IT awoke, hungry and eager to prey on the easily manipliative minds of the children of Derry. IT thought it already had a few victims as it heard the voices of teenagers coming from a dimley lighted tunnel. "What kind did you get, Mikey?" a voiced questioned "pepperoni and anchovies!" another voiced loudly proclaimed. IT knew he had victims which he presummed were teenagers hanging out in the sewer. IT transformed into his Pennywise the Dancing Clown charade to get ready to feed, Pennywise slowly lured near the tunnel and sent an "I LOVE DERRY" balloon into the room. "Woah!" a voiced yelled in suprise "What is it Donny?" "Look, a balloon!" Pennywise was ready and appeared at the front of the room "Hello!" Pennywise was slighty confused, Turtles, they weren't teenagers, they were mutant turtles. IT already had a bad history with turtles before but these were still beings in the psysical universe, he was sure he still had  meal. "Do you want another balloon?" Pennywise cherrily proclaimed "Yeah man! free balloon" the turtle known to his friends as Mikey eagerly walked up to Pennywise and went to take the balloon from him. As Mikey went to grab it, Pennyise let go of the balloon and grabbed Mikeys arm, pulling him closer as IT's jaws unhinged like a snake and tore of his arm as the other 3 turtles gasped and quickley jumped back. Mikey was brought to his knees is slowley tried to crawl away from the muderous clown as Pennywise grabbed his ankles like a burley construction worker and started pulling him away into the darkness of the sewer. "C'mon we gotta help him!" Donatello explaimed as the turtles rushed to try and save their friend. Pennywise was already almost to his lair but suddenley, he was on his feet confused by what just happened, a rat known as Splinter had roundhouse kicked him, knocking him to the ground. Pennywise was angry but now he knew what to do. He let go of Michelangelo's ankles and quickley grabbed Splinters head by the whiskers on his face and ripped his head off as the other turtles watched in horrorfying awe. Pennywise turned to them helping Mikey and while slowley approaching them like a lion with his preym they started glowing. Pennywise was confused as they began to rise and float in a circle and slowly float to each other. They began to form together glowing brighter then before then transformed. IT knew what they transformed into, His natural enemy, Maturin The Turtle...