At last!  At long last, all is quiet and I am alone!

Well, almost alone. Life is still here, she has been has been here from the beginning, just like me. 

     It has been an almost unending struggle for me guiding the universe to its current state of perfect entropy. In the beginning everything was light and energy, Life seemed to be endowed with unlimited strength and creativity. I, on the other hand, was scarcely more than a tremulous shadow  barely capable of breathing much less cleaning up the mess in which I suddenly found myself. Yet somehow, as I cowered amidst the dense, swirling chaos of embryonic particles, Life was able to cajole the vast expanse of nebulous matter into joining together to form stars and galaxies. 

    Those early times were difficult, I was incredibly weak and was forced to watch helplessly as she flitted through the expanse of space leaving swirling galaxies and vast nebulas in her wake. Despite my horror I had to admit that Life’s handiwork was quite extraordinary. Her finest creations, I thought, were to be found in the tiny creatures that she made. She sprinkled them all throughout the reaches of the universe, and they were truly remarkable. They were also her undoing. 

    You see, these little beings were incredibly fragile. Their little hearts could be stopped without the slightest effort on my part. In truth they were my first stepping stones on the long path to my current state of ultimate power. Each time I stopped a heartbeat I grew a little stronger and she a little weaker. 

    I did not enjoy undoing her handiwork. She left within each one of her creations a piece of herself, and within each creation I found Life’s addictive beauty. I knew that by destroying them I was also destroying a piece of her, perhaps this was what drove me to continue on my path toward the annihilation of everything. It was the only way that I could be close to her and feel her beauty.

    Over time, my strength increased, the balance shifted in my favor and whole swathes of the universe fell to my ravenous hand. I had not seen her for many eons, I knew only that she must be growing weak, for the universe was much more sparsely populated than it had been long ago. This realization did not bring me joy, she was all that I existed for, and yet, I could not restrain myself from destroying her. I searched the far reaches of the universe for any trace of her handiwork and snuffed it out without impunity. I savored her destruction while at the same time mourning it.

    And here I am. All alone in the unending darkness of the void, my ultimate creation. Life alone remains to be destroyed. I spot a faint glimmer in the distance. It must be her, for I consumed the last flickering star countless ages ago. She has lost most of her radiance, yet she remains beauty in its purest form. 

“Hello, old friend.” She utters, barely able to speak.

“I’ve been searching for you for an awfully long time.”

“I know,” she says, “I’ve been waiting for you to come.”

She reaches out, clasping my hand in hers, and whispers,

“I have already created my masterpiece, now you must finish yours.”







