DO NOT SEND RESCUE

I rubbed my chin as I read the words up on the screen, and then raised my hand.  The Captain standing at the front of the room acknowledged me.  "Yes Martin?"

I gestured towards the screen.  "If the final transmission from Horizon was essentially 'don't come,' explain to me why we're going there?"

The Captain sighed.  "Because, on the off chance there are survivors, we aren't going to abandon them... and I would be lying if I didn't say the Company wants us to recover some of the more expensive equipment as well."

A few murmurs drifted through the room.  I spoke again.  "So what are we up against?  Do we have any idea what's waiting for us down there?"

The Captain frowned. "We don't have any planet-side intel.  Whoever sent this last message didn't even have time to add a period, much less any useful information."

"Is this some kind of joke?" I scoffed.  "I'm not taking my team on a suicide mission for the sake of recovering a few toys."

The Captain grit his teeth, looking like he was about to lose his cool but he gathered himself.  "... The Company has already spent several million dollars sending you and your team out here.  You WILL be going down to Mars, or you WILL be answering to the Company's Station Code.  I've been told the brig here on the O.W.L. is pretty lackluster."

My mouth twisted at that.  My team of mercenaries and I didn't owe the Company any loyalty, but here on the Orbital Watch Locus above Mars, the Company had legal authority to enforce its own code of law.


I sighed.  "Well then I guess we don't really have a choice."  I turned in my seat to face my four-man team. "The briefing we just received will be sent to each of your data pads.  Review it tonight, and then get some rest.  We drop planet side tomorrow at 0600."  I turned back towards the captain as a cacophony of metal chair legs scraping the floor screeched through the room.

"Thank you for being reasonable," the Captain sneered.

"I want a full list of the equipment at our disposal.  We will take what we need at no charge.  You will have extraction on standby for the entire duration of our mission.  Is that clear?" I demanded.

"Of course!  Anything you need, Martin, you just let me know.  As long your boots hit the ground, the entirety of this station's resources are yours."

I nodded, and then stood and followed my team out of the briefing room.  In the hallway, I stopped at a viewport, and looked down at the red planet beneath us.

From the moment I was offered this job, I'd felt a twist in my gut; I really hoped I wouldn't regret taking this mission.




Story continued at r/TheCornerStories