It had never occurred to me before but I *was* always right. Jared -- a small pudgy boy -- pears at me through his eye slits, his forehead frows in a downward fashion as though pointing to me. 

"Well, then? Why are you always right?"

"I-- I'm not sure, I guess I'm just very smart!" he processes the excuse for a moment, placing his hand just below the curl of his lip.

"Well.." his eyes peering downwards, with a bright flash he looks up "well why don't we test it!"

" -- what?" I stumble "how do you figure we'd do that?"

"How about this, I know that the great Caesar was assasinated. However, you tell me that he died by drowning... if the history book remains then same then obviously my hypothesis is wrong."

"you know how rediculous this sounds, right?" I spat. Deep down I do not want to know whether or not it were true, my ability to change the past had always appeared super-natural. Though, people always said I was just dreaming, or that I was mentally ill...

I take a deep break in and release it along with the concerns that consume me, "okay, fine. Let's test it... Caesar was killed in a freak accident, it was while he was out on his boat with his wife. They always loved going out on their boat, but this night, Caesar had had a little too much to drink. With his wife and family fast asleep, Caesar tumbled into the cold water of the Atlantic. Freezing to death before drowning. His body was never seen again."

Jared and I exchange looks, both of us consumed by excitement or fear -- neither of whom could tell the difference. 

Reaching for the book, I hesitate for a moment, "Are you really sure you'd like to see this? What if I can change the past?" Jared nods awkwardly.

"Yes, well it would be interesting indeed"

"and if I cannot?" he is taken aback slightly by this, pondering as I had at his age.

"Well... then we know you cannot. Either way, we've learned something and so this will not be a waste of time." 

I open the book methodicaly to the page of Caesar's death, each binding crackling and tinging with each shuffle open. On the page, we find that Caesar died of assassination. A wave of relief spiderwebs up my spine and through all my muscles, I feel free like a bird after having its freedom threatened by a hungry hunter

"Well... I smiled with a nod to Jared, that's that." He smiles back and leaves my classroom satisfied. The sun cascades through my window and through the green and fluorescence of spring. I feel free.