There he was again, Central Park. During his lunch hour, Kyle would tell his assistant to get some fresh air while he went to do something he always loved to do— watching people. At 29 years old, he was fairly successful. He was often rendered a workaholic, but when he felt he needed to wind down a bit, he'd always be there at Central Park, observing and taking in the atmosphere. 

He took a seat on the usual empty bench as he opened his book up to a page that had been dog-eared for years but never actually read it. His eyes searched; there was a young mother with two children, then there was the hotdog seller who was collecting cash from a tourist while he passed a hotdog to him. Joggers went past him and there was a teenager whom he suspected always skipped classes during this time sitting on the grass with her eyes glued to her cellphone.

He pulled his gaze away from her when he heard a baby cry so loudly that his ears hurt. He turned to his right and saw a young woman, somewhere around her mid-twenties, apologising profusely to the mother of the baby who sat at the other side of the same bench. The baby was in a stroller, and the mother scooped him up into her arms as her face paled at the sight of young woman. 

"I... I'm so sorry, I really didn't mean to—"

The mother screeched incoherently as she looked away from the woman, pushing the stroller fast as she tried her best to run from the young woman without looking back. 

Kyle frowned. "What was all that about?" He asked the young woman.

She looked up at him, shocked. "I, uhm, I didn't do anything, I swear—"

"Well, if so, maybe that mother's just having a bad day. She's got pretty bad eyebags, I must say. She probably didn't get much sleep and isn't functioning properly." 

And then the woman smiled timidly. She was gorgeous with bright brown doe eyes framed with long lashes, thick and healthy dark locks that ended at the end of her waist and she even wore a white long-sleeved blouse with culottes, exactly like Audrey Hepburn in Roman Holiday. 

"Oh, if you say so," she chuckled nervously. She got closer to him, and eyed the empty space beside him. "You don't mind if I sit, do you?"

"No problem," he even stood up to let her sit first like a gentleman. Her smile became wider and appreciative as she sat down beside him and looked around, watching people. 

"I've never seen you around before. New here?" Kyle asked.

She smiled out of humor. "Well, I'm in New York often. I travel a lot."

He raised his brows. "Oh. Business?"

"Yeah, you can say that." She shrugged. "I'm a collector. I have to collect different things from different places at a time that's already been set for them."

"So what is it you're looking for in New York?" 

She looked down at her nails. She took a deep breath, not sure as to how he'd respond. He was handsome to her and reminded her of all those Adonis statues her stepmother had in their garden. "Well, I'm looking for a certain soul. They call me Death."

He cocked an eyebrow, silent for a while as if he believed before he laughed. "Well, if looks could kill, I would be in the graveyard upon looking at you."

She cracked a smile, slightly relieved that he didn't believe her while looking at him again. "What do you do?"

"I'm a financial advisor, so I go around to meet bosses of top companies whenever they need my help." He replied, then held out his hand. "I'm Kyle."

"Freya," she told him with a pleasant smile. She returned the handshake, and he couldn't help but notice that her hands were unusually cold. It felt like something that was left in the freezer for a week. "You said you meet bosses of top companies?"

He nodded. "Yeah, I do. Why?"

"Ah, any chance that you've met Eric Madison, CEO of Madison Publications? Because I'm actually in the city to find him but I have no idea where he is. I kind of lost my map, I have no sort of transportation whatsoever, and New York can be confusing at times. Can you help me find him? I have an appointment with him." She tilted her head, giving a pleading look. 

He couldn't resist. She was beautiful, and here she was, asking her to help him. She needed something, and he was going to help her get it. 

"Walk down Fifth Avenue all the way and you'll be able to find the Madison Publications building. It won't be hard to miss— there's a big sign with the company logo on it." He informed her.

She got up from the bench, beaming. "Ah, so I better get going then. I have an appointment I can't miss, or else my father would punish me for this."

"Oh, so this whole collecting thing; it's a family business?" Kyle inquired.

"Yes, and we've been doing this for a long time. I lost track of how long I've been doing this." She laughed. "My father owns it and he's been doing this for much much longer than me."

"Any chance that it gets lonely as the daughter of the owner of a mysterious collecting business?"

"Well, yes, it does, but my father doesn't really allow me to get into relationships." She bit her bottom lip as if she knew what he was trying to say.

"You're old enough now, so that should change. How long are you here for?" He stood up, towering over her by a few inches. "We could grab a bite tonight after I finish with work today." 

Her smile faltered. "Oh, I can't do that tonight, I won't be able to have the time. I have a lot to do, and seeing the time right now, I'm afraid I can't make it."

"Oh." His forehead crumpled as he thought about other kinds of arrangements. 

Suddenly, after a second, the infectious smile on her face appeared again. "Well, I know what we could do. I can take you along."

"Where?" 

She threw her arms around his neck, and he was slightly taken aback. It was bold of her after observing her for the past ten minutes. "We can go back to my place, and you can stay forever." Her voice became so soft and enchanting, as if he was falling under a spell that was taking its time.

Slightly confused with a hazy mind, he watched her face— her eyes had darkened seductively and she licked her lips, moistening them. 

"When?" He struggled to ask in a strangled voice. The gorgeous woman holding him close wasn't helping at all.

"I know that your death is far from now, but how about now?" She whispered as she leaned in and pressed her lips against his. Forcefully parting them into a French kiss, she took a deep breath in that seemed like she was never going to stop to breathe out. 

And as Kyle kissed her back, he felt like he was mentally and physically shutting down. His legs gave way, he couldn't think and all he could remember were a pair of pink supple lips that were even colder than ice. She held him even as he lost his energy to stand, and pulled away from the kiss until his last heartbeat ended. 

The young woman, Freya, shook her own head and sighed at the dead body in front of her. She knelt to the ground and her well-manicured nails grazed the skin on his chiseled cheek. Hopefully Daddy would understand that she wanted someone to come home to.