I had lived in this cave for centuries, long before the castle had been built. I had made an arrangement with the old kings; I will let them live in my valley if they left me in peace. They agreed, possibly with relief, it is hard to tell with humans.

The petty wars they waged were naught but a blink of the eye to me. The only time I took note was when one of their enemies decided to try their luck at breaching the walls. Few succeeded; those that did were ultimately wiped out by the defending army. I quickly grew bored of the useless squabbling and ignored the tiny empire for a few decades. Their enemies grew more powerful, though the little kingdom thought they could withstand anything.

But then the war came to them, and I watched as the kingdom fell in a matter of hours. The walls broken and their army slaughtered, I saw the exact moment when the king fell, his pride ultimately bringing his downfall.
I was saddened, for I knew I would have to leave. These new humans might not be so willing to allow a dragon to live. I would have to leave my treasures, thought that was worth nothing. I had made my decision, and nothing would change my mind.

Until one day, the soldier appeared.

I had been sleeping, until the scrape of armor on rock woke me. A dragon does not live as long as I do without developing sense to warn him of a possible ambush. I rose to my full height, preparing to scare the idiot knight senseless.

“Who dares disturb me?” I snarled, allowing flame to flicker between my teeth. I do love a good show. Dragons are vain like that.

This soldier was undaunted, which surprised me. Most aspiring dragon slayers usually fled at the sight of a sixty foot fire-breathing beast. Either this one was truly desperate for gold, or he had another reason.

The latter turned out to be the case as the old man fell into my cave. He was wounded, and clearly did not have long left to live.

“What do you want?” I asked, caught off guard. “Surely if you had wanted a hero’s death, you could have picked an easier way to do it.”

The soldier wasn’t listening, it was then I noticed the bundle that he was cradling in his arms. Gently, he carefully set the shape on the floor of the cave.

“Please,” the soldier rasped, looking up at me. “The princess, take her.”

With some apprehension, I carefully nudged the bundle with one claw. A tiny human stared back at me, unafraid.

“Are you offering me a sacrifice?” I asked, repulsed at the idea. I hadn’t eaten a human in centuries, and the last one was purely and accident. I could never harm one as innocent as a child. “I don’t want it.”

“Please, you must!” The soldier begged, trying and failing to stand. “We were overrun, I promised I would keep her safe…” The old man trailed off, coughing blood. “I will die soon; please, great one. Take care of her.”

I looked down at the small shape. The princess couldn’t have been more than three winters, and she showed absolutely no fear. My great heart softened a little, and I gently brushed the little one’s face with one wingtip.

“You ask that I care for you princess?” I said, after a moment.
The soldier nodded, the light in his eyes beginning to fade as he realized I would heed his dying wish.
“Keep her safe.” The old man breathed, before falling dead to the ground.

The little girl began to cry, as I gently gathered her up with one paw and cuddled her close.
“Shh there, little one. I shall not harm you.” I looked out of my cave, and I could see the once great kingdom burning in the distance, the walls turned to rubble. The army was approaching up the mountain, perhaps they thought there were others hidden here.

I looked back at my cave, then down at the human child, who had stopped crying. I would not abandon this precious creature to the savage hoard. I would care for her; teach her to be a better ruler.

And after all, what’s a dragon without his treasure?

