I don't remember why I keep coming back here.

At least, not when I first get up.

I roll out of bed at 10:15am.

I take a shower, eat some breakfast, and then get dressed.

And then my stomach folds into itself and I almost pass out when I notice a small, but bright **[7212]** in the corner of my eye.

I don't have anything planned today, really. I'm just going over to my grandparents' house.

The past year, I've been going over there a lot more. My grandfather had just had heart surgery, and while it went great and he's a lot better than before he'd gone in, it made me realize that the two of them were getting old.

It's not really something I enjoy thinking about. I don't think most people would think about relatives passing on in a positive light. But this is reality, and until that day comes, and I know it destroys me for a while, I've been spending more time with them.

He doesn't get around much anymore. Not like when I was young. My grandfather used to take me everywhere when I was younger. Every time I'd spend the night at my grandparents, we'd watch old Disney movies, and they always made me chicken nuggets and macaroni, without fail. Then in the morning, he'd take me to the museum, or the park. 

He loves watching old movies. This man has more old VHS tapes and DVD re-releases in his den than I think you could probably find in every flea market or yard sale in the country in a few years. Since he can't go out as often anymore without getting winded, I go over there and we sit and watch some of his movies about once a week; The Maltese Falcon, Laura, Charlie Chan, that sort of stuff. All these goofy, interesting old movies I've never seen. We sit, and we talk, and my grandfather is like me in that if we were watching them with anyone else they'd tell us to shut up, but he and I are both the type of person who can't help but speculate at the plot unfolding.

So I'll sit there, and say what I think might happen, and he'll get this little smile on his face, and he won't try to tell me, but sometime he just does because he loves these movies, and he loves it when I come over so we can watch them together, and he has a hard time trying not to spoil them because he's seen them so many times.

So, I'm driving over, and my stomach is gripped with this feeling of intense dread.

Something must've happened all those other times. Is today the day? It's so sudden, he was perfectly fine when I talked to him on the phone the night...or, 7212 nights ago. 

What the hell happens today? Why have I spent nearly *twenty years* on this specific day? Oh, God...

I pull into the driveway. My grandmother is standing at the kitchen window as usual, and she waves to me and then goes to unlock the front door.

I go in, and we say hello. She's washing dishes like she normally does. She's always in the kitchen doing or cleaning something.

I see my grandfather. He's sitting in his chair in the living room, and is already turning on the DVD player, having already had the DVD in there ready to go; Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum.

I can't shake this feeling in my gut. What could it be that happens today? But as the movie plays, and we exchange our usual banter, I start to forget about it. I get comfortable, sitting in the old recliner, smelling the soap from the kitchen sink filling the house, the warmth hanging in the living room making me feel at ease.

"That wasn't a very convincing noise for someone who just had a knife thrown in their back." I say, jokingly, already having guessed that the silhouette of Charlie was just a wax figure.

He just smiles and shifts in his chair, obviously amused.

We finish that one, and then watch Charlie Chan in Panama. I like Charlie Chan, it's goofy but serious in a way that only old movies seem to be able to portray.

"My God, how did Jimmy even live to this age being this stupid?"

"Well...you gotta remember, Jimmy tries very hard."

"At just being bad at detective work?"

My grandmother comes in to sit with us to finish the second half of the movie.

And we sit, and we talk for a bit...and that's when I realized that nothing was going to happen today.

There was nothing to worry about. I'd spent the past 7212 days coming back here because it was just an ordinary day. I spent time with my grandparents, and we joked, and we laughed, and it was just a good day.

And I realized, like I'm sure I have every single day since the first time, that I'd be okay with living this day for a while longer.

Now, I know that I must've felt the same way earlier on. I'm sure that once the number gets too high, I'll finally let this day slip by like all the others. Maybe after I've hit 10,000 I'll be ready to let this day go by.

For now, though, this is okay. Going over there every day, watching Charlie Chan shuffle about, seeing my grandfather smile. I'm content.

Today is a good day.