"A-ha! Looks like you can't move, Burnella!" I said.

"Damn you, Lucius!" said Burnella while having her entire body trapped in a block of clear amber from the neck down, unable to activate her mystic  fire powers. "Once I get out of here you're gonna pay!" 

I simply stared at her, trying to hide my childlike happiness and glee under a typical evil grin.
Finally, I had managed to catch Burnella! Ever since I had first fought her I was in love. Fiesty personlity, great wit, beautiful orange hair flowing out from her mask and down her back, and hips to die for. She was a gift from Heaven.

But I had never been able to capture her long enough to be close to her long. But now I have captured her to where she has to  stay.

I could hear her squeaks under her mask as she tried to struggle out of the amber. Adorbs.

I had to impress her. I can't just say that I love her. She would think I'm pathetic.  I had to  just do nice stuff for her so that Stockholm syndrome might kick in at some point. 

"Yeah. That oughta work. I'm pretty sure I am the same age as her. I'm rich, I got robots, I'm the perfect guy. You can do this Lucius." I screamed mentally.

I walk up to her. She continues to curse and yell at me while struggling. I lean on the block she's encased in to make myself look confident from the get-go.  "You haven't moved an inch, Burnella. If you keep struggling you will be too tired to fight me later."

She sighed and stopped. "Curse you...." she said in defeat as her head sunk.
Alright.  Now that she's cooled down a bit I can give her my gift.

I  got it out of that cardboard  box, and walked behind her. 

She tensed up again.  "What are you  doing? You stay away from me!" she spat. I then slowly placed it on her head.

"What is this thing?! LUCIUS WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME?!!" she said, panicked. 
I couldn't have her being afraid like this. I quickly got out the mirror so she could see.

"Wha...A flower crown?" she said. I looked at my crafting project, filled with orange and white flowers, which I knew would match her beautiful hair.
"Why did you put a flower crown on my head?!" she exclaimed in confusion.
Any excuse I had was lost once I noticed that I could see her eyes through her goggles up close.

"uhh uhh F-for paralyzing you! With toxic things! Ha-ha!" I choked out.

"I already can't move"

"Well....it's for paralyzing you just in case."

"Ooookay."

I stood there in front of Burnella in awkward silence. Damnit. I knew I had embarassed myself. I had to talk with her more to get her into me.

I walked closer to her.  l looked down and tried to think of something she would like, and fast.

"If you're taking this opportunity to  stare at my chest I will ignite the Great Fire of London onto the most private of your parts." said Burnella. 

"No! I'm not like that!"  I quickly went around to  meet her face. "I'm not trying to do that at all!"

"What do you want from me then? Why did you abduct me and turn me into a popsicle?  As a decoration?" 

"No.....it's just that......" I resisted the urge to stroke her hair. "I am planning on....using your power against the city..... I will make a laser out of your energy to burn the city! "

She didn't react. I don't think she was buying it.

"I will show the world who is it's master!!" I screamed dramatically as I took out my laser gun and disintegrated a hole into the ceiling with a bright light. 

The stars of the night sky shown along the bright full moon. "Yes! This would work!" I thought to myself. 

"It will shine along with the stars. I have always wanted something  to shine like them. To have somebody look at me with happiness. Like nobody ever did. I want to be up there. You always fly. I wish I could go too." I said to her quietly. 

This poetic bad boy stuff had to work. She had to have sympathy for me now!

"Yes......I love the stars too......"

"FINA-I mean, you do?"

"Yep. Do you know why?"

"Why is t-"

"AHHHHHHH!" she screamed towards the hole  in the ceiling. "HELP ME! SOMEBODY PLEASE HE-"


 I cupped my hand over her mouth.  "Please...stop!" 

"No!  Why shouldn't I try to get away? You clearly have no actual plan I have to stop! You're just dressing me up and talking all poetic to me! This is more like a date than a-"

She went silent. Her head recoiled back. A longer awkward silence. 
I briefly considered freezing the rest of Burnella in the amber and dealing with it later. But I knew running from it wouldn't help. 

I just had to face the laughter.

But as I awaited her mocking of me,  I heard her say something else. 

"Take off my mask."

"What? Won't that reveal your secret identity?" I said in confusion.

"No. You're not gonna be able to tell who I am just through looking at my face." she said with depression obvious in her voice.

"Good point." 
I unhooked the mask from the latch connected to the rest of Burnella's suit, and threw it away.

"Oh....." I said. 
There, on Burnella's cheek, was a dark red burn in the shape of a hand on her face. It was a dark red, evident of the most searing third-degree burn.

"This mark.....is how I found out I had fire powers. It was just another day. And the next minute, I had ruined my face.....nobody would ever want to look at me again....I knew it.....I know it...." 
Her eyes began to water.
"This mark is a reminder that I no guy would ever like me.....not only because I'm ugly now...b-but because I can't control my fire."

She had drops coming down her face now. "I'm so sorry.....to turn you away like this Lucius, but I'm awful and I can't handle it I just ca-"

"Do you know how much you've done" I whispered to her. "Do you know how  many you've helped. No matter if they were sinners or saints, you saved them. That mark may be there, but so is the rest of you..... You haven't burned the rest of you....."

I noticed a small smile from her. She was smiling at me and my words stopped coming out right.

"And yo-uh...you aren't ugly either..B..Burne-"

"Catherine" she said in a quick and soft breath.

"Catherine. Let's get you out of there." I said as I reached  for the switch and got rid of the amber surrounding Catherine. 

She slowly stepped towards me. After simply standing and staring, we found that our hands were drawing together into a bond. I tried not to scream.

"We should meet up sometime." she told me. 
I tried not to scream. 

"Saturday. At the club. I  can make it look like a bomb threat so we can dance alone." I said with red cheeks.

She chuckled. "I'll take it. Maybe things will get......hot."

"Oh my gosh. Really?" 

"I had to do it eventually."

We laughed together at the same time we forgot our woes together.





