I don't really write, so pardon me if this isn't that great. Some constructive criticisms would be nice though. Anyway, this is my first story I've ever written: 



She saw Death walk into her bathroom for the hundredth time. He looked at her without any suprise at all anymore. She was laying on the cold tile and beside her there was vomit and an empty pill bottle. She must have been waiting for hours, he thought. 


"Baby!" She bawled, with her lipstick a bit smeared. "I knew you'd come again soon!" Her eyes got wider every death. 


Death was annoyed at this point. The most he'd seen someone win a coin toss was 16 lives continuesly. Even then it was a mirical fluke and he was happy to finally see him go! Yet, it was mathematically impossible for this girl to keep guessing right! He got tired of her very, very quickly. 

"We both know how this will go. Pick a side. Heads or tails." Death coldly replied, ignoring the fact she called him "Baby." 


"Tails." She said with a smirk. She felt weak but she pushed herself off of the floor with confidence and Death noticed she stood taller than him.


Death flipped the coin and sighed, "How do you keep doing this?"



She winked, "I keep telling you, I'll reveal my secret when you agree to go on a date with me!" She wore a short red dress and stilettos. She would have pulled this off in her first death. 


Death had enough. His curiosity was growing stronger every month he found her in her bathroom alone. 


"And I'll only go on a date if you tell me..." He sighed again, he just wanted the truth. 


Anna was ruining her looks by this, and her personality was desperate, obsessive and cold. She begged Death for a date each time now, but Death was not attracted to her. Her hair kept falling out more after each attempt and her blond locks turned grey. Her teeth were ruined by acid in her vomit. Her wrists were heavily scarred. Her breath was always foul. At one point Anna was an attractive young lady. The first time Death saw her she was beautiful! The first time Death met her though, she had not asked. She was not obsessed with him. Her looks or personality wasn't poisoned. What had happened? People weren't supposed to go passed 5 lives. 


Anna was getting tired of this too. She noticed her looks were withering and Death never budged. After 100 times! She thought that after her 100th annaversary with Death she would surely win him over! 

Yet, the first time that she had met him she was scared. She heard the stories. Besides, she didn't love him then. She actually hoped that she would guess wrong. She had become depressed about her ex-boyfriend. He broke up with her and she constantly messaged him. She wanted to let him know how she felt. She showed up to places she knew he'd be. Then, he told her that he felt she was stalking him and that he wanted her to leave him alone. Though, Anna wanted to be with him. The first time she had killed herself, she was hoping she would die so that he would feel bad and miss her. The ultimate revenge. She thought he deserved that guilt. 


The first time Death came through her bathroom door she noticed he wasn't anything like what the movies say. He wasn't a skeleton at all. He didn't wear a cloak. He didn't even have a wicked or scary voice. He was just a young guy, around 20 - 23 years old. He was pale and looked cold. His hair was black and his eyes were dark brown. His smile was electric, although Anna only saw it once. Once she guessed right the first time, she was granted 80 more natural years to her life. Anna was shocked. Death grinned and told her, "don't give up quite yet..."Anna was thankful for Death. How ironic that she owed her life to him? After her first attempt, she knew she had fell in deep with Death.


Anna looked into his dark eyes. She grabbed his hand. She took a deep breath.


"I love you. I sold my soul to the Devil. I can't die until you go on a date with me!"

Death was speechless! He was outsmarted by this girl. He bet he was the laughing stock of Hell. He bet Satan took the deal knowing he could never romantically deal with the dead or the living. He knew Satan thought this was funny. Death looked at Anna.

"Then I guess I'll see you next time, Anna." Death turned and left her for the 100th time and he could hear Anna starting to cry. 







