"I understand Mr President, I apologize for second guessing you." This moment was like so many other moments over the last fifteen years. The absurdity of the situation, combined with the feeling that everything made perfect logical sense. But that's how it is when you have a demonic shark running the country.

He was a political newcomer, literally unknown before running for office. He had funded his own campaign, which had been much easier thanks to the never ending media coverage. That's to be expected when a demon shark throws his hat in the ring though.

President Don Carcharo had won by a landslide. He never actually spoke, but you could understand him perfectly through body language, and the telepathic howls that seemed to manifest in your mind. The first few days it was considered a hoax by many news outlets. Some insane political stunt. A shark can't be President, much less a demonic shark. But once the novelty wore off, people really seemed to connect with his message. His ideas made sense, and seemed to please both political parties enough to start working together. They appreciated the honesty of admitting he was a demon shark from the get go.

After the first election, things started changing fast, and for the better. The economy was booming, unemployment was non-existent, all wars had stopped. Every nation on the planet had rushed to form a new alliance with his administration, and they were reaping the benefits. Poverty only existed as a choice by some religions. 

Things were going so well that towards the end of his second term, Congress amended the Constitution to specify that the 22nd amendment didn't apply to sharks. The president vetoed this, but it was overridden. So much good had been accomplished nobody cared that the entire situation was unfathomable. 

That's why it was so easy to make the phone call, it looked insane, but so many things had worked out so perfectly that obeying just came naturally. The voice at the other end answered, and I relayed the President's instructions. "You know that will flood millions of acres, and could possibly create a new permanent lake, right?"

"He was perfectly clear Jim, we need to blow that dam."

