Never written before but here we go

~~~~

A figure, dressed in a simple hood, track pants and runners, stepped over the charred remains of what appeared to be a combat robot, a trail of embers following him. *More will come* , he mused to himself. The person in question was Blaze, a 'superhero', whose power revolved around control, manipulation, and usage of fire. His arch rival was the super villain Iceika, an ice cold girl that built robots to do her bidding. Sure to his statement, blast doors opened, and more robots came pouring forth, spraying wildly with their weapons. Sighing, he ignited his hands, and then he body, and he surged forward as he turned into a small brightly burning trail of fire. He zipped around the robots, his trail scorching and burning any robot it came in contact with. One of the bullets from the robots found purchase as it crossed through the main trail, eliciting a cry of pain from the hero.  He turned back into human form as he hit the ground sprawling. A bullet had passed through his left thigh. Growling, his hands burst alight as he charged forth, ignoring the pain. He let loose a barrage of fireballs as he charged, robot after robot being burnt as he charged them. As the last one fell, the water sprinklers turned on, triggered by his fire, and water began to pour over him. He shrieked as it splashed into his exposed fire, the pain driving his hands numb as he rushed to cover them, instinctively sinking to the grounf. A distinctly feminine laugh filled the air. *Iceika.* As if on queue, the largest door on the room opened, and the villain stepped forth. 

She was clad in white, with grey plates of light armour attached, light blue runes glowing. She brushed her near-white blonde hair out of her face with a black gloved hand. A white mask wrapped around her face. Her ice cold eyes stared directly at the young hero on the ground. 'Ah, Blaze, thank you for accepting my invitation!' she exclaimed gleefully as she approached him, stopping a couple metres before him. The boy's face immediately contorted in confusion. 'Invitation? You said that you were going to blow up a bomb and freeze the city and I came to stop you.'

She stared back at him, her own face perplexed. 'That was the invitation, dummy.'

The water sprinklers turned off, and Blaze slowly pulled his hood off his face, revealing his dark skin to the dim lighting. 'Invitation? What kind of new trick is this? Weaken me so you can encase me in frozen ice?'


She closed the distance, and now stood at arms' length. She stood taller than he did. He was pretty short. But she was Vlose enough for her cold breath to reach him, sending chills down his spine, both figuratively and literally. 'No, dear, if I wanted you hurt I'd have done so already. No, I invited you for something el-'


'So you're trying to tell me this is an accident?' He mumbled as he showed his thigh. Iceika's reaction was not what he expected, as she rushed to inspect his leg, kneeling in front of him

'Oh my God I'm so sorry! Th-that wasn't m-meant to happen! But how? I set the aim of those robots to 'Worse than White Arnoured Sci-Fi Soldiers! I'm so sorry!'

Iceika's mere presence cancelled out any of his powers, so he had no way to escape. He would simply have to wait...

'It's ok, it'll heal...but what was I invited for?


'I wanted someone to talk to,' she responded as he got a band aid out from her pocket. She sloppily applied it to the wound. 


'So you built an army of robots, trashed a jewellery store, got me to come and fight said army of robots in tour secret lair, so you could..talk to me? Why me? I'm not interesting...'


She gasped, and slammed her hands into the ground in front of her (or either side of him, idk how to put it) and leaned forward. Her eyes narrowed.  'I wanted to talk with you, and you are interesting.  Very interesting' she awkwardly pulled her arms back. 


Seeing that arguing would not get him anywhere, he tried to converse with her. He wasn't usually good at talking with girls...much less a super villain...'so...what do you want to talk about?'



She shifted uncomfortably, looking at a very interesting piece of flooring. 'I was wondering...if you wanted to go to dinner with me....' she wrapped her arms around himself. 

*Maybe I should have just fought.* 'Why...me...?'

She looked up, and straight into his charcoal eyes. 'B-because...i...like you...d-dummy....'

As he heard that, he immediately looked at the ground, trembling. 'No, you don't,' he stammered. 


She looked back at him, clearly hurt. 'But I just sai-'

'No, you don't,' he growled. Rage began to pour into him, enough for his hands to ignite again. 


She weakly tried to reach out. 'I really do-'

'No, you don't!' He cried out as he stood up, tears welling in his eyes. 'No one can! No one can like me, so stop lying!'


She took her mask off, and tried to approach him. 'I do. I really do. Why else do you think I'm always trying to get you to come? Why else would I put so much time and effort into trying to get your attention, trying to get you to at least talk with me? All those times I captured you, I did it so I could talk to you...' tears ran down her face as she continued. 'Just because you were hurt before doesn't mean you have to push everyone away. Just because your parents abused and neglected you doesn't mean others will. Just because other people bully and harass you doesn't mean I will. Please...'

*How does she know this?* he loosened up, as his fire died down. 'You mean...all this time...you just wanted to be...with...me...?'


'Mhm' she sniffled. 

Anger met him again. 'Lies.' He ignited his hands and prepared to go. He had been here too long. He turned around, gritted his teeth, and began to run. 


Her eyes widened. 'No! Don't go!' she cried as she ran after him. In his weakened state, he was not running very fast, and he growled as she closed the distance. She dived for him, and tackled him to the ground. They went sprawling, and she latched on to his right arm, and refused to let go, even as he kneeled, preparing to leave again. 'Please..trust me...' she croaked, her teary eyes looking straight at him. Her right hand went and cupped his left cheek, her cold skin causing him to flinch.

His heart melted as he began to cry bitter tears. 'Why...why me... what have I ever done to deserve care...deserve friendship...deserve love...?' 


She smiled back, and wiped his tears away. 'Because everyone deserves a chance. We all deserve a shot at love.'

He clenched his eyes shut, and he shuffled closer to her. He wiped her tears away with his own hand. His dark eyes locked onto her own blue ones, as they stood up. Without a word, they embraced, and slowly melted to the ground.


Together, they lay on the floor, tears of joy running down their faces, hands entwined and refusing to release the other. 'So...will you come to dinner with me...?' She inquired nervously.


'Of course,' he responded with a smile.


Hours passed as they continued to lay on the lab floor. Eventually, he had fallen asleep, but she was still awake. *must be these damn armour plates.* she slowly peeled his arm off her, and stood up. *but we can't sleep here* she wondered as she looked at the time. 7pm. She sent a message to her robot to come with the teleporter. Glancing back at his sleeping body, she walked over, and gingerly picked him up and held him in her arms. 


The ride home was nothing spectacular, because teleporters don't take long.  The robots took care of his wound as she took her armour off, and put on a shirt and pants. She walked into her room, and sighed happily as she saw his sleeping figure tucked in the bed. She climbed in, and placed herself In his arms as she dozed off.


~~

So was that good? I hope it is....