I am eating cheese in an Iowa field. The air around me is scattered more than usual, as if it fears the voids that form my fingertips more today than it has for years. My head is light and my legs are heavy, and the sun who refuses to burn me is feeling electric today.

The last time this happened was Thalia Gate’s last day. I try to remember anything about the girl, thinking how unfair it is that I am merely a name-keeper. Maybe I’d feel fulfilled if I could remember the unremembered. I could be their last link, the legacy god. But no. Grim has always had all the glory, all the satisfaction. He brings peace, brings stillness to all those thrashing little beings. I? I make all that the have been another place of emptiness. As if this bitter world needed more rotting wood or dark archways. I know I resent Grim. I know I do, but maybe that is why he never speaks to me. Pretends I am not here. Maybe he doesn’t like to think that, once he takes them all, I am the one who finishes him. 

I am chomping down on pepper jack, though it all tastes like wood shaving, when I feel Grim take Joanne Wallace, and Ella Wallace rings up in need of service. I stretch my limbs, flex my fingertips, watch the darkness wax and wane, wonder what could happen if I could choose not to go. To let Ella continue lingering in the fabric of her ex-boyfriend’s dirty bedsheets and the coffee cup at her regular shop. In this moment, I let everything about her wash over me. The way her armpits smell when he deodorant washes away, the sting on her cheek when the ex told her she didn’t belong at that coffee shop. The fact that she is ali— alive? 

“GRIM I NEED YOU. ELLA WALLACE. FORGOTTEN. NOT DEAD. DID YOU FORGET?”

No response. Never a response. But this is business, not personal, he has to answer; he has to, so I try again.

“ELLA WALLACE. YOU HAD TO HAVE FORGOTTEN TO TAKE HER. SHE MUST BE A STILL-BODY SOMEWHERE. IT’S OKAY, THE DEATH RATE’S UP LATELY. JUST LET ME KNOW.”

I wish I had a body to be anxious with. All i have ever seen of myself is hands. I can’t twiddle my fingers without void rebound. This anxiety is a funny, vibrating feeling where I have only felt loneliness. It feels like hours before he answers, but I know it has only been minutes. I cannot ignore a call for much longer than that.

“TRUTH. ELLA WALLACE HAS NOT CALLED. I’VE LEFT NO STILL BODIES SINCE 14 BCE. STOP CALLING.”

If I could cry I would. I have never felt so many things at once: rejoice for being addressed for the first time since 14 BCE, confusion at Ella Wallace, sadness for Ella Wallace, and suddenly, longing for Ella Wallace. I have to see her. But strangely, unlike any assignment before, I want to see her. Who has this world forgotten before death? How? My curiosity is  building and my duty pushing, so I bring myself to her.

“HELLO.” 

I watch her sweat drip down her bare back and hope she can respond. I feel bouncy, like I can hardly be contained into one being, never having spoken to a real person before. The heart I do not have is dropping and then:

“Hello?” 

She finally stops harvesting her herbs and turns to look at me. Jade green eyes dark from finger void to finger void and then finally at around where my face might be. 

“Who — well, what — I mean, who are you?” She asks with a tilted head, lower lip jutting out.

“I AM TRUTH. I HOLD TOGETHER THE VOIDS. I AM SUPPOSED TO TAKE YOU, BUT I’VE ONLY TAKEN REMNANTS BEFORE. THE WORLD FORGOT YOU.”

Her eyes stare a little longer, and her lips part, threatening to speak a few times before they moved to encase a winning, yellow-teethed smile.

“Yes! Yes! I knew I could do it if I tried. I forgot what I was trying to do all this time, but it was all for you! I remember now! Thalia Gates! My best friend in preschool. I saw you take her after the fire. You wouldn’t look at me — I don’t think you could even see me. But it wasn’t fair! The ambulance was right there. She was breathing and I was talking to her and you sucked her right up! I remember thinking everything would be right if I could just get sway from everyone.”

The bouncy feeling suddenly shifts to nausea. I have never felt nausea before this day, and I decide immediately that I do not like it. The voids at my fingertips flux, and then suddenly they become warped. They start expanding, spitting out what they have consumed. I feel the all the fabrics in the world grow heavier at once. Gravestones suddenly look more somber. Everything that once meant something to someone means something to everyone. Thalia Gate’s burned body comes out of my fingertips, into Ella’s arms. I don’t feel lonely anymore. I feel like I am part of something I feel —

It was then that Truth ceased to be. Life no longer held a purpose — to make a mark and then let it be erased to make way for new marks. Life became simply life, and the world began to absorb all of it. Buildings seemed richer and streets became more lively. But no good ever comes unbalanced. On that day, a world that had never experienced loneliness, the one marked component of Truth, was washed in the feeling. Truth’s essence crept through sidewalk cracks, through earth and time. 

And so, as Ella Wallace, who had isolated herself from the world and sustained herself for years, held Thalia Gate’s charred body in her arms and watched her die, she screeched. She screamed and screamed until the truth in her screams was too much for even Grim, and he took her that night. He did not care, because he never had cared, but the soil he took her from did. Nothing has grown there since.