If only you had seen me in the 80's, the early 90's even. In the rock scene, the goth scene, the grunge scene... I even thrived through emo. I was a seducer. A sex god. 

Slick black hair, pale white skin, thin but muscular. 5'9" was a perfectly acceptable height in those days. Some 90's vixen had called me "junky chic" and meant it as a complement.

Back then we writhed sweatily in loud pulsing sensual clubs in the dark and I lured women to my lair to feed and feast on the blood in their veins. I didn't even always have to hypnotize, attack, or trick them. True-blood and Blade obsessed fan girls would pull their hair to the side and thrust their carotid arteries at me when they found out what I was, or beg me to sip from their femeral arteries in the throes of sexual passion. I didn't have to kill them, then.

"If only you had known me in my day."

I blame the hipsters. The UFC. The damn bio-scientists. But... yes, really it began with the hipsters. When they decided that lumberjack beards were for everyone, and started getting a healthy amount of sun, and making things with their hands. They really started the shift into what we have today. 

Look at you.

"JUST LOOK AT YOU!" I yell across my dungeon. I was once able to walk beautiful women in here voluntarily on my arm excited to see a real vampire's 'pleasure chamber' but YOU. You were the best I could do today.

A 6'5" bearded blonde viking with a sun kissed tan and muscles... dammit. 

Now I have to get you while you're sleeping. Do you have any idea how hard that is when you can't come into people's homes uninvited? Luckily your kind have a tendency to hike up mountains and spend the night in tents "DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW TRICKY IT IS TO GET UP THERE AND BACK DOWN WITH A BODY WHEN SUN EXPOSURE WILL KILL YOU?!" I can't believe I had to inject a sedative. What have I become.  

"I'm so hungry... I feed... as infrequently as I can... these days."

*Muffled grunts* 

"No, it's no use. If I take your gag off you'll just tell me all about food synthesizers and socialism and how no one needs to struggle for anything anymore because YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE ME"

Finally, your baby blue eyes look up into my own. You look so confused. How could anyone be hungry? 

Blast society for making eye contact a social faux pas.! These days you only ever look directly into someone's eyes through pictures on our social media profiles, and of course no one ever wants to invite me into their home after looking at mine. A foot shorter than everyone else, no beard, no tan, compared to you with your lazer-etched diamond modifications I have dull eyes and an imperfect smile. No one "goes out" anymore, they order everything online including meal prep kits and they cook for each other and host dinner parties. No chance encounters at a bar anymore... just this.

I look into your eyes and send a sense signal to your blood with my hypnotic power.

*muffled moan*

"That's right..." I keep your gaze locked into my own. I can begin to feel your mitochondria dancing in your cells. So strong. So powerful. Yet so... completely under my control, now. I'll pull their voice through your own. I remove your gag. I hate this part these days.

~~ "oh, you handsome vampire...." I can see your boner. You see it's not that I'm homophobic, I just don't swing this way. This doesn't appeal to me. But women just don't camp alone. Just your type. Rugged mountain men. I bet you never realized that your flesh was a home for the mitochondria living in your blood "come in, please come into my veins" at last you give me permission.

I feed. 

I'm sorry that I have to kill you. I am. I miss being a seducer. But I can't have you warning the other campers.