"I'd like a club on Italian herbs and cheese, please." Dan says.

This is his usual order. In fact, Dan comes to this Subway on his lunch break, orders the same sandwich, and return to his desk to eat every day like clockwork. Dan is a predictable kind of guy, and he doesn't mind it; and knowing that he's unintentionally saved a few people throughout his mundane routine is kind of cool.

"Of course sir," says the sandwich artist. She turns to the bread cabinet, but ends up grabbing a loaf of Italian instead.

"Whatever," thinks Dan "It's not worth mentioning. Italian is close enough."

Suddenly, Dan feels his save count skyrocket. It takes a moment for the exact number to register.

Five billion and eleven saved.

"What the fuck, how is that even possible?" he mutters under his breath.

"I'm sorry," The Subway worker looked up from the sandwich, "Is there a problem?" 

"Oh, no, it's nothing. Just thinking is all. Um, could I get that sub plain? I'm in a bit of a rush."

Dan pays, and hurriedly leaves the store. His mind is a flurry of fear and nervous excitement. What could this mean? How could such a small decision, a simple sandwich order, change so many lives?" 

On his walk back to work, Dan pays close attention to the world around him, looking for some sort of sign to show him how this would all come together. 

Dan makes it back to his desk without incident. Somewhat disappointed, he eats his sandwich. That day, and several more pass with no obvious hint as to how Dan has saved so many people.


Three weeks later, Dan is found dead.


An autopsy reveals that Dan had a rare, deadly form of fungal infection. Fungal spores had entered his bloodstream, and after dismissing his symptoms as the flu, Dan took a day off to rest. He passed away in his sleep that night. Additional deaths and further investigation linked this fungus to the bread served at the Subway he regularly visited. 

More interesting, however, were other discoveries made from Dan's autopsy. Dan's cells had an incredible capacity for autophagy. Based on his cells alone, Dan would appear to be half his actual age.

This revelation paved the way for medical progress. Degenerative disease treatment improved, and these conditions were eventually cured altogether. 

The number of people that Dan saved with the cure derived from his cells was enormous.

Some might say billions.



