"Mr. Mussolini, wasn't it"
I say to an italian looking man, in his 40s, i think.
He's sitting in a chair, from which he couldn't stand; in a room which only has another chair, non-modified and a  table. No other visible entrances and exits appear to exist.

"Yes, and who might you be?" He asks in a menacing tone, most people would have cowered in terror, but iv'e been in this business too long to befall of this old trick
"None of your business, mind you" i reply in a monotone voice "Now, it appears, in your childhood, you have lied, stolen and murdered, as well as causing various riots for an unjust reason" to which he replied "yes, how do you know of such things?" 

I dismiss his question, barely holding in a smile, he doesn't know where he is, hell , he doesnt even know he's not voluntarily answering.
Yes, he answers after a whilr "but i have confessed to a priest and he has told me God forgives me"
"-And right after that, you changed to atheism"
"Well i wanted to leave a chance to be forgiven if i was wrong about my faith"

"So you say, so you say, now it appears that in your lifetime you have seized a peaceful country, italy, to be precise, and helped wage the seccond world war which has caused many atrocities, But you claim it is only to unite all nations and make a new world"
"Of course, it has been my dream. Sure i want some power on the side, but who doesnt. Speaking of power, who told you you could interrogate me."
"So you are sure you did no mortal sin before your death"
"Yes"
I take off my shades, stare at him and say " Mr. Mussolini, you are here to be examined, both in conscience and in action, before the Lord himself will pass judgement to you. I am your designated afterlife lawyer, tasked to check for obvious mortal sins. If you are ready to be judged, open the drawer, grab the jack-in-the-box, and wind it backwards 3 turns."
He grabs the drawer handle immediately. Who knew someone could be this excited to be judged?

All of a sudden, the walls open up like a cube, and the Lord God himself appears. "He has passed your judgement, i see."
"Yes, my lord, i had a very good reason to bring him"
God shrugs(waiwha) and i vaguely notice human like shapes appearing. Slightly disconcerned i continue

"Lord, i can confirm that he has confessed his mortal sins before causing World war two"
God sighs "But he caused world war two nonetheless, name a reason that i should continue listening"
"Remember genesis, even though Cain (in an earlier edit i wrote judas wow) murdered his brother, you left him with his life and a curse for anyone that crosses him and his offspring"

(After this i am just going to write in script format cause i find it easier)

God:" That was one murder, this is thousands"

Me:"It was for the Coprosperity sphere, which was not his idea to begin with. it still was to unite the world, not his fault the countries didn't accept and retaliated"

God:"But thats the point, FORCE was involved

Me:"in 1 kings, you didnt complain when David used force"

God:"..... touché, One last angle you need to explain though"
Mussolini:"Can i take part of thi-"

Me"Shut it! , moving on, religion should never be a probelm since in revalation , it states it wouldnt matter anyway because it only boils down to whether the souls accept you or not"

(Awkward silence while God decides his faith)

God:".....it is now time that i pass judgement, Benito Mussolini,  i hereby declare you-
(Dear reader, at first post i didnt have the guts to write this but now i think it fits for God to say-)
Allowed through the gates of heaven, after staying 2
(ERR0R: TRANSLATION EXISTENCE MATCHES ASH'S HITBOX, SKIPPING 0.25s OF TEXT) of time in purgatory. 

God: Afterlife lawyer __________, this trial has been planned to test if you have been a true and lawful lawyer. The results speak for themselves, well done.

Me: thank you.

God: i hereby adjourn this judgement.