"Still alive, huh?" That had become my wife's and my little joke. I shook my head  and smiled at her face poking in the kitchen doorway as I finished making coffee. "Yeah, sorry," I replied, "I know my coffee sucks." "Well, maybe your miracle doctor could fix that next," she grinned, slipping on her shoes to head off to work. "Yeah..." I said slowly. "Oh, come on," she said, pausing before turning to walk out the front door, "You're not still on that, are you?" 

"Me?" I said, forcing a laugh, "Nah, being alive when I thought I'd be dead is enough to think about. You know, a career, destiny, finding a fulfilling purpose, what I want for dinner later kinda stuff." "Okay..." she said, studying my face and clearly not convinced. "Babe," I said, "I was face to the floor drunk when I told you that. I don't think the doctor is adding years to my life by some magical means, okay?" "Uhhuh," she said, grabbing the thermos of coffee I was handing her. She took a sip and grimaced. "Yeah, yeah," I said, shooing her out.

Two hours later I was at the Doc's office. No, I hadn't told my wife about the appointment. No, I had no real reason to be here, because I wasn't damn sick or anything. Two years I should have been dead, yet two years I'd been a shining example of health. You might be thinking, why in the hell are you annoyed by this, like -sorry you survived a terminal illness against all odds and now get to live out your life? But it's stranger than that. My illness...was so rare, with no treatments known. My death sentence was real. And my doctor didn't mince words when he told me all of this two years ago. And yet, here I still am. And forgive me, but, I've been a little perturbed by it. And since he's the only doc I saw in that whole time, he's the one whose door I'm going to beat down for some answers.

Okay, I'm not beating down doors; his receptionist is sassy and abrasive as hell and would probably body check me if I tried. In fact, everytime I catch her eye from across the room when I'm nervously looking towards her crown of orange red frizz, I actually duck my head. So there I remained, sitting at the far corner seat of the empty waiting room. I was tapping my foot, not really seeing the yellowing pages of the open-faced magazine lying in my lap. I was too preoccupied with imagining my heroically sliding that pane of glass above her desk wide open and giving her a good yell, and damn it, she listened this time. Daydreams, amiright?

"Phil Jones?"

The raspy, deep voice of the charming receptionist came at me like a slap. I looked up from my musings and came to, seeing this hefty woman looking at me with all the distaste of a retired neighbor whose only love is her front lawn and her one scraggly pet. I looked around the room at all the people who weren't here, wondering why she had to announce my name 1) as loudly as she did, and 2) in the form of a question. But, all I did was sigh and stand up, "Yeah, that'd be me." She rolled her eyes and handed me my charts, "Room 2."

I walked down the narrow and small hallway that was tiled in a matte and dinged yellow, turning when I got to my assigned room. I opened the door, and was hit by the smell of sterility. I sat down on the exam table and waited, reminiscing one of my favorite Tom Segura bits as my feet swung awkwardly in the air like I was still five years old.

The door opened, "Well, well, Phil!" I looked up at my doctor, a gray haired and lean man with a slightly hollowed out face that still had the light pinkness of life in his cheeks. Closing the door, he pulled out his reading glasses and put them on, opening my charts to - refresh his memory, I guess. He was nodding now, anyway. "Still alive, huh?" I smiled thinly, "Yeah, that's my wife's line." He began to take my vitals - blood pressure, heartbeat, the like - all while chatting to me about his baseball team's abysmal season. Finally he stopped, pulled away, and asked me the question I'd been so nervous to ask, "Well, Phil, you're in great shape. What's brought you here today?" 

I hesitated, then said, "Well. THAT." He looked confused. So I went on, "That I'm in great shape. I mean damn it, look at these arms," I slapped them for effect, "I have normal shits. My blood work is perfect. My skin is no longer peeling off. My hair grew back. And yet, two years ago I sat in this very office and you told me I was going to die within months. And yet again, here I am, two years later, in this same office, the damn picture of health." I took a breath before diving into the heart of it, "Now, maybe an unexpected second shot at life makes people think weird shit, I don't know; this is my first go of it. But point is, I've been thinking some things. And I've just gotten it in my head that you - well...are you doing this? Are you giving me time or something?"

The doctor looked at me, slightly amused, but his brow contained just an iota of lifted concern. He sighed, "Phil, I..." He looked at me, "When did you start thinking this?" I frowned, "I don't know...maybe when I didn't die, but kept getting better instead? You're the only doctor I've seen, and the only treatments you gave me were to ease symptoms and pain until I was gone, not to cure it, because what I had was incurable. So? What else was I supposed to think?" The doctor shrugged, "Perhaps that there are still miracles." I stared at him. "Okay, okay," he said, lifting his hands in surrender and placing my charts to the side.

He sighed. He pulled up the chair against the wall, "Not everyone knows about this place." He paused, seeing my thoroughly non-entertained expression, "That is to say, not everyone can see it." I rolled my eyes, "Doc, if you're about to lay some Harry Potter muggle bullshit on me, I'm going to lose it." He shook his head, smiling slightly, "No, no wizards here I'm afraid." I looked at him curiously, almost suspiciously, "Not even you?" "A wizard? No, not a wizard," he said, then hesitated. I jumped, "What is it then, what is this?" 

He looked at me, considering, then began, "I took over this practice about 30 years ago now. From a Dr. Stoll - don't know if you know -" his voice stopped when he saw my face, "Okay, that's fair. Anyway, he was a respected doctor in a small community, even though he had only set up shop there for about five years. I had found it odd, because a man of his age normally has his space for twenty, thirty, at least. And I, young and ready for a private practice, heard he was getting ready to retire. Seeing that I could make this place my own, I hustled over and talked to him." 

"He looked at me - a big round face stuffed into spectacles, hunkering over his desk like a calm eagle - and said, 'You don't want this office.' Oh, how I argued with him, pleaded my case, showed countless resume bullet points and other nonsense I was sure would convince him. He kept shaking his head, repeating, 'No.' So I left. But I came back the next day, the next, the next. Finally, I pushed him to a point. He slammed down on his desk and said, 'Why?' And I told him nothing like what I had told him before. About healing, how much healing made me feel full. To save a life, no matter how small it may seem, was what I was born on this earth to do. I stated my case, I bared my soul. I was humbled. And this time, he listened. And then he said - come back tomorrow. 'But-' I said, and he silenced me in one look, 'Come back tomorrow.'"

"I was there before anyone else was, waiting outside the locked door with a coffee and shivering slightly in the coolness of an autumn morning. He arrived as if out of a mist, tall and big bellied with his shoes clacking on the stone of the street - or perhaps I was seeing things, I don't know. Anyway, for the next year I worked here with him, an apprentice, if you will -"

"Apprentice?" I asked, baffled, "But you were already a doctor."

"Yes," he said, smiling sadly, "But these walls....this place..." he paused. "This place is no ordinary building, and I had to learn its ways." I stared at him, "What, the wiring?" "Sure," he said, grinning faintly, "Something like that. You see, what I learned in those years was that this building is never in the same place - it only appears to those who need to see it. In fact, one could argue this place doesn't even exist at all. Only proof is thousands of saved lives, really, and once they are cured and have no more questions, we vanish forever in their eyes." 

"What?" I said, ready to pinch myself. "But what if a person is sick for years?"

"Then we would still be there, in their eyes, but," he chuckled, "People don't stay sick that long here." I stared at him. He went on, "I don't know exactly how long this place has existed, in fact, Dr. Stoll didn't know either; he inherited from someone, and so on like that all the way back to its birth. Perhaps it existed even before us, before human life. But someone was able to channel it, box it in, and become a place where the most needing, deathly ill people can be cured."

I was still staring at him, "I don't know what's going on anymore. What day is it?" He smiled, "Well, if you still need us, come back tomorrow."

I went home in a daze, staggered off to bed early, mind flush with all the words Doc had filled it with. I woke up the next morning, early, waiting around anxiously in the cold kitchen until I could slam out the door and race over to his office. "No way," I was thinking the whole time, "No way." I hummed along the streets and turned the corner onto his street. I slowed slightly, not sure what I was about to see, or perhaps, never see again. And there, my brakes squeaked to a halt.

The building was gone.