“They are primitives but that does not mean you should have underestimated them. Did you know what you were doing? Did you know what you were looking at? How can you just ignore your training so blatantly? Someone find the off switch, I can’t stand one more repeat of this song.”

“I am sorry Eldest One, I should have realised the link was too good to be true. I will find sound retardant plugs for you.” The junior bowed and scraped in fear of reprisal. 

“There seemed to be a lot of comments attached to the end of that file. You should have checked before you let it start playing. If you memorised this information from your Earth customs class you should have known to check for advertising for this piece of music. See, there under the like/dislike option.”

“I am sorry Senior, I did learn that but I forgot. I was too excited by the discovery of this new species.”


“To avoid such a mistake in future you must follow the protocols and use a tested pathway.”


“It was so interesting, I was completely distracted Senior. I am in great sorrow for my mistake.”

“Well there is no point allowing frustration to dictate our actions. Becoming angry is a waste of energy. Junior Colleague you must find an answer to this dilemma. None of us can think clearly with that song playing over and over and over again.”

“Yes, Junior Colleague, you are now in charge of fixing this. We shall retire to our ship and await your return in relative peace and quiet.”

“Never gonna give you up… mmm mmm mm mmm mmm, never gonna run around and  mmm mmm” Junior hummed quietly as he worked his way through the problem of being Rick Rolled by an entire planet. He rapidly inputted information to the ancient computer on the Earthling vessel, Voyager. He flicked switches and added a booster circuit. He updated some of the programs and rewired a few obsolete parts. Happily humming to himself in time to the repeating tune.

“I don’t mind this piece of music but it has been annoying trying to get it to stop. Mmmm gonna say goodbye…mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm and mmm mmm. I think Earthing’s need a large return of their own practical jokes.”

The music in Voyager ceased abruptly. Junior pressed a button. Every satellite surrounding Earth received the signal and beamed it into every radio, tv, phone and computer network. It would take their best minds to switch it off.

Junior felt a glow of pleasure and returned to the mother ship.

“Earth you have been RickRolled!”
