I fall to muddy and bloodied ground, with a painful ringing in my eardrums. I see a bright light and a hand reach out of it to grab me, I take her hand.

I’m soon lifted through the air by that hand, further, further, and further. I see he horrifying battle below me, the men dying, the brain-rattling explosions. I can only look up to avoid such horrors.

I feel myself reach the clouds, when I look down again I only see heavenly lights. An angel before me confronts me.

“Your name?” The angel asks me, at first, I’m confused, I didn’t expect this to what heavens like.

“Alexander Brown.” I stutter a bit, the Golden heavenly gates and glows, and the angel before me are far too much to take at once.

“Age?”

“40.”

“Living and dead relatives.”

“1 sister and 1 brother 1 father, I never knew my mother.”

“Hm. It appears you are the 100 billionth person to die. Special treatment is in order.” The angel explains happily.

“What kind of treatment?” I ponder curiously, not only am I being confronted with the after life, but something even more special.

“I will allow you to reverse any decision you’ve ever made!” The angel proclaims to me.

“Wow. That’s...” All the possibilities rushed before me. So many ideas entered my head. Entering the military that got me killed in the first place, divorcing the woman I loved with all my heart. 

I’ve made so many mistakes and incorrect choices, I couldn’t think of a single good one.

The angel pulled out a large book filled with a play-by-play retelling of my life.

I flipped to page 1367, I was 25 years old. Paragraph 2.

The angel snapped his fingers and I was transported to that period of time where we could view what happened.

I was at the movie theater with my girlfriend, We got our popcorn and soda, the cashier said "Enjoy your movie!” My younger self responded without thinking...

“You too.” He said happily, my older, battle-hardened self felt the painC, anxiety and cringe set in.

I began to cry. The angel turned to me, confused as ever.

“Seriously.” The angel chuckled, as I sobbed there.

“Fix. It.” With the snap of his fingers, the angel reversed those horrible words I said that day.

“You too.”