My eyes opened slowly.. The light were so dim, I almost couldn't see. On my left I see . . . Myself ?

I immediately try to get on my feet but I barely manage to move my legs, my body feels like it's made out of cotton. The me I was facing was horrified. 

"Holly shit dude, you fucked up big times." 

I start to wake up a bit and realize I am in a theater, with about a third of the siege taken by person looking exactly at me and looking horrified by me. One of them at the front row gets up and goes in front of the huge screen, on which the image of my desk on which I was working, wait ! When was that ?! Hey, that document is the one I was working on before.. before what ?! 

The me before the screen start speaking into a microphone, while still looking at me.

"-Well... hum... That was a fucking shitshow... I don't think anyone actually liked it, so we'll probably cut short the comments and speed to the next one.. Is that o-."

"-Hey fucker ! It's not because you're a pussy that we can't speak about it ! It was G L O R I O U S.." One of the me 2 rows in front of me turns around and start to congratulate me. "Really dude, it was awesome, we weren't sure about your choice of creating a TV show but it worked sooooo well.."

"- Ok we get it Genghis, you liked it, we get it... Now can we-" The first me tries to take back the lead of the conversation. 

"- No, seriously it is worth talking about, no ?!" A me with a German accent cuts the first me. "Honestly he did even better than me !"

"- Yeah no, shut up, perhaps we should try to move faster now, no ? Because the resurrection might start to get overfilled now..."

I finally manage to speak, although in a very weird voice "What the fuck is going on ?!" Everyone turns back to me, and the German answers with a grin "Oh yeah, bad news, you're dead. Good news is, you'll take a shitload of people with you." 

"-Wh-What ? What happened ?"

"- You don't remember ? You launched a nuke on North Korea before being shot by a sniper ! None saw it coming, what a twist !"

The first me to speak clears his throat "Yeah, and that's why we need to hurry to be reborn, or we might have to wait a loooong time.. Okay guys ? We'll discus it later during the youth alright ?" 
Everyone more or less agreed and the screen color changed to red and black.