I’ve seen this happen before. It’s always the long dead files resurrected that do the greatest damage. I never expected myself to be a missing person but then again it doesn’t surprise me either. When working on the beat I made a name for myself as the black dog. I was the law plain and simple. I never saw myself as being anything else. Admittingly, before I joined the force and committed myself to a life of justice I was a nobody, an empty shell. a man without a path, no place to belong, no sense of purpose. An incomplete human being until one day I saw a robbery where the burglar split an old women’s head wide open as if it were a melon in broad daylight with a retractable machete in the middle of the city because she wouldn’t give him her purse. The cops on beat chased the suspect for hours and eventually behind a bridge, cornering the suspect against the side of a Costco.

I followed the carnage, watched the shoot out until the suspect was bag and tagged in the name of justice with such elite professionalism and craftmanship that I was awe-inspired. I knew my calling and ever since that day I wanted to protect the innocent from scum like him. I became the best cop on the force. Numerous times I have been asked to become a detective, chief of police and hell even mayor. Each time I said “No”. With each rejection I gave, I grew more motivated to excel at my profession and clean this city’s streets from tyranny. I have been shot, stabbed and set on fire. I have been in block wars, lived through triad assassinations and attempts to poison my food within my own precinct cafeteria and with each attempt on my life, I have become more determined and driven to enforce the law. I want nothing more than to rip and tear a path through corruption for justice to shine down on the good citizens of this city.

To tell you the truth. I am glad I picked up the cold case. I have been waiting too long to get my hands on something really good, something really evil, to find an excuse to deliver cold justice and this time I’ve hit the lottery, this time it’s personal.

“Profile of John Watkins abductor of 3-year-old me. Time to pay the penalty for kidnapping”. As I put on my Kevlar knuckle gloves, dawn my dragon plated bullet proof vest, fasten my blades to the side of my belt and lace my polished academy custom issue combat boots I pull out my .45 and whisper gently into her ears, “ Not today, this is personal” and gently set her back into her cage and lock her in. I open the safe above her pulling out my “Law Enforcer” the Smith and Wesson .500. I tell her to ”Make daddy proud ”. You know, I think I’m really gonna have blast. Like I said, its cold cases that do the most damage.