It took me a while before I knew what it was. I was always a nosy child, and I wanted my parents to notice me. Every time my fingers touched their shoulders, they'd look over at me. No fail. I'd always assume that they loved me enough that they'd look at me whenever I did that. Irritated, my mother told me to stop touching her shoulders. Long story short, I admitted to my mother that I did this with others. She took me to the family doctor on my next checkup and before it was finished, she took the doctor aside and attempted to explain the situation without sounding like insane. To convince him, my mother had me tap her shoulders in front of the doctor. Curios, the doctor had me tap his shoulders. To no surprise, he turned around on the spot. Curious, he had other patients tested. Each one turned without hesitation. I can still remember the frantic conversations the doctor and my mother had. It was then I felt I had something special.

Now, it just seems like a cool party trick. Something you could do to prank someone or an easy way to get their attention. But there was always a burning question in my mind: what would happen if I tapped both shoulders? I thought about it for some time, however I was too fearful.

One night, however, I was taking the taxi home. When the taxi arrived, the driver asked where I wanted to go, and we left. However, the driver began making strange detours and I began to object. I repeatedly asked the man to stop but he refused. When I lunged for the door, he swerved violently. "I wouldn't do that, Mr. Key." I realised that both my phone and wallet were gone.

We arrived at an abandoned mall. He parked the car and turned off the ignition. He grabbed something from the glove department, got out of the vehicle, and gestured me to leave. We walked into the mall: a decent looking mall although there were no lights. He led me to the food court where a chair was waiting. 'Sit," he ordered. I sat. He sat down beside me. He wasn't close enough for a lunge but if I could just tempt him closer. "Password," he asked. "7591," I responded. He unlocked my phone and was surfing through it. Just then, I lunged for the man. I sort of tripped and ended up stabilising myself by placing both hands on his shoulders. He began to shake violently, frothing at the mouth. Spooked, I jumped back before he fell onto the floor. I slowly walked towards the man, reaching and grabbing for my phone. He had no external injuries but he wasn't breathing nor his heart was beating. I grabbed the keys from his pocket and left the mall. In his glove compartment was the wallets of other individuals he has stolen from, most likely deceased. I stared back at the mall for a second before departing.

I could never get the images, the feelings out of my head. I felt almost obliged never to use my powers, and I never really did. I was able, however, to track down all the people and returned the wallets to them, console them of the death of the kidnapper. ~~At least, out of this tragedy, some good.~~ I can still hear the cries as I held their loved ones. Their hope makes me feel that I've done something right. That my powers weren't destructive, that I hadn't killed someone out of spite. Out of their hope I can at least find some consolation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT: Wow. My first "popular" post. Thx.

EDIT 2: Changed the shitty ending.

EDIT 3: Added better logic for the discovery of superpower. Thanks u/KenLinx