Thirty years is the perfect amount of time. It's just basic statistics.

I only play in the big leagues, and over 90% of A-list heroes are between the ages of 30 and 40. Younger than that, and they probably don't have the experience to be of any interest to me. Older than that... doesn't exist. Superheroing is not a career path with a pension and a retirement plan.

It would have been easy to build the Lethe Beam 5000 with a variety of settings, but settings cause more problems than they solve in my line of work. If you have settings, heroes *will* get their hands on your tech, and they *will* find a way to hack them, or reverse the polarity or use the "undo" feature. No. No settings - the Lethe Beam 5000 does only one thing and it does it well.

"Uh, mister. Where are we? I'm scared."

I looked at my latest nemesis. Atomwoman had been a thorn in my side for four months now. The new record. But no more.

"There's no need to be afraid," I said trying to hold back laughter. The difference was night and day - she no longer stood with a confidence forged in a crucible of loss and perserverance. She was just a scared little girl now - all the artifice was stripped away. "This place isn't safe. Why don't you take my hand and I can help you find your mommy."

"Uh... my mommy said I shouldn't go anywhere with strangers," Atomwoman said uncertainly.

"Well now I'm hurt!" I did my best to look it. "I'm not a stranger, little Emma. I'm good friends with your mommy, Diane. I can help you get out of here and get to safety."

Atomwoman looked at the rubble around her. The floor was covered in dust, bits of metal and glass. A small fire was creeping in from the corner. She had certainly done a number on my lair, but she would be a thorn in my side no longer. She took my hand and I helped her to her feet.

"That's a pretty bracelet you have, can I look at it?" I said. This last part required finesse.

She looked down surprised. "I don't 'member getting this bracelet..." she said as she extended her arm.

I pressed the button on her Atom Morpher, and there was a flash of light. Now Atomwoman was back in her civilian clothes, as her secret identity: Emma Eden, reporter for the Beacon Herald. I admired the bracelet - it was a shame she had put such a brilliant mind towards the futile cause of good, she would have made an excellent sidekick.

Now was the boring part - I could just kill her on the spot, but I allow a small amount of sentimentality for a worthy nemesis. No, I would take her back to her work and let them discover her there. What happened after that was not of my concern.

I took off my lab coat, and put on a trenchcoat. "Hey, we're both playing dress up. Isn't that fun? Now lets go find your mommy."

I led the timid former hero to the elevator, and we were soon on the street. This lair was within walking distance of her work - "keep your friends close..." and all that. No one paid us any mind as I lead her through the crowds of people. As we were walking, we passed by an old homeless man with his hat on the ground for donations, and a large grey dog at his side.

Atomwoman, no... Emma was quite excited to see the dog. She ran up to the old man, bumping into me and sending the Lethe Beam 5000 clattering to the ground.

"Can I please pet your dog mister?" Emma said excitedly.

The old man looked up and smiled at her, half his teeth missing. "Eh, sure missy. Ol' Rex here loves to be pet."

Meanwhile, I was scrambling between people's legs trying to get the Lethe Beam 5000 back. A man kicked it a few feet away and I lunged to grab it. A green beam shot out in a random direction. Oh, crap - hopefully nobody was paying attention. I pocketed the device, and made my way back to Emma who was still petting the dog. I grabbed her hand roughly and started pulling her with me.

"You've been a very bad girl, Emma. We'll never find your mommy if you keep causing scenes like-" I stopped as I felt a vicelike grip on my arm. It couldn't be - Atomwoman was a tech hero. She only had super strength when her Atom Morpher was active.

"In the name of justice. Unhand this citizen, you cur. Sunman is here to save the day!" the old man seemed to have an aura about him - even with half his teeth missing and his rail-thin figure it felt like his presence filled the sidewalk.

"It can't be - Sunman died years ago," I blabbered. "The Imp killed him - there's video."

"Ha! The Imp get the best of me? What a fanciful thought. No, I'm afraid I'm very alive. And if my sunsenses aren't lying to me, and they never do, you're going to be spending a long time in prison."

I had only one chance. With my free hand I reached for my Lethe Beam 5000, but he was too fast. He crushed it and proceeded to tie me with his sunbeam cuffs. He picked me up, and started flying towards the police station. I couldn't help but smile. I now had a new nemesis. Hopefully, the great and mighty Sunman would prove more of a challenge than the heroes who came before.