Let me tell you why immortality is a terrible, terrible thing.

When Jesus came to me that one fateful day, I was, well, overjoyed. And as the years went by, I believed that the gift I had was a miracle. Over time, I saw many of my loved ones, friends, and family simply wither away. I was saddened, and I grieved for my loved ones, but I had to move on. And yet, still, I believed that Jesus had given me a gift, a miracle that I had to use to guide future generations along the right path. 

Oh, how, how wrong I was.

Two thousand years. That's how long it has been. That's a very, very long time. And things... *happen* when you are two thousand years old. You see, the true horror of being immortal isn't the fact that you watch people die. Who cares about that? They were destined to die, and you were not. That is how it is, and you get over it, no matter how saddening it is.

No, the true terror of living forever is what happens to *you*. It is not... pleasant. It's Hell. No, not Hell. It is so much worse.

I vaguely recall the first time when the symptoms occurred, roughly 2 centuries after my gift was bestowed upon me. It was nothing huge. Occasionally parts of my skin would grow flaky, and I would have occasional memory loss. I took no heed of it. 

Centuries later, the effects got much worse. At this point, my body was practically decaying away. You see, I learned a painful lesson. Nothing survives forever. Immortality or no, I was still human. And any human body will eventually break down under the stress of function. I was practically a walking zombie. I was naturally isolated from anybody I met. I vaguely recall several events during this time period. It's hard to tell when you've lived this long in my... state.

Eventually, simple functions like walking, eating, and sleeping became impossible. I simply layed there, somewhat aware of what was going on around me. As the years passed, I became but a skeleton, and even that was slowly but surely decaying, and eventually there would be nothing of me left. My body was moved around over the years. I was mostly intact, but some bones did scatter, like one of the sides of my ribs and parts of my arms and legs.

But then there's the worst part.

You see, the Lord thought it prudent that I still have an intact mind as the years passed. So, I still have a brain, if this passes for one. Like the rest of my body, my brain slowly but surely decayed, only truly surviving in any form because of the "miracles" of Jesus. 

I don't know when it started. Maybe a hundred years after I became a corpse, maybe a thousand. But my mind tended itself apart piece by piece. For the first hundred years, I prayed. The next hundred, I admit, I did talk to myself, at least in my mind. But the next hundred? That was so much worse. I heard voices, just voices. At first, I thought that it was some external thing trying to get into my mind. A Demon, a servant of Hell, perhaps? But I soon realized that this was not the case. Those were *my* voices, *my* thoughts, *my* reality.

I was going insane. Very, very insane.

And it did not stop there. The voices soon dominated every fiber of my being. I did not know which was which, only that they existed and that they were me. They were loud, and quiet, and soft, and rough, and everything in between. At this point, my mental state was so scarred and broken that calling me hopelessly insane was generous. 

And then, one day, the voices stopped. 

They just stopped. No more voices, no more insanity. But the voices were not the only thing to stop. Before, I could at least feel my mental state. But now I could *feel* nothing. My Brain still existed, shrunken as it was. But it had lost function, ceased to experience at as it should. I could not think. I could not feel. There was just nothing. And this would continue for... how long? I do not know.

Do you know who I am now?

Yes.

My name is Lazarus.

...

Of course, that was a lie.

In the time I have spoken to you, I have told only two lies. The first lie is that I am Lazarus. The second lie is the way l have told the story itself. You see, Lazarus's brain still exists, and still functions thanks to immortality. But he cannot think. His mind is but a blank slate, existing only for the right to exist. An accurate term for him would be brain dead. He's in that casket right there, picked up and taken in here so that his bones may be preserved.

As such, Lazarus cannot tell his own story. I must speak for Lazarus, because he is unable to speak for himself. It is quite sad, isn't it?

Have you heard of *The Hollow Men* by T.S. Eliot? It says that those hollow people are far worse than the heroes and villains because they do nothing. Good old Lazarus is the spitting image of a Hollow Man. He lives in an abyss far worse than Heaven or Hell. At least those in Hell can live in agony, while those in Heaven can live in bliss. Lazarus does not *feel anything.* His existence is truly worthless. I truly do pity Lazarus.




So please, don't speak of immortality to me again.