The last rays of sunlight ricocheted off my empty glass. Rainbows danced across the small dew drops that were left along the inner ridges. Warmth radiated upwards from my stomach, manifesting itself as an unconscious grin on my face. “Sara! Fill me up with some more Scotch!”.

She turned to face me, a beautiful smile spread across her freckled cheeks. Her auburn hair fell to cover the left side of her face as she made her way over to my seat. “Marco, you know you don’t have to stay here while I clean up.”

“I know. But I’ve got nothing better to do.” And it was true. I had spent my entire life exploring the world. From the great Mongol empire, to the smallest islands off the coast of Australia, I had seen it all. I had watched the world grow. I watched as society developed, as tribes became colonies and colonies became countries. I watched as humanity made its mark on the world, through war and pollution. I stood by helplessly as beautiful landscapes were torn down, replaced by towering cities and lifeless factories. I even watched as humanity turned against itself, as nations warred and races fought. I was an observer, and through it all I had become hard. I drifted from country to country, an aimless wanderer angry with the world. Until I returned home a few years ago.

The smell of dirty seawater drifted through the air, yet I failed to notice. After living in the city for so long, the stench faded into the background. The moonlight glanced off the water’s edge, dancing through the ripples that formed from the hundreds of gondolas that waded through the waterways. Summer had brought thousands of tourists to our city, crowding our streets and shops. But I didn’t mind, for I had been a tourist my entire life. We walked onto a small bridge that separated the bar from our cozy apartment. “Do you remember when we met here Marco? It feels like ages ago.” Of course, I remembered. It had only been a few years, and time had flown so freely since then. I wrapped my arms around her and planted a kiss on her fiery scalp, her hair leaving the taste of lavender in my mouth.

“Marco look!” she pointed down at our reflection to singular hair on my head. A bright white strand contaminated my otherwise jet-black locks. “You’re growing old,” she teased me. I looked at her and smiled. “I guess I finally am.”
	
