“Alex” she whispered softly.

 “Alex”, she said again with a slight nudge. 

I open my eyes and see and take in the room around me. 

“Where am I?” I said in a soft whisper. 

“Where are you?” she snapped quickly, “what do you mean where are you? Are you alright?”.
 
I quickly sprung to my feet. I could feel the morning breeze through the window. I ran to the mirror on the wall and saw my reflection. Who am I? How did I get here? Who’s life is this? Alex, that is the one thing that I am sure of. Alex. Alex. Why can I only remember this name? 

“You’re acting really strange hun.”

 Hun? Who is this woman? I put on pants and made a beeline for the door. I emerged into an enormous hallway with the sun beaming in from the windows that lined the corridor. I saw a set of stairs and made my way hastily toward them. I barreled down the stairs and heard the soft pitter patter of steps behind me. Is that a dog? Jeez thats a dog? I have a dog. Check. 

I barrel into the kitchen, In front of me stood a slender girl of red hair. She threw her arms around me and exclaimed “Father! where have you been? Where are we? Where is mother?” 

Shit. I have a family and I can’t even remember who they fucking are. Why is this happening? Where am I? I looked her in the eyes and tried to get a glimpse of anything that I could remember, if this was my daughter why did she have red hair? The woman in bed was blonde and my reflection showed a tall dark haired man. What I saw in her eyes was a look of true pain. The pain you can only feel when you’ve been betrayed by someone you love. 

She said “You have done it again haven’t you?” 

“Done what?” I exclaimed.

 Finally someone was going to give me an answer. 

She screamed “I can’t believe you!” as she pounded on my chest with both hands.

“What! What?” I screamed back. 

“You’re always trying to leave her, she always gets her way back to you and you always end up leaving her!” 

“Who the fuck is her?” 

“Mom! You use your fucking memories of her to create a spell for a new life and they always drag me with you, you don’t remember but I do!” 

Magic, what the fuck. 

“I have a wife?” 

“Yes! You have a wife and a daughter and a beautiful home. You go out and sell your memories to do magic tricks for pretty girls. When you get desperate you sell your memories and use a wishing spell to create a new life for yourself and leave mom behind, but you always drag me with you because you can’t leave me alone.”

“Where is she?”

“Don’t worry she will be coming for you, it always ends the same.”

I heard the creak of a door opening. I turned around to find a tall slender woman with her head aflame burst into the room. Before I could move she produced a large silver knife and buried it square in my chest. 

As I lay bleeding, she muttered something that sounded like an incantation. Followed by a soft but distinct “Alex”

“Alex” 
“Alex” 

I awake in my bed, next to a woman with red hair. 