"Come on Boba stop pulling and walk nice, it's just a rabbit you don't need to hunt it" I grumble as Boba the pet; a large shepard mix, tries his best to dislocate my shoulder in pursuit of Bambi's best friend. 

"From the realm of chaos, disease and war I summon you. Spawn of warriors past. Dark master of beasts. I bid you to serve my will" 

I look down from the disembodied voice from the sky in time to see a cloud of smoke surround an eight foot area around me. As the vortex subsides I find myself in an 8 foot ring of candles. Boba quickly addresses the situation, filling the cavernous basement with a cacophony of barks.

"Boba chill out, you're only hurting my ears with that racket." Boba's ears flop down and he continues in a low growl.

"I am amazed at my own power, I did not expect a demon and a dire beast. Truly I am to be the most powerful of my clan." I flinch at the shrill voice behind me. As I look upon the source the only words I can come up with are...well I can't really say. What I was thinking was pretty rapidly lost, I think my brain broke for a few minutes.

Looking back at me was clearly a real sentient creature but it did not seem to make sense. How and why would a demon; with the signature horns and all, call me a demon. 

"What are you talking about demon, you're the demon. Jesus Christ, did someone run me over, am I dead. I mean hell would not be that surprising for me, but why my dog...don't they all go to heaven? Boba are you a heathen? What the hell man did I get dragged here because of you? Was it premarital sex? I bet that's what it was, or was it masturbating, did god get one to many looks at the one hand snake charming?" As I continued to blurt questions, Beelzebub's knock off cousin stood there trying to get a word in around my non-sense tirade. Firmly slamming my left fist into my right palm "I got it! It's because I did yoga isn't it? Well shit, I guess downward dog got us both eh Boba? Sorry buddy. Anyways sorry to keep you standing there mister devil, please feel free to take me to the pit and poke me with your pitchfork or whatever, not like I can stop you."

"....You're...you're not in hell. I just summoned you from there..."

"Fuck off...Earth isn't hell. It's got a blue sky and birds that tweet and ice cream and shit." Boba takes the opportunity to cease growling and proceed to hide behind my legs like the Scooby Doo coward that he is. "Come on Boba he's not that bad, look friends." As I move to edge of the circle and extend my hand and touch the demon. "See friends" To which Boba bounds around to sniff the base of the demon's tail.

"Ahh, the barrier! How did you and the beast break it?!" The demon sorcerer runs across the room to a stairway I had not really paid much attention to until now.

"Whoa whoa settle down man, don't go summoning the dark lord just because I knocked over a candle. You still haven't told me where I am, or how I died"

"Y...y..you're not gonna kill me and cut me open for offending you?" The demon shook and huddled down in much the way a school boy would in front an abusive parent. 

"Look man I was just walking my dog and now I am in what I am assuming is hell or purgatory as I must have died. I just want answers."

With a straightening of it's spine the demon seemed to take a measure of confidence in my tone. "I told you when I summoned you from hell, I need a demon warrior that is a master of beasts to help me."

"Why do you keep saying you summoned me?" It flicks it's wrist in a loose semi circular motion in the direction of the floor behind me. I glance at the ring of candles (a few of which are notably broken and scattered) and the chalk lines on the floor "...Ok but magic isn't real...and you're a demon..so why would you call me a demon when you are the one with the red skin and horns?" 

"My name is Tay, I am a sorcerer tasked with saving our kind from the onslaught of the Predators. You are from the Earth realm, the world of war and beast masters. You must be a demon to come from that realm and to be called here by my spell scroll you must be particularly powered and wise in the mastery of beasts. Especially considering the only you have tied to your waist." With another indicating point in the direction of Boba who has now taken to attempting to eat one of the snuffed out candles.

"Ahh BOBA! NO, DON'T EAT THAT!!" I bark the words, at his big golden face as he drops the candles with a defeated whine "Good boy. Now come over here and lay down" 

Tay, once again recoiled against the stairs, looks at me with it's red eyes shining with tears. "You see, so easily you master such a viciously powerful creature."

"..Boba ain't vicious man, he is basically a large furry potato with a noise box inside. Any way do you have a picture of these predators you want me to master to see if this is something that is even possible." 

"I can show you a vision of them now through an orb." Tay produces a large glass orb from behind his back and it fills with an image.

"...You're joking right?"

"No these creatures have terrorised us for many moons now, they jump our fortified walls and destroy crops in a night. Our mightiest warriors have not pierced their hides with any weapons or magics."

"Dude...those are some fucking huge chinchillas! Please let me ride one!"