Friday March 23, 2001,  I was ten years old, i saw a younger child longing for a ride on the swing before recess I decided I have had enough, and clearly they wanted it more so I get up.

"ONE" I hear clear as day, but its loud I'm surrounded by children, and of course I'm ten, I think nothing of it.

So I carry on with my day, a new girl in school, Kayla, is  without a pencil, so I offer her one of mine, more loudly now I hear
"One hundred and forty five, good work Jay"
"What?" I reply, ears ringing, so I dont do so quietly.
 The class just kind of shuffled ignoring my outburst. This is when I remember back on the playground, was it the same voice? No,no I was tired, Mom alway says I get weird when I'm tired, whatever that means.

This carried on for months and then years, I would kick a rock, a voice would call out an obscure number, I mostly ignored it. My weird brain numbers, I didn't think much of it, until one day, around the time I was 16, I had logged into MSN messenger, popular at the time, and with each ",hey", or "what's up" message I sent I heard the familiar voice boom.
"One" 
"One" it boomed again. 
"ONE" even louder this time. 

"Why is this happening to me!" I cried, ears splitting with pain.

"We thought you would never ask" the voice responds, softly, almost melodic, "where the hell has this voice been" I think to myself.

"We? Who is we? I hear the same voice over and over all day long, why are you doing this to me" I'm crying,  it's not fear, but happiness. 

" your actions set motion to the life around you, you Jay are a life guide, your actions directly impact the decisions  of others in a positive way Jay, and your mission is to save the world" I hear these words and I know the voice is gone the ringing has stopped and any other questions have gone answer less. 

So here I am 11 years later, mostly the numbers have been small, only occasionally reaching into the hundreds once or twice thousand.  One time I went to the bathroom to let out a pretty bad fart and was greeted with a whopping twenty five thousand, who knew?

Today tho it was different, today at subway, a place I eat at quite frequently out if conveince, and it's close proximity to work, I order a veggie sub on Italian herbs and cheese, when I'm hit with the numbers. I cry out in pain, this is a loud one, I drop my sandwich, I had barley finished paying, the familiar ring sounds more like my ears are made out if fire alarms,

"Five billion people Jay, you're mission is complete. You've saved the world". 



