It's been nearly two millennia since I have relinquished my post.

Us deities get our powers from those who believe in them, you see. We may live forever and would not age, and more of us will exist as people continue to make their gods—they simply cannot comprehend the power of words that they possess—our powers are ultimately set by the same words, meaning, what did they describe us for? How powerfully were we described? Are we to oversee the entire known universe, or the house of Bob Parker, a lunatic that made up and worshiped his personal Jesus, as one may say?  It would also depend on how many people believe and worship us; even with the same powers described in words, the more people believe us deities, more realized our powers will be.  On Earth today, therefore, The God reigns supreme, followed in distant close by Jesus.

Me, I'm but a retired deity. My days of duties were in the realm between living and the dead; I had a river named after me. Heroes sought me for power. Epic tales of ancient times were at least partly based on the truth, often beyond what our powers would allow to affect the mortal world. Then Romans came, took the river named after me, and left me behind. That won't be the last time the river regained its power; apparently the River Styx had better appeal than Goddess Styx.

But I must admit: my retirement was more peaceful than most. Zeus begat a doppelganger equal in power and backstory, and behind the scenes, things got nasty—and with the fall of the Greeks, so went Zeus.

It's not entirely quiet, though. Sometimes there are some stragglers come by and ask for my assistance. Most, if not all, are history buffs or kids who somehow stumbled upon the stories of my glory days. Unfortunately, it's usually about my son dying by the arrow to the heel.

Today was no exception. I was vacuuming my house when a prayer came. Couldn't make it out too well. I've been around for thousands of years and amassed great power; out of curiosity and on a whim, I decided to answer.

"What is it that you wish, my child?" I asked as I looked around.

It was a library. Bright fluorescent light shone above on the ceiling. My eyes met  the incredulous eyes of the summoner—a 6th grader named Terri Lord.

He stammered. "W—who are you?"

I decided to humor the kid a bit. "I am Styx, goddess of boundary between life and death; daughter of Tethys and Oceanus; and mother of many proud deities of the past. I decided to grace you with my presence. What is it you need?"

"Um, I just needed help with some homework. We're learning about Greek mythology, and it's pretty hard for me to learn."

"So you decided the best way to learn is actually pray to the Greek gods?"

"Yes."

"And you couldn't find someone better? Athena is pretty free nowadays too, you know. You could get a hold of most of them if you prayed to them, actually."

"I...I tried her first."

I sighed. "Sure you did. Well, I don't have anything better to do nowadays anyway. What do you need to know?"

Goddess of wisdom I am not, but this much... I could do.