The Prison is managed by scientists, not wardens, if the term is still in use. Every prisoners has a mark on their forehead, and scientists study them like lab rats. The downside of this is that sometimes scientists find a certain situation 'interesting' and hid it from us in case we might interfere.

They were not wrong, though. HQ was pretty pissed. And so, it was my mission to end the old man's life. I was only given a hint of what was going on. But the pieces had begun to show.

Upon arrival, I was greeted by a young boy, who told me that his Master was teaching a class on electronic. Knowledge was power, and power in the hands of those degenerates could only mean trouble.

It was 15 minutes more until class was over.

"I'm surprised these skinheads could spell electronic." - I mumbled under my breath.

"Hmm, did you just say something?" - the young boy didn't seem to have heard me.

"I was wondering if he taught anything other than electronic."

"Well, anything somebody got any interest in. Maths, physics, chemistry,... But mostly it's religion."

"Religion?"

"Yeah, most prisoners belong to a religion or another. Catholism, Muslism, Buddhism,... You name it." - he said with great enthusiasm - "Do you believe in God? Gods? Some kind of Almighty Being? You know, there are some people who don't belong to any existing religions but still believe in a sentinent being that governs the universe. They aren't called atheist but--"

"I believe in Law and Order," - I cut the boy off - "Not in the products of imagination."

"To some extent, Law and Order are the products of imagination."

"The products of great minds trying to create a fair system of justice, not the arbitrary rules of decent storytellers."

"As long as they are humans, it'll be arbitrary."

"It appeared that class is over." - it's no use trying to reason with people of that boy's level. To go into the Prison at such a young age, he must be one hell of a scum.

The file said that the man was 58, but in reality he looked much older. This gave him the illusion of being a wise one, though. He noticed that I was coming his way. Understandable, for I bore no Prisoner's Mark on my forehead.

It's good to get the preemptive strike.

"Colly Graham, Federal Agent." - I extended hand.

He got a firm grip.

"Daniel Dwayne," - he gave a big smile - "prisoner."

Before I could say anything, he had turned to the young boy.

"Rick, we'll be at the hill. Prepare for me a black coffee, two spoons of sugar, for this man here a cup of lemonade with ice."

"Lemonade with ice?" - the boy said with a confused look.

"Yes." - he nodded, on his face still a great smile.

"Isn't it rude to decide what your guest will have?" - I asked after the boy had left. Still, I wouldn't take a sip of anything they gave me.

"Shall we?" - he gestured toward a hill in front of us - "You'd be able to see everything from there."

The man moved at his own pace. It made me uneasy.

"HQ hears of what you're doing" - I said - "And they're not happy with it."

"I believe it's common for prisoners to go back into prison. You can't blame them, really. I mean, how do you expect them to live like normal people, especially when they have the mark on their head? Once an outcast, it's hard to go back."

"Don't play dumb. We know what you're trying to do. You're trying to break out of the Prison. No, you're trying to release all of the prisoners. There has never been this level of unity before."

"Unity means less violence, no? Isn't that a good thing? I can assure you nobody is trying to break out of anywhere."

"You can't fool me. It's all your scums can think of. Your kinds... I've met you lot many time on the outside. Now, tell me your plan and we can come to an agreement."

"You must have met them before they were here, then. There is no plan, Agent Colly."

We arrived on top of the hill. I grabbed him by the collar.

"Don't fricking lie to me. We know you're starting a cult here. You all should be happy you didn't end up on an electric chair. I know your kind of people, you never change. You only want to disrupt order, you only want to bring about chaos. You only want to see other suffer!"

"It seems you've quite a narrow-minded view on us prisoners, Agent Colly." - he pointed to a nearby field - "Look at those men, they're making a real car from scratch. When they entered here, they didn't even know the word 'mechanic' existed. And we have trained quite a few doctors with the help of the scientists. People can change, Agent Colly, in the most surprising ways. It's a sad thing those outside don't believe in such a notion. At least not coming from us. And about that cult you spoke earlier, it's simply that I have talked the prisoners out of their old hateful life. We love peace just as much as the people outside."

"Peace?" - I screamed at his face - "Don't screw with me. They're those who plundered, raped and murdered. They are pedophiles, arsonists, sadists. They cannot be redempted!"

"Isn't that what they want us to believe?"

"You.." - I almost knocked him out, but I held my fist.

"These men used to be violence, yes," - he said calmly - "And it meant nobody tried to use words with them, or those did gave up half- way. I simply believe there is good in all of us."

Then, I noticed the footsteps. The hill was surrounded by thousands of prisoners, led by the young boy.

Lemonade with ice, eh?

"Stay back or I'll shoot!" - I yelled, pointing a gun at Daniel's head.

No one moved. The old man spoke, loudly:

"To all my brothers here this moment--"

"What're you doing? Shut up!" - I screamed.

"He just want to say a few words." - the young boy protested - "Let him. Or you won't leave this place alive."

"You... Be quick." - I let go of the old man, my gun still pointed at him.

"Thank you." - he said - "I know this day will come eventually. The world doesn't want us to change, no, ever since we got this mark on our head. To them, we are murderers, rapists, bandits, but never once human. The world reject us, and it want us to stay that way just to glorify its own moral. And so they will try to destroy each and every effort of us to prove ourself, to reinstate into society. Because they don't want to see we create an even better society here. Because they want us to revert to our old self upon each other, such is their punishment for us. But I don't believe that is the meaning of this miniature world. I believe that there is good in any man, that we can change for the better, that we can reflect upon our flaws. I believe that you exist, not just an abomination as we are called, but as human beings. I believe that the greatest feat of man, any man, is to overcome the darkness inside himself. And this mark here that seperate us from the outside world only serve as the proof of our triumph."

I heard a lot of cries.

The man then gestured the boy to come closer.

"Rick, you're the Apprentice I'm most proud of." - he whispered - "There will be men who try to twist my words for his personal gain. In such cases, I grant you the right to do whatever you deem necessary to protect this society."

"Master, I... I... You can't..."

"I trust in you." - he then turned to the crowd - "Dear brothers of mine, I'll see you in a better place."

And he looked at me.

"Pull the trigger."