This wondered a bit off of the prompt, but I think it's still in the same spirit:

For once in my life – and that statement by itself is saying quite a bit – I have no idea what’s about to happen.

This won’t be my first execution. I lost count during the Spanish Inquisition. They were never really a problem until sometime after the American Civil War, when people got smart enough to realize that “He ain’t movin’” isn’t necessarily enough evidence that you’re actually dead. Digging out of graves was always a pain in the ass, but it’s not like I don’t have the time for it.

Ten years ago I made the mistake of committing a murder in Texas. The murder itself wasn’t a mistake, the asshole deserved it. The mistake was doing it in Texas. Here they love to execute people so much, they put an express lane on death row. They didn’t give themselves enough time for someone to notice things were a bit off like the other states do. I never got the hush-hush secret meeting where I could lie my little explanation to them, and then set up a fake suicide with the warden and dig my ass out of another prison cemetery.

No, the problem today is that this will be my first execution by “modern” science. I’ll be hooked up to a heart monitor to make sure I’m dead after they inject me with something that will completely fail to even get me high. I’ve picked up a lot of skills in my time, but stopping my own heart isn’t one of them.

At least it isn’t the electric chair. Never been in an electric chair before, but I’ve been electrocuted. It wasn’t the worst pain I’ve felt, but it still locks up all my muscles just like it would anyone else. I really don’t feel like shitting myself today, thank you very much.

I wonder what the victim’s family will think when it happens? Actually, I doubt any will show up. I wasn’t lying when I said he deserved it, one of his cousins said so during my sentencing. You’ve got to be a cherry of a human being for something like that to happen. Still, it’ll be a hell of a shock for the audience.

You know what? I’m just gonna roll with it. They’ll probably keep it a secret. Even if they don’t, people these days can’t keep a news story in their attention for more than 20 minutes. They might cart me off to a secret government lab or something, but eventually they’ll figure out there’s nothing of use, and eventually I’ll find my opening to escape. What’s the worst that could happen? It’s not like it’ll kill me.

Yeah, fuck it. Let’s give these guys a show.