This is my first attempt at actually writing something “proper” but please give me thoughts. Thank you! 

“Bzzt. Bzzt.” the phone chimes as Faarus rolls over in bed.  Pushing the phone aside, Faarus goes back to sleep, attempting to gain a few more minutes of sleep.  You see, the life of a god is hard, especially when most of their life revolves around partying and trying not to get alcohol poisoning. That just so happens to be the life of our forgotten deity.  While most gods receive prayers and praise, some aren’t that lucky . “Bzzt Bzzt” the phone rings again, awaking the hungover deity.  “I swear, if its Ares, I’ll kill him.” groans Faarus, trying to sit up in bed. His eyes adjust to the brilliant rays of light that shine through his dingy window, illuminating the shabby apartment. The deity yawns loud as a young woman busts through his bedroom door.
 “Faarus! Did you get my freaking text?” the woman yells. 
 A small scream escapes his mouth as he falls off the bed. “Oh, well good morning to you too, Bellona.”
 “Shut it idiot, get dressed.  We have that meeting today.  We’re already late. “ Bellona exclaims. “Isn’t the meeting at five in the evening?” Faarus retorts as he picks himself up off the floor.
 “Yeah, and it’s already 5:15pm.” Bellona sniffs the air and smells the disgusting scent of alcohol that plague her senses. “Oh that is just gross. You and Ares need to stop with this binge drinking shit, it’s getting old.” Bellona says with a disgusted look upon her face.  
“Well I’m sorry Princess, some of us aren’t as lucky as you major deities.” fired back Faarus.  
“And some of us aren’t borderline alcoholics, now clean yourself up.  You still have to present your findings to the Leadership.” Bellona tells Faarus. 
The Leadership is a group of the most popular and influential deities. It is a communal  organization that includes but is not limited; Zeus, Aphrodite, Odin, Hel,  Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva,  Rah, Chac, Ah-Puch, Osiris, and Isis.  
“Oh. Yeah. Why was I stuck on prayer counting? I have to keep up with all your shit and it’s not like I get any reward.” sighs Faarus as he walks into the bathroom to brush his teeth. 
“You get to stay on the committee, which is a reward in it’s own right.  I had to argue with Zeus for you to get that position. So be glad that you have that job and stop your bitching.” Bellona calls from the other room. 
“Yes ‘Mom’” Faarus replies as he spits out the water, leaving the bathroom. 
Faarus snaps his fingers and suddenly a beautiful obsidian color suit fits his body.  Completely dressing him and styling his auburn hair. “Are you ready Princess?” Faarus asks Bellona.
“You know, if I didn’t know how much of a terrible person you are, I’d feel like you deserved a compliment.  But let’s go.” Bellona says as she turns and leaves the room with Faarus following her. Faarus locks his apartment door and they depart, following the staircase downward to the front of the apartment building.  “You know you’re gonna have to teach me how to do that whole dress trick. “ Bellona says as they pass through the front doors. Faarus laughs and remarks,”One day Padawan. One day, you too will be able to use the force.”  Bellona sighs and shakes her head, walking over to her car, entering the driver’s seat. “If Gods could die, you’d be my reason to die.” Bellona says as Faarus hops in the passenger seat and she starts the car.  Faarus smiles and leans on the arm rest as the car leaves the parking lot, slowly driving down the road.  Bellona drives toward the conference building as Faarus remembers the night before.  The smell of alcohol, the dusty and worn out bar, and his obnoxious friend.  You see, Ares and Faarus have been friends for as long as they can remember and when they can’t.  They even fought in the Titan rebellion and numerous other wars, but Faarus isn’t all that good at combat.  He might have fought in some battles, but he lacks any battle prowess.  Ares and Bellona are considered the best when it comes to military tactics and combat, which is why they are in charge of the military division. Ares, with his bright red hair and crimson armor, would often rush into battle without thinking. Slaying enemies with his massive battleaxe, strong enough to shatter an entire squad of soldiers in one fell swoop. Bellona however, as much more tactical and cunning. Often using strategy over strength.  She would always keep her raven colored hair cut short as to avoid being grabbed.  She would use her scourge and her shield to defend herself while leading the frontlines. Although these two were absolutely amazing at combat, they rather lacked friends.  Thats where Faarus came into the picture.   Faarus never really had any real abilities or hidden talents, well besides being a massive jerk.  However, He always seemed to be able to bring people together.  While deities get prayers and praise, Faarus hasn’t got any in a long time.  Most of the time, he’s counting up other gods prayers and sorting them out for his “companions.”  So why is Faarus such a jerk? What is it that made this minor god such a troublesome deity? Rumor is it that it is his past, his battles, his misery. However, that is just the beginning of his story.  The story of a broken and torn hero.  Suddenly, the car pulls into the parking lot and Faarus gets out.  Yawning and stretching, trying to wake himself up.  “Did you actually fall asleep on your way over here?” asks Bellona as she gets out of the car. “Well yeah, It gets boring listening to you talk about your day.” Faarus replies. Bellona glares at Faarus, “It was LITERALLY A 10 MINUTE DRIVE!” Faarus smiles at Bellona and starts walking to the building. “Yeah, 10 minutes too long.” He calls over his shoulder.  “OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH. You’re so lucky you look good in that suit, or else your blood would be all over it. “ Bellona remarks as she follows him.  “Oh wow. I’m so scared. What are you gonna do? Whip me?”  Faarus retorts and keeps walking, feeling the anger fume off of Bellona.  Whenever he wasn’t sleeping or drinking, he was teasing his friends. That was one of the few things he liked to do whenever he wasn’t busy, not like he was THAT busy, being the deities mailman and all that. As they walk through the front door, a booming voice welcomes them over the intercom. “Here they are. The guests of honor. Bellona and… ”  “Is that Faarus? What is he doing here? He never shows up.” The voice speaks quietly, as if talking to someone else in the room. Faarus sighs and Bellona laughs.  “Yes, It’s me.  The one and only.  Reporting for duty. “ Faarus salutes and laughs, trying to diminish his anger over being forgotten.  Which was one of the problems that often plagued his existence and often led him to outbursts of apathy and fury.  The latter of which never ended well for him, since he wasn’t all that well at fighting. “Well come through the double doors and set up, We’ve been waiting for your presentation.” The voice calls out as Bellona and Faarus look at each other. “Well, this is the beginning of the end, ain’t it partner?” Faarus says in a rather poor country accent, while tipping his invisible hat. “Oh shut up.” She says as she drags him through the double doors. 
