Sensing the presence of a temple without a target, i eagerly and hastily rushed toward it.
Stepping through several hundred dimensional gateways and boundaries i found myself standing before a paltry, pathetic temple made of wood, straw and worse, packed mud.
God i hate mud.
Despite this, the moment i showed up, the human, i think he was a farmer, immediately fell to his knees and began praying. So i slapped the fucker.
"THE HELL?!" i roared. "do you even know WHAT it is you're praying to? do you even know what I am? you just pre-emptively pray to whatever god comes your way huh? what are you? some sorta divine's manwhore?"
"I...i just built this shrine to-"

"Yeah yeah i can see that plain as day." i grumble, holding my chaos zweihander as i seriously consider stabbing the dumb shit with it. 
"Welp, lemme tell you son, I am a god of war, specifically the patron saint of wandering warriors!!! a literal legend!! I've slain so many phantoms and monsters in my day that i don't even know what to do with em all!!" i scratched my beard, despite the fact that my beard is made of a goldish metal.
"Alright, you can pray, but know that you're praying to a legendary god of war, a father of giants, bringer of pain to the weak and despair to the strong! nobody, and i repeat NOBODY ELSE- gets to use this shrine. I won't suffer any casuls. Here are my commandments-" I punched him square in the jawline, an audible crack of bone could be heard, meaning i likely overdid it.

"Rule number one! git gud!"

i plant the zweihander in the dirt, the part just above the hilt labeled "Bass cannon"  

"Rule number two! thou shalt git gud at all times! train, fight! challenge mighty foes! if you've time enough to build a ramshackle temple, then you've time enough to go out and pray by fighting worthy foes!! so train!"

I shift the mask that also doubles as my face, the visage of a haunted father.

"And finally, the only other rule to mention in my three fucking commandments.....the legend never dies!"
with that i black crystaled out of there, half wondering if maybe i should've just killed the scrub.

but then i realized, if i did that, he wouldn't learn nothin'!
