“Esher? How have you been?” I knew that voice. I spun around faster than any human, or any mortal, could.
“Nina? It’s been ages.” It had been about a century, give or take a few decades. She still smelled the same, even if her avatar looked nothing like her massive, gleaming, blue, true form. “I’ve been really busy since we last meet. How have you faired?” 
“I’ve had a few rough times.” She shrugged. She’d chosen to appear as an elv. Not exactly understated for the area. Better than her true form, though. “I’m sorry we parted under such bitter circumstances. Is there any way you could…”
“What do you want from me, Nina?” I said in elvish, so the rest of the market couldn’t understand.
“I can’t speak to my mate?” She said with a playful grin. “Our hatchlings have all grown up, and the lair feels so empty. I was hoping you would come home. Our bed-of-treasure has only grown larger.”
“Your bed, Nina. I took what I needed and left. About our brood, do I have any reason to be proud of them, or are they all following in your footsteps?” I took her by the arm and started walking to my guild hall.
“One or two have inherited your docility,” she said without the disdain I had expected. “You should be proud of Ilis. She’s already raised a kingdom,” she gushed.
Maybe Nina had finally accepted that I had done it to protect her and the brood. That when those dragon hunters came and offered a bargain, I had to accept it. Even it it meant giving them enough of our hoard to found a guild. Even if it meant I would never wear my scales again.
“Tell me where they are, so I can refuse any contracts about dragons there.” We were outside my guild hall.
“Really? Why should I trust you, Scaleless One?” 
“On my fire, I will refuse any dragonhunt contract I have reason to belief is one of our brood.” I sat down behind my desk.
She spouted of a list of places. Two of which I would mount personal expeditions to. If I could forgo the allure of gold, maybe Amur and Ebas could join me. Surely the guild -- no, the family -- I had built would welcome two more.
“Whatever did happen to those dragon hunters?” Nina asked. 
“They grew old and passed away. I’m the only founder left.”
“Do the current members know?”
“It’s no secret that I’m not human. However, only high ranking members know what I am.”
“Why trust them?” She spat. “What if they decide your to big of a risk?”
“I personally explain it to each member. That I see them as my brood, this hall as my lair, and everything on our ledgers as my hoard.”
“They all take that well?” She scrunched her nose the way she always did when she didn’t belief something.
“Some of them feel it’s possessive. None have ever left over it.”
“Would I be able to join you?” The look in her eyes… it was heartbreaking. “I want another brood, Esher. That’s why I came see you.”
“Would you swear of your true form?”
“To never where my scales again?” She looked out the window for a bit, lost in thought. “If I might share my hoard, and raise another brood, with you.”
We made plans. She would return to her lair. I would rally the guild with stories of a dying dragon and a hoard for the taking. By the time we get there, she would have settle into a new form and use a little magic to turn a dead something into a dragon carcass. We would find her as a prisoner. Her party had hoped for easy pickings. They had arrived a few days to early. She was the sole survivor.
The plan was perfect. It only relied on one thing.
“I, Nina, swear on my fire that after I return to my lair, I will never return to my first form.”
Nina kissed me before she left.

It all went according to plan. Within 3 years, Amur and Ebas joined us. Long Live Dragonscale Guild.

