I held my handful of looneys, heavy in my hand.

"Is this what I want?" I thought to myself. 

At first, the idea had made me excited, if not elated. To live another day and get to tie up all those loose ends. I could tell people how I felt about them... I could hug my dog.

When I got down there everything was different. I had just departed from it all and yet things weren't how I imagined them. My siblings were fighting over things that, now that I knew how little time there was, seemed meaningless. The restaurants' aroma and half priced appetizers made me feel cold. Even Tugboat seemed off, like he saw me, but I wasn't completely there to him.

I made my way to the forrest just down the road. It was late, so few people were around. I found a spot in the grass and for the first time in years just sat quietly and listened. I was surrounded by nature and in my bones I knew that I was different.

"I don't belong..."

"Nope!" Said a stranger, who had ostensibly come to relieve the machine of its coin collection. He had snapped me out of my memory, and looked at me with a knowing smile.

"Did you think you were taken too soon?" He said. He was sweaty and a bit sleepy looking, like he had been working all day.

"I'm...sorry?" I put the coins back in my pocket.

"Well that's what the machine does, and you're holding all those coins."

"Oh... I guess so. Though maybe that is a pretty common opinion." I looked at how many coins were in the bucket he pulled out.

He chuckled. "Well yeah. Supply and demand, I suppose."

"Say, if I keep going past this machine, can I come back?" I asked while he emptied the coins into a bag.

"Listen kid, I just empty the machine. But I don't recall anyone coming back here."

I sighed. I pulled out a couple of coins and thought it over some more. I then reached into my pocket and grabbed the rest.

"Hey, thanks for all the hard work." I handed him the coins. He tipped his hat to me and waved me off. As our distance grew I heard him whistle a familiar song, and I thought that it could use more cowbell.


