"Bloody bastard."

You just barely make out what the person who is unmistakably you said as the blood rushes to your ears. Ten seconds ago you were talking to your best friend and now he's dead on the floor in front of you. Your heart has dropped to your stomach but the moment is so surreal your brain has yet to catch up. Was this a dream? But the blood looked _too real_ and the way your friend's grip slackened just moments prior signifying the incomprehensible truth that he was dead is seared in your brain.

A thousand and one thoughts are running through your head but you do not get to ponder any of them as the perpetrator- or rather the person that is inexplicably you from the future- keels over coughing up blood of their own. It is only after you take a closer look at them that you see the blood soaking through their own clothes. They've dropped the gun entirely, but that becomes the least of your concern when the area around them begins... warping? 

They appear to want to expend no more energy sitting up as they position their back to be flat against the floor. Oddly enough, it's this act alone that reminds you that you are in fact in a public area and that at any moment now police may be on their way to investigate reports of a shooting. For just a moment you wonder if anyone else was out this late at night in this area to witness this all but you're interrupted as future-you speaks up. 

"Heh, I always wondered what would happen if you radically altered the past." Their voice is so hardened and pained it sounds foreign to you, despite you recognizing it- and having the physical evidence to identify it- as your own. There's an unexplainable sense of pity you feel at this, despite the fact they just murdered your friend in cold blood. The way they said it with such profound sorrow left you incapable of coming up with a response. 

They don't seem to be looking for one either as they continue unprompted. "If I know you- and I am you so I do- you're gonna look for an answer to all this..." they wheeze and take a moment to breathe, panting heavily. "...Youre gonna want to obsess over it for the rest of your life... but you have to trust me when I say there are some things that dont have an answer... And there are some things you dont want to know the answer to... some things... should never be answered..." It was hard to tell if the look they were giving was one of deep reflection or if their eyes were already glazing over. 

They pick up with renewed urgency. "So please... just this once... dont try to find an answer to this. There are some things the world is better off not knowing... and these are the firsthand results of that." As if to punctuate their statement, the distortions began to pick up in intensity. "The future I'm from will cease to exist in a matter of moments, if it hasnt already... never could wrap my head around how that would work..." Seemingly instinctively, they turn their head towards where my friend- _our_ friend- laid dead, as if expecting him to have the answer ready to retort. When he doesn't, in fact, respond, he focuses back on me, directing one final warning. "There's nothing left for you to find. No riddle to solve. The future the world wants is not the one I come from, so please... just stay out of trouble? The life of one... is the price we... the price *you* have to pay for the lives of many... You know I would not have done this if it did not need to be done." Their eyes screw shut from the pain, as they have a pool of blood to rival that of your friend's. Their breathing becomes more labored and the thought of your only source of information in this bizarre chain of events dying or disappearing- whichever comes first- puts you in a state of panic. Was this really the only option? What happened in the future? So many variables and unknowns you know you'll never get the answer to. But there's one thing you refuse to leave unanswered.

"Do you regret it?" You blurt out. The question catches them off guard as their eyes snap open to stare at you in surprise. They close their eyes in resignation, but this time youre the one surprised when they open them back up and look you dead in the eye with the weight of the world behind them. "I regret everything that led up to this... and that this had to be done... but I stand by my choice. And I will die by it." 

As if on cue, the world around them makes one final distortion  and you're blinded by the light that is produced from it. When your vision returns the pavement where they were is empty and clear of the blood that had been pooling just moments before, as if they ceased to exist. Most likely because they did.

You look over to your friend's motionless body, and to your relief- and it disgusts you to think that- it has not disappeared. With nothing left to do you call the police. You are certain you eill be a main suspect but in all honesty you dont care. Maybe it serves you right. You are a murderer after all. You crawl over to them and whisper soft apologies until the police pull you away. 

You want nothing more than to go back in time and prevent this all from happening. 

But you can't.