Aaron's palms were sweaty. Knees weak, he's nervous. His thoughts drifted to his mom's spaghetti that he had for lunch that day. Delicious, with the perfect ratio of sauce:beef:pork, that al dente texture still somehow remaining after 8 hours of refrigeration and half a school day of sitting in a lunchbox. He snaps back to reality. Concentrate. The words hovered in front of him, he knew what he should do. But the decision had never been this hard before

- ~~ask her out~~
- **walk away**
- ~~chop balls off~~

The decision should be easy. At least, it always had been. Why, then, was this so hard? Jasmine bit her lip pensively, suggestively, waiting for him to say something. Why was she still here? And why would a girl like her ever be interested in him anyway? Aaron tried to rationalise his crazy rush of emotions and wild thoughts. She was way out of his league. His life prompt was probably letting him know that he would definitely get rejected if he followed the train of irrational, pubescent adrenaline he was feeling right now. 

His life prompt had never been wrong before. Acing exams, taking the perfect route to avoid the bullies on the way home, knowing exactly when to take the pasta off so it didn't overcook. It had even helped him get the perfect timing to beat Battletoads in grade 6, with his gobsmacked friends looking on in awe. Still, he couldn't shake the nagging feeling that something was off, something was different now.

Jasmine giggled through that shy grin that made his heart melt. "What are you thinking about?" 

A million thoughts and nerves and emotions rushed through his entire body all at once. Screw it. He drew a shaky breath, and grinned with the perfect mixture of nerves and confidence written all over his face. "Would you... do you want to be my girlfriend?"

Timed seemed to slow down. A flush of red started to spread across Jasmine's cheeks, her eyes widening in... surprise? Delight? 

Suddenly, a crack of thunder pierced Aaron's eternal seconds of silence.

This will probs get buried cos there are heaps of comments already and I haven't read or written anything in years. I really enjoyed writing this though, and /r/books and /r/WritingPrompts have both been nagging at me to get back into reading, which I definitely want to do soon. If anyone actually finds this and wants more, let me know.