The party was between level 6 and 8, with Greg being the level 8 paladin. I could tell right away that Greg, was an asshole. No wonder Tyler had wanted me to come in and "take care" of this problem child. He was a rule Nazi, hell a rule Adolf was a more apt description, thankfully though, so was I. albeit far more relaxed, I wasn't the dm. Tyler was. 

He asked me two weeks ago about help with this asshole of a player he had in his group, and he just couldn't get rid of him. so he asked me to make Jackson, a bard of all things, to kill this paladin and give him one hell of a show. a show he would remember for the rest of his life. 

When Jackson arrived to the party he was warmly greeted by the other players, they were happy to see a new face. Greg's character Jason Star-bright... wasn't so eager. constantly trying to steal the spotlight, and prove that he was the best that ever was. I sat back and let him have his fun, smiling and playing my lute as he let out a monologue that would make a bond villain groan.  yet I went with it. I had a role to play, and I considered myself a method actor if nothing else. 

We had to go a take care of a small cult, something about dragons and fish people, wasn't too worried, was more focused on my quarry. we found the ritual site and a battle ensued, of course Jason led the charge... we had fought for over 2 hours killing the cultists, i had used all of two spell slots and used my bow only once or twice, support characters can be fun to play. 

Jason let out a victory speech before going up to the alter to get the artifact that was laying on top of it. I knew now was the time to strike. 

"not so fast there tall, annoying and sparkly, i will be taking that." I said with a smile.

Greg looked at me baffled, what was this new guy thinking? "what the hell bard? what do you need it for? to get laid?" he laughed. 

"Yup, this thing right here will get me all the bitches. so I need that." i dead panned, and grabbed the item. and the group laughed, except for Greg. 

"I punch the bard" Greg said, he was not a fan of being showed up. 

"Roll to hit..." Tyler sighed.

"18 + 7.  25!" Greg said with a Cheshire smile. 

"That hits." i replied calmly.

Greg smiled widely and stopped before looking me dead in the eyes. "I choose to smite on this." 

the group gasped, and Greg rolled his dice. he did the math and looked up. "68 points of damage. you want to keep holding on to that?" He lauded. 

I smiled simply, and subtracted the damage from my health. "yup, but lets make this a duel shall we? at least have some honor?" I said slyly. 

Greg sighed, but smiled. "fine just don't miss." 

"I don't plan on it." 

We both rolled for initiative, Greg rolled a 8, he dumped dex, but had a high AC so he didn't care. I rolled a 24, Greg was confused and asked how i had managed to do that. i told him about jack of all trades, and he was upset. he looked it up and was visibly annoyed, he was now determined to beat me. 

Now before i get to what happened next i need to tell you that Tyler really wanted greg and his character out of the picture, so although the character sheet did say level 6, i was actually playing a level 20. 15 levels of college of whispers bard, and 5 levels of  Hexblade warlock. Tyler REALLY wanted him to get to be gone, and i obliged. 

"I pull out my longbow, and bonus action cast banishing smite." i calmly said, but Greg was mad.

"Your a bard! you cant cast Paladin spells!" He yelled scaring half of the table.

"level 10 bard feature, magical secrets.  Choose two spells from any classes, including this one. A spell you choose must be of a level you can cast, as shown on the Bard table, or a cantrip." i recited back from memory, bards are my favorite class after all.

he quickly went through the book and almost tore the pages finding it, and slammed the book down when he did. "fine! roll to hit!" Greg yelled.

"Ok... I roll to hit. sharp shooter." i said calmy. 

I rolled my dice and im not sure what greg did to piss off the dice gods, but i rolled a natural 20. "I crit." i said with a half smile, half trying to contain my laughter of what was about to hit this man. 

"roll for damage, max damage, plus your roll.

"ok, quick questiomn then, would smite damage apply as well?" I asked curiously, this wasn't my game after-all.

Tyler simply replied. "yeah why?" a little confused.

"Ok then... I choose to spend one use of my bardic inspiration dice to add 8d6 physic damage and a 8th level spell slot to eldritch smite, for 8d8 force damage."

the table went silent. i rolled the dice, and it took a minute, i pulled out the calculator and quickly did the math. "289 points of damage." i deadpanned. 

"wait what!? how?" Greg asked, asking the same question as the rest of the table. 

"Well... max damage plus a roll... its a lot of dice, and modifiers add up. 

Greg looked at his character sheet and looked back up to me. "I'm at -147 hit points... you tripled my max HP! The fuck!?" he said almost crying. 

"sorry buddy, but its just numbers." i said somewhat apologetically. he was an asshole.

Tyler took his character sheet and tore it up. Jason Star-bright was dead. "well, guess that settles that..." my charcter said, and took the artifact. before looking at it curiously. "wait... this is the wrong one... well shit... here you guys go. this is yours. i need to go and find the real one. those bitches ain't going to get themselves!" i smiled and grabbed my character sheet, my dice and left. 

i found out a few hours later that Greg said he wasn't coming back, and that the party was glad he was gone. Tyler thanked me for doing a fine job. but i simply said i was just helping a friend out.

&#x200B;