"YOU DARE!?"

The voice was like a thunderclap. Even so, I found it difficult to lift my head. Between the blanket woven from clouds and the honey-suckle scented breast beneath my cheek, I was tempted to rest a bit more.

Hera set a golden hand on my shoulder, helping me up. 

"I am not a dead man, Zeus. No one in olympus or the underworld could resist such a beauty. Honestly, if she were my bride, I would never stray. Truth be told, I'd never leave the bed." I pushed the blankets away from my thighs and slipped out of bed, pausing a moment to kiss the back of Hera's hand.

"Thank you for the blessing, my lady. No man has even been honored so." I said to her, bowing as low as I could.

"Clothe yourself, dog." Zeus stood before me with shaking fist, a fearsome figure draped in stars and thunderclouds. "I'll not cast your corpse from my bedroom naked." 

I stooped, picking up my tunic; woven from black sack-cloth. 

"I would speak with you away from your Queen, O King of the Heavens. She deserves a good rest."

Almost before I could finish speaking, I could feel his fingers in my hair. Blood ran down my forehead as he dragged me from the bedroom.  

"No mortal who ever lived has suffered as you will suffer---"

"Danakea."

"I don't care what your name is! When I'm through with you, no one will dare speak it!"

"No." I keep my tone calm. He can't do anything worse than kill me. "My wife's name was Danakea."

He glared at me, lightning burning in his cold, blue eyes.

"Of course, you didn't know her name. You simply forced her down and dishonored her. You didn't care to know who she was, and who I am. Please, know who I am, before you kill me. Know what would happen to your kingdom."

He listened, his eyes growing darker with each word I spoke. When I finished, he through me to the ground.

"This isn't over." He snarled. "I could curse you with immortality."

"Do as you will, O King. Everything in heaven and on earth belongs to you."

In spite of myself, I smiled.

"In heaven, and on earth. But the child? No. I will take him someplace beyond your reach. I will be his father. He'll never know your name, " 

Zeus stared at me in outraged silence. 

Although he did let out a furious roar as I slammed my knuckles beneath his chin.


Sometime later I returned to my home. My humble hut outside the pomegranate trees. I carried a parcel wrapped in cheesecloth.

Danakea answered before I knocked. She was wearing the blue tunic I bought her. It hung loosely over her skeletal frame. I met her coal-black eyes and smiled, pressing a kiss to her lips.

She set a white hand to my cheek.

"Did it go well?"

"I had trouble at first. She wasn't as lovely as you, so it took some imagination on my part. Kiss me again, I want to get the taste of nectar out of my lips."

She did so. I tasted salt.

"What have you got there?" Danakea asked. I smiled, handing her the parcel. She unwrapped it.

"Figs! How did you know?"

I chuckled. "Because it's the only thing you've been craving. Sit, eat. I'll make the days sacrifices in a minute."

The table she sat at was hand made and splintery. As a priest of Hades, I didn't earn very much. Luckily, my bride didn't mind.

"Dear Husband, I have been thinking on names. What about Charon?"

I paused, trying not to look pained. "Charon, eh?"

She nodded, setting a hand over her swollen belly.

I sighed. How could I say no to her?

"Very well. But the next child we have will be named after MY father. Not yours."

