Working at a Home Depot in Alabama is not the best job in the world; the pay kind of sucks and my hours are all over the place. It has been tough not seeing the family as much this past couple months.

The one thing that has kind of made it easier to the fact that I am the go-to forklift guy at this store. I guess they had a few incidences in the past that cost the place at lot of money. To me it is fun. Well it was fun until last week.

Last week a guy came in and just watched me replace a stack of drywall. I thought he has impressed with the machine or my driving skills? I didn't think too much about it, even when he showed up the next day. Just standing there for hours typing on his phone and taking photos of me. On the third day I had to ask him what the hell was up.

I half expected him to run out of the store as I approached, but to my surprised he looked very excited to see me coming towards him. He did something on his phone and just stood there. When I starting to ask exactly what he was doing he put the phone right in my face almost hitting me in the mouth. I just said "Can I help you sir?". No response. The phone was still in my face.

So I asked again in a less friendly tone. "Can I help you sir? What do you want?"

He pulled the phone away and started typing again. Annoyed, I stood in front of him not knowing what to do next. While still looking down at his phone and typing whatever it was he was typing, the man turned around and walked away. Right out of the store.

He's been coming everyday ever since. I don't really notice him until I'm doing something on the forklift. There wasn't really a reason to be worried about losing my job until today. I told my manager what has been going on and he just shrugged his shoulders. The guy wasn't hurting anything so why get bothered by it?

But today after moving some pallets, the man who has been watching me came up to me. I wasn't scared. He's actually pretty small so why would I be? Well, he walked up and in broken English said, "Use other carry-car tomorrow." Understanding what he said but not understanding why he said it, I just said "what?" with a half blank, half confused face. After this he handed me a large bag of some weird looking money.

I am talking about a lot of bills. If these were US bills then I'd be set for life. But these had foreign writing (probably Spanish?) and had some guy with amazing sideburns on the front

I'm not going to the police yet. Also don't know if I'm going to use the other forklift tomorrow at work. Pretty sure that's what he meant when he said to use the other carry-car. Is something going to happen if I use the older forklift? Is something going to happen if I don't?