*"This is a national emergency alert. Do not leave your homes between 6PM and 8AM. Do not make any light or noise between 6PM and 8AM. Barricade all entries to your house and cover your windows with opaque material. Exercise extreme caution when out during the day. Do not enter tunnels or other dark areas during the day. Restrict contact with all others including those claiming to be official persons. Military and police assistance is not available at this time."*

Marla leaned in closer to the television as the message repeated across the bottom of the screen. "The hell?" She smacked Frank on the shin, awakening him from his mid-afternoon couch nap.

He stirred and let out a grunt of disapproval. Frank wiped the sleep from his eyes, "What was that for?"

Marla jutted her chin at the screen. "Would you check this out? Something is happening."

The message ran once more. This time Frank caught it. He sat up, "Is this a prank?"

Marla flipped the channel to three other networks. All of them ran the same message. "I don't think so."

"No, no, this is bullshit. What sort of warning is this? They aren't even telling us what is going on. Is this an attack? Are we being invaded? Look at it. It reads like there is a zombie outbreak or a vampire plague explosion. Put on CNN. See what they say."

Marla changed the channel once more. Only this time a new message of, *"We are sorry. This channel can not be viewed at the moment. Please, try again later or choose a new channel,"* came back. 

"Oh, that's not disturbing at all," she said. 

"Try MSNBC."

Marla did. The same message appeared.

"BBC News."

The same message again. 

"Fox."

Another same message.

"The *fucking* Weather Channel!"

Marla changed to the channel. A man and a woman sat at the desk weeping. Only weeping. There were no messages around them. No weather updates. No forecasts for tomorrow. Nothing.

Now it was Frank's turn to lean in, "Why are they crying?"

"Like I would know," snapped back Marla. The remote control began to tremble in her hands as her nerves became frayed. "Check your phone. Go online. See what's the news there."

Frank stumbled off the couch but bounced to his feet. His heart thumped against his chest as he raced to the bedroom. He grabbed his phone from the side table and yanked out the power cord. He ran back to the living room as he unlocked the screen. He stopped right before getting back to the couch. "There aren't any bars."

Marla jumped up from the couch and snatched the phone. "What do you mean, *'There aren't any bars'*? How can't there be any bars?"

"Look for yourself. No bars."

Frank was right. There were none. Marla looked at her boyfriend. "What the fuck is going on?"

All of the power in the house went out. The television. The lone living room lamp. The A.C.. The ceiling fan. All dead in a blink. A thick, choking silence drowned the room. Marla and Frank looked at each other, searching for answers and comfort from the other. But they were both just as clueless and as scared as the other. 

A machine humming began to rise. Like the whine of metal hitting metal mixed with the static of an old television channel going off the air. The noise was coming from the outside and growing. The walls and the floors of the house began to vibrate as the roar grew louder and louder. Marla grabbed Frank's hand and squeezed it. Tears lined her eyes. Frank pulled her in and hugged her. The two turned to the window. Both knew they had to look outside. Even though the Emergency Alert warned them not to, they had to know. Whatever the threat was, it was already here and they had to know how to defend themselves against it. The house went from vibrating to full out shaking. Like it was in the middle of an earthquake. The television toppled over. Books stumbled off their shelves. Marla let out a whimper but her voice was drowned out. Frank pulled her toward the window. The thing outside felt right at their doorstep. He gently pushed Marla to one side of the curtain covered window while he took the other side. The two looked at each other, nodded and peeked.

Outside hovering above the street was a gigantic gold wheel bathed in fire. Through the flames thousands of eyes blinked. Each moving independently of each other. Looking in every direction. Seeing all. Massive eagle wings lined the outer rim. With each flap they made the wheel spin like a pinwheel. It was the whirling of the spinning that drowned out everything. Its shadow blocked out the entire length of the street. 

The wheel passed by followed by another wheel of equal size, followed by another wheel of equal size. All parading down the streets. Street lights popped like balloons as the things hovered past them. Cars burst into flames. Lawns and trees turned yellow and withered into brown. From one of the houses, a dog ran out and opened its muzzle to bark before turning into a statue of salt. A horrible shriek arose from inside the house. All of the eyes of one of the wheels stopped moving and in an uniform motion looked at the house. The house broke out into flames and then turned into pure ash not even a few seconds later. The remains collapsed onto itself like a sandcastle. 

Marla and Frank pulled the curtain close. They looked at each other. Marla was still confused as to what she had just saw. But the expression on Frank's corpse white face told her he knew. She grabbed his wrist and mouthed, "What is it?"

He looked at her as his own eyes began to line with tears of panic. "Angels," he mouthed remembering his lessons from Catholic school. Remembering how he was taught to both love and fear those creatures outside for they could destroy an entire generation of Man in a single night. "Those were Angels..."  

The Apocalypse had come. 