“You’re a real sadist, you know?” Murmured Satan as he looked through my report.
It had only been a month since I had arrived in hell, but my results were amazing.
“Are you, Satan the King of Hell, one to say that?” I replied with a smirk.
“Dude, this isn’t even on my level anymore.” Said Satan with a shudder, “Man I had some expectations for you as a former retail worker, but you didn’t blow then away, you nuked them from orbit.”
“You go on reddit too much!” Is how I wanted to retort, but as I was in a quite jovial mood (and as a former slacking retail worker) I let it pass.

Included in my report was the following new punishments I had included:
The teenagers were to be placed in a eternal lecture on the history of toilets. The boys would occasionally have an hallucination of obtaining a computer and booting up their favorite game, only for it to explode as the game finishes loading. The girls would instead see a phone that had a message from their crush saying “I love you” and then receive another message saying “lol jk”. The phone would explode as well, but the girls were usually too depressed to notice. Of course, to keep the original and sub punishments fresh, we would mind wipe them so they could experience it allllll over again.

The politicians, slave owners, and drug dealers would be worked as starved slaves, while being being continuously laughed at by apparitions of all those they had ruined the lives of. Of course, these apparitions would have fabulous clothes and would be eating all the favorite foods of the politicians right in front of them. Nothing so complicated here, as it is simple but effective.

For vain celebrities, they would spend their days walking down the street, hoping for recognition, only to have everyone ignore them and shoo them away. Another simple one.

For normal adults, I had a plethora of punishments. Watching your wife give childbirth continuously while having your mental fortitude lowered, being under the illusion your terrible spouse is finally leaving only for him/her to return, and waiting in an endless line for the toilet only for it to break down once you reach the end (of course, the recipient has diarrhea) are several of the ones I came up with.

For rude customers however... Oho, where do I start? I made a particular punishment I call “Rollercoaster of life (hell edition)”. First I would have them repeat a life with no memories. The first ten years they would be abused terribly by their parents. Afterwards, they would be adopted and live a happy life for another 5 years until their new parents died in a crash. Next 5 years would be a downward spiral of drugs and booze only for them to recover. They would obtain a dream job, their ideal spouse, their dream house, and everything else they want in life. For 20 years they would be happy. This is what I call, “The ride up the hill”. But after this, hell would slowly descend on them (hahaha nice pun right? Right? Oh never mind...). First, they would be fired from their job for something they didn’t do, then their spouse would leave them for someone obviously worse, and their dream house would go up in flames. I would make every cause for destruction preventable and noticeable, causing massive regret to the victim when he realizes he could’ve prevented it all. This is “The drop”. Afterwards, homeless and without a penny, the recipient of the punishment would be forced to work retail for 50 years, experiencing all the problems I had to face from them. Does that feel good you self entitled-
“You wrote a whole yards worth for the customers huh,” Old, red and evil said as he ruffled through the parchment that rolled around his office and out of it.
“What can I say?” I said with a sadistic grin, “I hated retail work a lot”.
“‘A lot’ he says, what an understatement,” Sighed Satan under his breath., “Retail workers are mental...”