"Dude, hurry up, we're gonna be late for class," Chris ribbed his friend with his elbow. 

Stan shrugged him off. "Hold on, I've gotta finish this up. I don't want to miss anything..." He turned another page, walking absentmindedly down the hall.

"Well," Chris said, grabbing Stan by the shoulder and steering him into the classroom, narrowly avoiding the door. "You of all people aren't going to miss anything. You've been reading those things like they've got the secret to the universe hidden somewhere in them."

"Maybe they do!" Stan protested as he sank down into his seat. "We won't know unless we study them. There's just so many..." he trailed off as the class fell into a hush and their professor strode in. A rather short man in casual dress, he immediately went up to the board and began writing. The students in the classroom knew better than to talk when Professor Howlett was writing. 

"Mar...vel...Comics..." He spoke each syllable aloud as he wrote. He set the chalk down and turned to the class, gathering up a few papers. He eyed his many pupils over his glasses. "I know many of you have been waiting for this unit. It's a pretty hot topic in modern cultural academia." Chris poked Stan, chuckling. "Nerd," he whispered good-naturedly. The latter grinned. Professor Howlett continued, uninterrupted.

"So, I'll start. The intellectual world isn't really sure what to make of them since their recent uncovering by North American archaeologists. There's thousands upon thousands, all produced in this unique style, all bearing the same brand, even across languages and geographic regions. The consensus right now, though of course it's subject to change, is that they're, of course, religious texts of some sort, but probably not in the way you're used to thinking about them."

He paused to write something up on the board, and beside Stan, Chris perked up. The professor had written and underlined the word "METAPHOR" big and bold.

"We're used to thinking of religion as theistic, that adherents usually have a belief system that was supposed to explain how the world worked. Within Marvel Comics, there doesn't seem to be a unifying consensus on the nature of the universe.

"For example," he continued, writing the main points up on the board, "in the Abrahamic tradition, we see a recurring character called God, who is supposedly all-seeing and all-powerful. We see several analogues to someone like this in Marvel Comics, and it's likely the religion borrowed from the Abrahamic tradition, similar to how the Abrahamic traditions borrowed from old Zoroastrian and Greek idols. Characters like Uatu the Watcher or Thanos can be seen as beings of immense power and sight, but no one seems to be 'the one true God.'" He punctuated his point with a loud period. Stan leaned forward, enraptured. 

"Now, we could classify it as a polytheistic tradition, in the same vein as Hinduism or the Greek Pantheon. But there doesn't seem to be a system of classification of deities, nor a consistent explanation for their powers. Can someone give me an example of this kind of discrepancy in lore?"

Stan raised his hand. "Yes, Stan?"

"Um, the mutants and the Inhumans, sir," Stan cleared his throat. "They seem to fulfill similar roles in the Marvellian worldview, but they've got drastically different origins."

The Professor smiled. "Correct. Both are supposedly races of humanoids gifted with strange powers and abilities from evolution, but while the mutants are supposed to be hated and feared by their human counterparts, the Inhumans seem to be able to establish a powerful dynasty and a homeland for their race." He paused to adjust his glasses. 
"So how can we explain these discrepancies within the lore? As we said, there doesn't seem to be an overarching structure or system of deification, or an explanation of how the world is supposed to work. It'd baffling for modern people like me who make a living off this stuff," the class laughed.

"The answer, or at least my answer- Professor Kirby may dispute this- is that these stories aren't meant to be taken literally. Instead, I think they function as fables and moral stories, to give the adherents of Marvelism exemplars and teach life lessons that could be applied elsewhere. We see this in multiple significant characters, who I think are supposed to be these kinds of Paragons. The Marvel Comics often call these people 'superheroes'." A murmur went through the crowd. Chris scoffed, but Stan was all goosebumps. The professor wrote the term up on the board, and everyone scratched it down quickly. Below, he began writing a list.

"One that I think you'll all be familiar with by now is the Spider-Man. He's been one of the mainstays of a lot of the old stories we've come across. Who here can tell me what his whole deal is?"

Stan raised his hand again. "He's a young man who's bitten by a spider," he said. "and he gains the abilities of a spider, like being able to walk on walls and amazing reflexes-"

"Not reflexes," someone in the back spoke up. "Spider-sense. He can sense danger to his person, it's more like precognition."

"You're both right, to an extent." The professor nodded, and wrote the name up on the board. "But what is the point in having a hero based around a spider? What can we learn from that?"

The class was quiet. Stan spoke up again, more confident this time. "Well, I think the Comics spell that out pretty plainly. In 'Amazing Fantasy' 1962, the narrator says that 'with great power, there must also come great responsibility'. I think the point isn't to have a character who is all-powerful, but who instead has incredible gifts, and has the responsibility to use them, even when he's outclassed by enemies that are far more powerful than he is."

The professor cocked his head sideways. "Not bad, Stan. Someone's been staying up late." The class chuckled, and Stan blushed. 

"But the spirit of the answer is still there. These heroes typically revolved around a theme or some other kind of trope meant to convey a lesson." He turned back to the board, and wrote four more names down.

"The Incredible Hulk," he pointed to the first one. "A scientist, a brilliant man, turned into a massive creature of unimaginable strength when he became angry, and could fly into an uncontrollable rage." He tapped his head. "Control your demons, lest they control you.

"Captain America," he pointed to the second. "Is a little trickier. We've got some evidence that points to him being wartime propaganda, a weapon against fascism. But it's punctuated by the fact that prior to his transformation, he was a young, sickly man, from a poor city, who had a good, strong heart. He grew to embody the ideals of his country- that of strength and valor, but also peace, acceptance, and love. It's no coincidence the authors depict him as a solider carrying nothing but an indestructible shield, not a sword or a gun.

"The Fantastic Four," he gestured to the third. "A family of explorers. Again, granted superhuman powers through a freak accident in what was then the far reaches of space-there's that transformation motif again. Their strength came from their unity and their bonds, and working together.

"The X-Men," he pointed to the last. "A group of people who were marginalized for their abilities, and scorned from society. And what do they do? They try to use their powers to help others and promote peace and understanding. Their sworn enemy, another mutant named Magneto-" The class burst out laughing, and the professor cracked a smile. "It's the best translation we have, folks. Magneto was a mutant who wanted the opposite, to use his powers to hurt other humans out of fear they would hunt down mutants and kill them."

The professor set the chalk down, and leaned back against his table. A lone paper fell out of his bag, and floated down to the floor before settling. The silence in the room was deafening as he paused for effect.

"All of these stories, to get back to Stan's point, illustrate these values and these morals. With great power does come great responsibility, according to Marvel. While I have no doubt that the inclusion of the metahuman aspects of their heroes are for effect, it's an effective means of storytelling and of proliferating your worldview. And it's a powerful statement in the context of the times. In such a divided world, one filled with corruption and authoritarianism and nationalism and anger, it's message is one of hope. That ordinary people have the potential to make an extraordinary impact on the world that they live in." He paused to let that sink in.

"Now, about your midterms..."

The class groaned. 
