The backpack feels heavy. Heavier than I would expect. I squash my discomfort and survey my surroundings once more. The light flickers. I have to hurry before it gives out. It wouldn't do to get stuck in the sewers after dark. Some people say monsters infest these sewers. I don't believe in monsters. No imaginary being can do worse than what humans have already and continue to accomplish. No. I imagine some poor souls unfortunate enough to live through the calamity now hide themselves from the rest of us.

People think adversity brings out the best in humanity because aren't we all "just human beings" underneath it all? A walk through downtown Chicago will dissuade you of any such notions. Fear. Fanaticism. The die have fallen and humans have decided it's every man for themselves. And then a bunch of these people group together. And other people group together and before you know it, we find ourselves slowly walking through the history of how civilization is formed. Hey, at least we're out of caves. 

The weight of what's in my backpack bears down on me again. Knowledge. People have forgotten so much. And as humanity slowly sews itself back together, what I hold could be the catalyst. But any clan I go to would just as sooner kill me, take the laptop and establish themselves as the most powerful clan. And ironically enough, they would take this open source of knowledge, that mankind took years to build and share out of the goodness of their hearts and they would sell it piecewise to the largest bidders.

I make it all the way back to my little hideout. Brit wakes up from the noise, looking up expectantly at me. After this find, all thoughts of food had left me but the sight of my little sister hungrily looking up at me brings it all back. There's a reason I was in the sewers. Not being part of a clan has its downsides. But I knew what would happen if we were to petition to join a clan. We would be separated and forced into doing menial tasks. All so we could sleep with a hundred other kids the same age in a cramped army barrack and eat slop for food. Sewer food would only be a slight downgrade. And there's no price for freedom.

"I'm sorry Brit. I got caught up in something." 

I hear a slight whimper but she puts on a brave face. "s'alright. I can wait. Do you wanna play."

I know she's trying to distract herself but it breaks my heart. And I put my shoes back on again. The beginnings of an idea forming in my head. "Fetch me the paper we found last week." 

Paper is precious. So she looks at me questioningly, knowing that our treasures were only for the most dire circumstances. She thinks I'm about to trade it for food but I've got a better idea. I pull out the laptop from my bag.

"Woah! We could eat for months if we sell that!"

"Sshhh. No one can know we have this. While I'm doing this, I want you to dig up another space underneath our stash. People will think they've found our stash and won't think to dig beneath it." 

"o-okay." She's unsure but trusts my judgement. We both remove the large blue ikea bag that is the entirety of our treasure from the hole that we've dug in the ground. I don't know what they sold or what they did but I thank the gods for ikea knowing how to make strong, seemingly bottomless bags every day. Hey, maybe I can now find what they did on my laptop. I shake my head. Time enough for that later. I give her the toy shovel from the bag and take the papers she's handed me. 7 exact papers and a pen.

I open up the laptop, type in the search terms and begin writing. If I played this out correctly, we'd have food and shelter before long. I ponder whether I'm doing the exact same things the clans would have done, just on a smaller scale. But seeing Brit climb her way out of the treasure pit (as we liked to call it) gives me a sense of purpose. Survival first. Enlightening the world later.





