“Do you know how language came to be?” the elder asked, her eyes never straying from the dancing bonfire before them. Her apprentice pondered for a moment, yet found that every time he thought he had come close to some sort of answer, a fleeting memory of his lessons came to take its place.


“Words were born out of necessity. As we evolved we developed language to better communicate with one another, so to pinpoint the origin of language is an impossible task,” he answered - recited, rather. 


“See? That's where our ancestors were wrong,” the elder pointed out in that soft voice she adopted when about to impart some of her much sought after wisdom. “Our most recent ancestors, in any case, the ones that taught those who thought to teach you. They became so enslaved by words and their meanings that they forgot how they came about that knowledge.”


“And how did they, then?” the apprentice ventured to push. The elder slid her deep brown eyes over to the young wizard. His face was alight with more than just the blaze of the embers. It glowed with a hunger she once knew all too well. A hunger for truth. It made her smile. It had been a long time since she had taught anyone about the dead tongues and their powers, but maybe this one would learn what others had failed to grasp.


The elder stood up and took a step toward the fire. She raised her hands, one of them holding her walking cane up to the sky, the fingers of the other making swift motions in the air. She opened her mouth and spoke, not in any language the apprentice had ever heard, but with words like whispers carried in the wind. The woods seemed to echo in response, the rustle of leaves punctuating every syllable the elder articulated. The apprentice could feel the magic gather around them, moving in waves that matched the beat in the elder’s chant. The air became heavy, like gravity pulling the wrong way, and to the apprentice it soon became clear what the elder was doing. Her words were a command, pure and unmistakable, understood by the elements as if in compliance.


“You're not speaking to the elements themselves,” he explained to himself aloud. “You're communicating with them in a common tongue, aren't you?”


The elder’s smile became a grin, but she did not stop speaking that language forgotten by even the most powerful wizards of the east. She saw the light grow in the eyes of her young apprentice. He began to understand, but he did not see yet. She spoke new words now, and the small fire they had built to shelter themselves from the threat of darkness became a towering blaze. It twisted in a savage wind that fed it until the heat was too much to bear.


“That's impossible,” the apprentice muttered as he covered his face from the heat. One of the first things they taught at the academy was that one spell cannot control two elements at once, but here he witnessed wind and fire working together under a single string of words. “How are you doing this?”


The elder changed her words again, and with a burst of deafening sound the fire went out. The heat washed over the apprentice before the cold came rushing in. Her voice was a low hum now, deep and harsh, and the moon revealed itself from behind the darkened clouds above. The apprentice could not hear her words with his ears, but somehow could understand them with his mind.


There is no such thing as elements, child. The wind feeds the fire, the fire moves the wind, the wind shifts the heat and the cold comes in its absence. It is all a balance, and these words can harness the flow of it.


“These are the dead tongues,” the elder spoke with her own voice, now. “Tongues that were not created, like the ones you learn at the academy, but learned in times when the humans could still hear the world. Words that do not obey the rules made up by lesser wizards, but the truth from whence they came.”


“Can I learn them?” the apprentice blurted out without hesitation, a deep resolve sparking in his voice. “Like they did? The people before our ancestors, I mean.”


“There is much you would need to learn before you can even think of using this kind of magic, child,” replied the elder as she sat down with the help of her cane. “But given enough time, you just might.”

Edit: small word and grammar corrections.