I never liked the Earth anyways.

Come, to think of it, I've never liked people either. It wasn't my upbringing, that's just the way it's always been. I was disillusioned, the called me dettatched. My family always did their best to support and accept it.  My peers did not.

It all happened in first grade. The school had just let us outside for recess, I had taken up a seat on a bench, as I always did, and shut my eager eyes as I  dreamt. I never bothered with the other kids, my birthplace had become a social stigma I had no power over... but boy, did I miss it. I dreamt as my imagination launched me into the atmosphere, past the blue sky. Into murky blackness. All the other kids had pieces of their homeland, I guess this was mine. My visions of God's perspective.  

My daydream was yanked back down to Earth with the sound of a mock battle, shrill laughter and gusts of magical abilities. I let my gaze wander to it, to find a crowd cheering, and whispeeing, and two boys haughtily demonstrating their powers. It was easy to guess where they hailed from.

One was from the mountains. He was a "Highlander". He could see from above, by unknown means, and control air pressure locally. The other was from the deserts. He was a "Dust Holder", and could control particulates of things, such as the amount of water or adrenaline in his blood. He was also subject to the cliche of being able to control sand, although his control of particulates allows him to become uncommonly strong.

The Highlander had the upper hand. It was a fair fight, and the Dust Holder knew it. He hung his head in shame and moped off. I scoffed. Why go through all that if it ended in hurt feelings? I thought it was needless, and mean, and that people were needless and mean... I wanted justice...so I didn't resist when the Higlander challenged me either.

Next thing I new, I stood before him as he got into a fighting stance. I didn't bother, I wasn't trying to win. I was trying to avenge the Dust Holder. I was trying to *hurt* the other one... because he hurt the Dust Holder. I clenched my fist and stared at him, and he charged me.

I don't know why he bothered. My fist made contact first, echoing like a deep clang of metal. And when I looked back, I didn't recognize a person. He was locked in position, but, he was bent. Where I had punched him seemed to have ripped outwards, warping him into the shape of the letter S, like a smear on Photoshop. The area around him bent light, and his body was frozen into a contorted ripple. His smudged eyes start to bleed, he was dead now.

I learned my power. The few days I had there before I left, no one talked to me. I heard whispers, they called me "Gravity", or "Skywalker". But mostly, they called me "Space Bender." I was the first of my kind. But then they sent me back, back to orbit, with my mother. Oh well, I never liked the Earth anyways.

Come, to think of it, I've never liked people either...