My earliest memory was waking up in the pen with my litter mates. Harry had come and opened the gate and we all piled out. My brother Vasco lead the charge. Harry said he was named Vasco because he loved to explore like Vasco Da Gama.  I guess I don’t really know who that was. Anyways, all seven of us young pups were free to explore the vast wooded property.

Today was different though. I noticed to new humans there that day. They seemed like interesting people.  I always had more interest in people. They were just more interesting than other dogs.  The younger of the two was named Chris. The older man he called dad was  named Larry. I walked over towards Chris. He scooped me up and held me.  Harry chuckled and said, “well, the secret is that the dog often picks its master not the other way around.” I of course didn’t know what he meant, but I was getting belly rubs and ear scratches. Who was I to complain?  Then Chris passed me to Larry and I got more belly rubs. That was exciting. We visited for the day and then they left.  Later in the evening Harry came and put a collar on me and all at once I had a name.  He was calling me Doc. I liked it well enough and life went on.

A few weeks later the Chris returned.  He scooped me up and we got into something called a truck and off we went. Our destination was a land called home.  After hours of driving we arrived at a giant green palace. Chris let me out of the truck and we entered the palace. I was excited to explore this new kingdom. I entered what they called the living room and there I saw him sitting on the leather throne. Larry must be the king I’m destined to serve.  They never called him the king technically I guess, but he was clearly the Lord of the Manor.  The Lady of the Manor they called Peggy. She was great too. She gave me plenty of treats and liked to call me Doc-E. There were also 3 boys who spent time with me too. Chris was the youngest, Andy was the middle child and Casey was the eldest.  Eventually the boys started bringing other ladies around too. They all spoiled me and I loved it, wouldn’t you?

Over the years, dad and I many great adventures.  I loved all of them.  Almost everyday started with a trip to a place dad called “the park”.  Sometimes the adventure was to work, sometimes it was to the bank and sometimes to other kingdoms all together. I loved going no matter the duration and did not like when dad went without me. 

My favorite time of year was the fall. The war against the birds waged seasonally for years.  Dad would visit the armory and grab his firearm and we’d set off. The brush was deep and thorns were sharp, but it was so much fun.  The scrapes and scratches never bothered me. We had to fight and we had to win.  Most times I wasn’t allowed to sleep on the bed with dad, but after a long day in afield he let me sleep there.

Years went by and my body started to let me down. Jumping in and out of the truck became difficult. Dad would still take me on adventures though. He carefully lifted me into the cab so I could go along. I was never much for the topper covered back of the truck and dad never really made me ride back there.

The time came eventually for me to to leave my dad, mom and the family. It was a hard time for everyone, but it was the right thing to do. I couldn’t see much and moving was a challenge. I ached most of the time. I had developed a problem walking and getting up. As the time approached I knew everyone was sad.  I decided to perk up one more time. I made my rounds of the family saying my goodbyes.  I stopped last for one more ear scratch from dad.  I then settled into my bed and the nice young lady gave me a shot. I got very tired and went to sleep knowing I had lived a great life full of adventure, danger and love. You should all be so lucky.