"How?"
"I'm not sure, muscle memory I guess."
I pushed his twisted and jagged scythe away with my sword but he quickly returned with another deadly swing. Only a secon to react and I parried once more. The blades caused sparks to fly and my curtains to catch fire. Death ignored the fire, he was only focused on me.

He came down on me once more. I did manage to block it but the scythe broke a hole right the middle of my longsword. Luckily I had something else above the mantle, a katana. But he quickly swiped it out of my hands with the curve of his scythe. Two could play at that game.
I reached for the cornucopia on my kitchen table and pulled out a crescent moon sword from it. With the sword's circular shape I was able to hook death's scythe, even socked his jaw right off.

"No one can escape death," he said as he began to twirl his scythe so fast that he started to disappear into a whirlwind of fire and splintering wood.

My sword flew right out of my hands and left me with so few options. I leapt as well as these old bones aloud me to and picked up a gift I had all wrapped up for my granddaughter's birthday. Death's blade tore it open as I held it in my hands and I pulled out the practice rapier from it's broken casing.

I got into my stance and lunged back at him while keeping out of his reach as best I could. I had a plan: to try my best to push him back into my living room where the fire started and get to a stronger sword.

By then he had clearly gritted frustrated with me. He screamed out and suddenly his scythe grew an extra blade on the opposite end. I knew I had taken a risk runing back into that fire but there wasn't much I could do. I dropped as the scythe spun over me and jammed into the wall behind me.

He streaked across the room still screaming his raspy scream and his bony fingers sharpened up and sliced visable lines through the air. I rolled over to the lazy boy I was sitting in at the start of all this and pulled it's lever, the foot rest popped out and acted as a one time shield as his claws ripped through them, but by that time I had grabbed my knitting needles and jabbed them into his empty eye sockets. He shot backwards while I crawled to my original long sword he cut into. It was burning hot but I was able to use it to cut off his entire left shoulder with it.

Death fell back to the floor crawling backwards and I took his scythe from the wall and held it in my hands. It made me feel powerful. He begged for his life when he saw me with it too. I thought about it, thought about what he wanted to do to me and him begging the same not happen to him. I had a choice to make . . . But, eh, I let him go. No big deal.

He shot out of there as fast as he could and I haven't seen him since. As for me, well, no one can escape death, so here I am. New grim reaper.

The woman looked at him in shock and discust. It was an ubelivable story but his skeleton WAS partly showing as he floated in the air wearing a black cloak and glowing green eyes. She eventually responded. "That still doesn't excuse you giving my daughter a scythe embuned with dark powers for her birthday. It's unacceptable."

"What can I do?" The new grim reaper asked. "Her old gift burned in the fire. Besides I'm more of a longsword guy myself."