"How It All, Like, Went Down And Stuff"

Well, man, the morning of my fifteenth birthday started like any other, you know? I had just been dumped by Christie- Chrissie? Christine? Called her Chris. Anyway I had been dumped by Chris so I didn't have any plans, you know? 

And I wake up and trudge down to the bathroom to pee and stuff, and there in the mirror is like this miles-long monstrosity with slimy purple tentacles and eyestalks glowing blue and green.

Really ended up missing the bowl that time, let me tell you.

And that thing in the mirror flaps and oozes until a slimy green gash opens up beneath a nasty bunch of craters, and then from that gash comes a voice all like "Jefffffff.... Killlllll.... Chrisssssss...."

And I'm like, No man, I would rather go down to the beach, maybe chill at the arcade if it's all the same to you. 

And then I go back to my room to maybe throw on some jeans or whatever, and then there's like this twelve-foot-person-of-indeterminate-gender-in-white-armor just, like, standing outside my window!

And I'm all like, Hey man! Ma'am! Sir! Would you like to climb on down, and maybe have some Cheerios or what-not? Because the cereal was still in my room from last night, man, and I wasn't gonna go all the way to the kitchen for a person who couldn't even wrap their head all the way around doors, if you see what I mean?

And twelve foot holds out this flaming blue baseball bat and is all like, Be The Hand of God! In a voice like a whole a capella group! 

And I tell 'em thanks, but I'm more of a Zeno Clash guy myself, and is that *my* baseball bat?

Then in the evening mom and dad sit me down, and Mom is all like, Remember I told you about that time in the mountains when all those logs cut loose from that big rig and crushed those horses?

And I am like, Yeah?

And Mom says, Well, I couldn't really save them on my own, so I promised the soul of my firstborn as a vassal to Lord Haldiram: The Lite, The Daring, The Wise, The Twice-Married, The Mostly Continent, The Colder Than Ice Y'All, The Most Savage Rimer In the Galaxy (Third Place), The-

And I am like, Whoa mom, too many adjectives, man!

And then Dad is like remember I told you about that time we were broke with nothing to eat and we couldn't even afford a cardboard box for you to Transmogrify in?

And I am like, Yeah?

And Dad says Well I won the lottery twice that year and also avoided running that guy over because I sold your soul to Axrygygrhxwpsteilwhe The Nocturnal in return.

And I am like What Guy? And also I preferred Mom's rationale! And like Whoa, dad, too few vowels, man!

Just some guy who never died, Dad says, before turning to Mom and going, We might have a problem.

I'll say, says Mom, we went to the mountains with that money, and also I thought you said you never ran anyone over that day.

So, then, like, it turned out that these two beings belonged to different pantheons and stuff, so me picking either would result in a war to wipe out Earth, and also picking neither would make us broke and land dad in prison and also make some very surprised horses drop dead fifteen years ago.

So in the end we ask arrived on a compromise, where on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays I go stable-cleaning and being vassal to Haldiram (which mostly involves carrying weapons and sending fruit baskets to families of people killed accidentally during horseplay). 

Then on Tuesdays Thursdays and Saturdays I go to the Nether dimension with that Nocturnal person from the mirror. They like to take me apart and then reconstitute me while inflicting hideous agony, but they also have this fifty foot upside-down tree that's like a living bong or something, so mostly we just take turn sucking on roots and seeing who can toke longer (Axryg is a total pushover despite being hundreds of miles across when corporeal).
 
On Sundays we all just kinda gather at my place or one of theirs and take turns killing my parents (before they are painfully reconstituted). I figure I am maybe another two or three more lotteries and a 'one bad day' montage away from making Batman.

Haldiram says I have, like, the potential to make a great hero in my own right, due to an unflagging sense of justice, and an unwillingness to be clouded by familial relations, and a kickass mentor who totally knows all the Ninja moves that I will learn when I am worthy.

Axrygygrhxwpsteilwhe sometimes says Shouldaaa Kiillllllled Chrisssssss next to my ear when (s)he thinks I am sleeping but I don't pay any attention. 

Mostly.