He's back again. The rustle of feathers is just barely audible over constant *drip, drip, drip* of water that fills my cell. 

I know if I could turn my head, I would see those wings, gleaming black and iridescent in the eerie way that reminds me of an oil spill. Choking and dangerous, yet beautiful in its own twisted way.

Today, though, he's different somehow. During all his other visits he had immediately launched into the 'talking' part, chattering away about everything and nothing and sometimes digressing into a language that made me simultaneously want to rip my ears off and hear more. 

It's something about the energy around him - it's humming, more intense than usual, and I can feel it build up in the air around me like static electricity.

A cold hand touches my forehead. It's a searing type of cold - a chill so painful that it bypasses your skin and seems to spear straight into your bones. 

"Are you willing to accept the fact that you may die here?"

If my mouth were not gagged, I would have laughed. Then again, I think they took my tongue a while ago, so maybe not. 

*Of course,* I think. *It's my destiny to die here. Especially after all that I've done.*

He doesn't reply to that.

Time passes. What remains of my hand has stopped bleeding. Small blessings.

"I'll miss having someone to talk to." I don't reply, because I get the sense that he's working through something - that simple declarative is saturated with this sense of heavy meaning, like there's something I'm supposed to be understanding. 

I blink a few times. I think they've turned on the noise cancelling machine - they've perfected it during their time with me, and the absence of noise is going to bring the hallucinations soon. 

"Destiny, you said...fuck destiny. I'm getting you out of here."

I blink a few times. I guess it's time for me to die then. I take one last breath and close my eyes. I've learnt from prior experience that looking directly at him makes my eyes burn and my throat sore from screaming. It's a pity I can't really move to shift to a more comfortable position. Well, I'll be dead soon, so it shouldn't be much of a concern for much longer.

That cold, cold hand covers my eyes. Something beckons - a dark, yearning emptiness, like the bottom of a pool of ink. I follow it. And before I fade away, I hear a breathless whisper in my ear:

"Death isn't an ending, dear mortal. Death brings new beginnings, new paths that sprout and feed from the ashes of the ones before them. And I am the *Angel* of Death."

The voice grows fainter. Everything is warm. *Warmth*. I had forgotten what that had felt like. All the pain is gone too. I relax. If this is death, then I should have asked for it long ago. It's quiet now. A peaceful quiet. I drift. 

I am pulled back, tugged forward by invisible reins, commanding and demanding.

"I am the Angel of Death, but I am also the Angel of New Beginnings - and this is yours, mortal, so sieze it - take your past and use it to carve out your future."

The reins are urgent now, yanking me forward, further and further away. The warmth, the peace, is receding, and I grasp desperately at it, pained by the certainty that it will never return. 

"I will see you again, mortal."

&#x200B;

I open my eyes.