The Pimp

It was Thursday May 3rd, two nights after I pulled off craziest the heist to have ever happened in the Metropolitan area by a security worker of the 3rd most successful bank in state. Trust me, I can’t tell a lie, so you know this is true. Due to my unswaying honesty I was able to work my way to the top and was the head of security for Jaystrom Nation Bank. I worked hard for the most part but sometimes a man must save himself from the “Groundhog Day” style duce that God has shat upon us. Yeah, I did it, I stole every bit of money that sat in the giant vault within the bank. Well, except for the change. Stephanie hates change, and I hate that stupid bitch. Of course that was a good 45 years 23 hours and 23, 24, 25 seconds ago. My grandson, Allen asked me if I did it and of course I said yes, but I tried to leave it at that. “Do you want to tell me how you did it Grandpa?” Allen asked. I wanted to say no, but in all honesty, I needed to tell someone how it happened, because it was honestly badass – no, no, no, I was bad ass.
	Little did I know how excited I really was to finally reveal how it all went down. You’d think the constant honesty would get me in trouble here, but yet again it was the reason why I’m free and still getting laid at 72. Well, that and the endless amounts of money I stole. Honestly, I don’t even remember which bitch Allen’s mother is, but in all honestly the amount of shit I give is minimal. Yes, I’m a pimp and yes I am proud. Anyways let’s get back to the juicy stuff. 
	The night was windy with a slight drizzle of rain that made small puddles on the pot-hole infested roads. I remember looking into the small puddles and seeing my slicked back hair with my cool dark mustache, and damn I looked good. When I got to work I sat down in my chair and started checking all the cameras – more specifically, the one I strategically placed in the women’s restroom. After a few hours of watching the cameras I felt a disturbance in my stomach, not the “I’m going to destroy the hell out of the toilet” feeling, but the “I need something to replace the depression I have in my life” feeling. That something was a sugary unhealthy snack that goes by the name of “Fun Dip”. I fucking loved Fun Dip. I quickly headed towards the vending machine after I saw “Hot Stacy” go into the women’s bathroom to change. I knew I couldn’t miss a chance to watch her cute ass change on a small TV screen with shitty quality by myself. I pulled out my wallet and grabbed two one’s and put them into the vending machine. This was the moment my life changed forever, the vending machine took my money. Filled with rage I slapped the shit out of the machine until my hands turned blue. Not to mention I missed Stacy changing into her gym clothes before leaving work, but I lost my last two dollars of spending money my mother gave me for the week. Yes, I was 27 and I still lived with my mom, but that’s beside the point. I felt like life betrayed me, I was a good man and I always told the truth and this is what the universe gave to me!? At that moment I decided to take the universe by the reigns and ride that bitch into the sunset. 
	As I locked up for the night I planned how I was going to do it. How was I going to turn off all the cameras, open the vault, make the place look like it was broken into, where I’d store the money, and how I’d find an excuse as to why I deleted all the security camera footage. The details aren’t important. Neither is the heist. The simple fact is I pulled it off and I became one rich motherfucker. After grabbing all the money and putting it into my car, I stashed the money and headed home. As expected, I was jolted out of a particularly nice daydream during work the next morning and taken to the precinct. The questioning didn’t last long.
	“So, do you know what happened here last night sir?” asked the detective who looked like a particularly ugly schnauzer.
“Yes, I actually do, the bank was robbed last night,”
	“And how would you know that? I hadn’t told you...”
	He was clearly trying to look menacing. It probably would’ve worked on anyone else, but I was a God. 
“Probably the obvious forced entry in the front of the building Sherlock,” I replied
	“So, are you saying you didn’t have anything to do with the crime?”
“No, I’m not not saying I did not do anything right or wrong here previously,” I paused for dramatic effect, “sir,”
	“Be straight with me boy! Are you saying you did it!?!” dog-face asked, clearly enraged.
“Well, there is obviously a chance I did do it, but then there is always a chance you could have done it as well,”
He didn’t enjoy my banter and got the word from his sergeant that he should arrest me until the investigation was done. After a few months I was prosecuted and given a court date. Of course I showed up on time with the finest Italian silk suit and the best lawyer money could buy. Wink wink. I wouldn’t say I was trying to stunt on them – I would say that’s exactly what I was doing. Looking back on it, I made it quite clear that I did steal the money and honestly the evidence backed it up completely. Obviously, I had this all under control and didn’t have anything to worry about. After I was completely outed as a criminal the jury was asked for their verdict, and they answered with a big fat NOT GUILTY. 
	“Wait Grandpa! If it was obvious that you did it, why didn’t they pronounce you guilty?” said little Allen.
“Well there young’un, your Grandpa was a pimp and pimps don’t just get bitches, pimps have monnaaaaay. I bribed everyone, including the judge. He wasn’t easily convinced, but once I threw in 7 years’ worth of my women’s bathroom footage, he was swayed. I bribed the jury with the money that I stole, the judge was bribed with some money and the tapes, and finally, I paid someone to confess to the crime afterward the fact, so I didn’t have to worry for the rest of my life,
	“Many people would say your grandfather was a pimp, Allen, but I would say I’m something that no man has ever done or been called before, I, my grandson, am the one and only HONEST Motha Fuckin’ Pimp this world has ever seen.”
