"Hey Donovan, you gettin' this?"

"Yeah, what do you make of it?"

"I got nothin'"

"Maybe it's from a tv show?"

"I don't know, they won't say"

I hang up.

"Johnny, may I talk to your friend again?"

"NO! You hurt her feelings, she doesn't like you"

"I didn't mean..."

"How would you feel if someone told you you didn't exist?"

It was strange. Johnny was one of many children with an imaginary friend, problem was their friend was one and the same, a woman named Sally. The children affected tended to act more mature than their age suggested, but in tests of mental age, they were still young. The consensus among my colleagues at the hospital was that the imaginary friend must have been from some form of media that the children consumed, although none of the children would talk about it, they became defensive once I suggested that Sally was imaginary, they say she would comfort them, tell them that the doctor just couldn't see her. 

The first case happened a few years ago, I heard a child talking to herself while she was waiting in front of my office. When I asked, she said she was talking to Sally. She said she was excited to see the doctor, and that she wasn't scared of shots. Ever since then, many of the children at our hospital began "talking" to Sally, physical checkups went smoothly, vaccines were easier to administer, but the number of parents worried about Sally grew, my schedule became way too full and I was becoming stressed. The other day, I decided to ask Donovan to help me out with the cases, we presented a case report together on the phenomenon. Who was Sally, why were the kids no longer afraid?

My last case today was at 11 P.M., I missed the last train so I decided to sleep at the office. That night, I dreamt of my mother, rest her soul, she descended from the heavens, white wings and robe.

"Everything will be okay"

"Mom, what..."

"There there child, everything will be alright"

"What are you talking about, wait, come back, Mom, MOM"

I looked over my schedule for the day, we had a meeting in the afternoon, and I planned to tell Donovan about my dream the night before. I received a phone call.

"Hey Bob, I talked to her last night, I talked to her"

"What?"

"Sally, I heard her in a dream last night"

"Whoa whoa, slow down, tell me the details, shit, write them down somewhere, what'd she tell you?"

"I don't know, something like, everything was gonna be okay"

Then it dawned on me... MOM, STOP IT, I'M A DOCTOR NOW, I CAN TAKE CARE OF THESE KIDS!!!

"I don't know Robert, those kids seem awful scared about coming to the hospital, they like talking to me though"

Come on, stop taking care of my kids

"If you only had any of your own, I wanted a grandchild before I died you know"

Where are you anyway? Come out!

"Don't worry Robert, I'll always be by your side"