At Earth Space Command (ESC) the representatives from the largest space agencies sat all starting at a large screen that read:

>We were wrong. Planet inhabited. Do not send rescue.  
<Last message received 49 hours, 32 minutes, 48 seconds>

The joy from the previous transmission had brought untold joy to the people of Earth. ESC had notified *all* news outlets of the grand news within minutes of the first message "Touchdown successful."

It seemed like the whole planet had cheered in one voice. No other news made headlines that day. *What do we do now?* pondered Dr. Ky Ren, the Director of the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs, who had been appointed as the head of the Mars & Other World Exploration. 

"First things first," said Ren, "not a word to ANY one without clearance - especially the press. The last thing we need is a media circus."

"Can the Ares Crew still transmit message?" asked Dr. Steven Carter, Director of the European Space Agency.

"All of our sensors indicate the communication systems are fully functional" replied Dr. Ren.

"For all we know, the Ares Crew are dead at this point. Their last message explicitly stated we should not send a rescue mission" said Dr. Anna Romanoff, Director of Roscosmos.

"True enough. Yet the message could have been written under duress" suggested Dr. Nick Hill, Director of NASA. "We do not have sufficient information to work with."

Dr. Ren angrily shouted "Who leaked the message to the press?!" as he switched input to a a newsroom with the sub heading reading "BREAKING NEWS: ARES CREW IN DANGER. ALIENS LIVE ON MARS"

"Well, whoever leaked the information must have a death wish" said Dr. Romanoff.

Dr. Carter let out a deep sigh and said "Seeing as how the world is beginning to panic. I feel we have no choice but to reveal the details regarding a secret project the ESA has been working on under strict orders for full secrecy. The ESA recovered what we believe to be a Martian space craft that crash landed during the last meteor shower over the EU."

Dr. Hill was the first to respond "I knew it! What have you learned? Please, there must be some knowledge we can use to save Ares Crew!"

Dr. Carter sat thoughtful for several moments before responding "The ship was not able to provide much information other than it appears that the level of technology of the Martians is slightly behind that of Earth. Their space ship appears to have been sent as a probe, similar to the Viking 2 lander we sent to Mars in the 1970s. It appears the Martian people may have been trying to learn more about Earth."

Dr. Carter looked at Dr. Hill, Dr. Romanoff, and Dr. Ren in turn, before continuing "It is my hypothesis that Ares Crew has made contact with our Martian neighbors and we have unexpectedly initiated first steps of the Earth's first interplanetary treaty."