"I'm serious, it's done. That whole cliche of 'The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled', I did that for a reason, okay? I'm out of the game. Done. Retired." The Devil seemed to think my shoulder was a typewriter as every word was punctuated by a not so tender jab. He was just about to press on when the door was kicked in.

"No, if anybody's getting out of all these craptastic writing prompts, it's me; Time Traveling Hitler!" And lo and fucking behold in goose stepped that murderous little asshole.

"Dude, where's your German?" I asked, of all things. I know, but seriously, he didn't even have an accent.

"I'm a Time Travel, duh. There's a drug in the distance future, for pretty much everything."

"Everything?" Lucifer and I both asked at the same time. Did we just become best friends?

"Jah, I mean 'yes'." Nodded the future hopping Fuhrer.

"So why not just take a pill to make you completely unaware of all these prompts? Or maybe stay in the future when there might not be so many, if any? I can't imagine you are the worst, I mean we eventually do get off the planet, right? We have to make some bigger blunders than you and Trump, right?" I asked, practically pleaded.

Hitler gaped for a second, closed his mouth, and gaped again. "Fine! Yeah, that's what I was going to do anyway! And see if I time travel back here anymore!" And with that Hitler slammed the door and was never seen again (save the many, many time traveling and/or Hitler related prompts on r/WritingPrompts).

Lucifer blinked, he was at a loss for words. "Well, okay. Um, look, that doesn't sound like a bad idea for me either. I'm just gonna go, hope forward a few thousand years. Because apparently there are just time machines everywhere." He started towards the door, and then stopped. "Oh yeah, and because I'm such a nice guy, check it out!" The Devil pulled a remote out of his pocket. It was labeled Inane Serial Killer Prompts. It had a dial. It was currently only set to 5 (What the fuck, *only* 5!?). With a devilish grin he cranked it to 11 and snapped the knob off. "Have a nice time on that internet now, Slick!" And with that, the Devil was gone as well.