Stupid. Stupid. I hit the ground again, hard, knocking all of the air out of my chest. Another bolt of pain shoots through my leg, and I gasp. Ah, mistake mistake. My head hurts, hard to.... hard to think. My tongue feels dry, vision shaky. It’s already happening, bodily functions stopping, brain cells dying. Proteins unwrapping, distorting. I know the science but, God, who knew it was so fucking painful?

The pharmacy, I needed to go to the pharmacy. I needed to go to the pharmacy. Stupid. Shouldn’t have gone on my own, but what I needed, what I had to check... Stupid. God damn it all.

I try to stand, getting halfway before falling again. Shit, shit. Got to hurry, got to..... got to before there’s nothing left. Now I’m leaning on a tree, but I don’t remember why. Where am I? What’s happening? Warmth, warmth on my leg. Sticky, I lean and touch it, this stuff. Congealed, diseased. These are bad words, important words.

Head... head... burning. It burns now, my veins. My lungs. Must hurry, not long not long not long. Gate. Gate. I lean against it, and start shaking it. Scream, must scream now. They will find me, they must find me. I see the combat fatigues, hear them running to me, hear the living blood pulsing through their..... Scream with the last living air in my body, bloodstream dying dying blood blood in them pulsing flowing hunnngry head hurts oh god it hurts it burns but they are close so close screeeaaammmm

                                   ———
“The guards dragged her in from outside, no-one even knew she had left the compound.”
“It’s a damn shame, damn shame. One of our best scientists, what will we tell her husband?”
“Still alive, just, but the cure won’t do anything for her. It’s too late.”

She hears the voices, just, but they don’t make much sense. Garbled words she once knew, strung together. Too many people talking, too many people. The smell of their blood is rich, different, hunger reigns. But she holds on, for there is something important, something they must know.

Someone is going through her bag, taking out the things they can salvage. A box, a dusty box, contains her secret. The person holds it, unbelieving for one moment. Opens it, and gasps. No, not possible how can it be possible? He drops it and runs to the other room, where they are preparing to end her life. They are praying for her. He bursts through the door, the words cut off and everyone looks to him.

“Pregnant.” He gasps, knowing there was still time. “She’s pregnant, give her the fucking shot!”

She smiles.