Steven was in his lab when he heard the crash. 

It shook his world, sending bottles of cleaning product clattering to the concrete floor. More than one vial of glass broke. 

"Jesus Martha!" He screamed. "You leave the stove on again? Martha?" 

He blinked, and suddenly he was outside with a bag of blue crystals in one hand. He jingled it merrily. That had to be record time, or perhaps he had forgotten how long it usually took him to get into the yard. Either way, he supposed that this batch was a good one. 

A REALLY good one, judging by the thing he saw sitting in a crater on his lawn. It was sliver - or, at least the parts of it that hadn't been charred black looked silver-ish. At one point it might have been sleek, shaped like a squat teardrop, but now it just looked like a mess. 

"Martha? You in there?" Steven asked. "This ain't a very funny joke if you is." 

If Martha was in the strange thing, she didn't answer. Steven looked at the ring of fire expanding from the crater and frowned. The lawn was no loss - most of it had been dead or dirt anyway - but he couldn't afford a fire in his lab. Might draw suspicion, after all. So he set about trying to stamp it out, not even noticing that he didn't have on his shoes. 

He was so preoccupied with cursing at the flames that he didn't even notice when a circular doorway of light appeared in the side of the strange craft. What slumped out of the thing was not Martha, as Steven had supposed, but something far, far stranger. It had a bulbous head, round as a beach ball, with only a single eye covered in strange lumps. It stood tall on three suckered tentacles, a head or two taller than Steven even from inside the crater. It was also, apparently, very drunk. 

<Give me...the thing...> It said, the universal translator around its neck slurring the words appropriately. <I need it...just a bit more...> 

"Who the hell are you?" Steven asked, whirling around. "I don't recall inviting any guests to come hang about. Get the hell off my prop-" 

He caught a glimpse of the creature and stopped mid-sentence. Steven squinted, as if trying to make something out, looked away, and then looked back. Nope. It was still there. 

<I smell it!> The creature said. <Give it to me!> 

It rose up, extending a tentacle over the top of the crater, and pulled itself free of the wreckage. Steven gave a yelp like a kicked dog. 

"Get the hell away from me, you freak 'o nature!" He yelled, backing away. But the thing didn't seem to be in a mood for bargaining. 


<Stronger! It smells stronger!> It screeched, opening a rounded spike-filled mouth just under its eye. <Give it to me, tiny thing! Give me your blood!> 


It was all Steven could take. He screamed. 

"I said go!" He said, fleeing, but the thing was right at his heels.

<Blood! I smell blood!> It crowed, and half-tumbled in his direction. For all of its efforts, it only succeeded at slamming into the side of his garage. 

"Watch it!" Steven yelled "There's valuable stuff in there!"  But again, the thing ignored him, content to tumble vaguely after him. 

Steven ran into the road, trying to put as much distance between himself and the bizarre creature as he could. "I don't want no trouble, just get the hell out of here!" He screamed, running to the tree-lined corner at the end of his street. If he could only get behind it, maybe he had a chance. 

<Blood! Blood! It smells good, please! I'm jonesing so hard, I just need a few liters!> It pleaded. 

Steven clenched his teeth. It was so close now, slopping up behind him like a rotten octopus. It was too big, too fast - there was no way he could get away. "Lord Jesus, way up in heaven." He said. "I know I ain't been the most Christian of folk, but I swear if you save me I'll do good. I'll change - I won't do no drugs no more, I promise! Please!" He tripped over the side of the steep curve, falling to the dirt, and he knew he was dead.  

Fortunately for him, he was wrong. Right at that very moment, a driver came screaming around the corner, barreling ahead without bothering to slow down or look. Behind him, there was a sickening squelch, the screeching of wheels, and a blaring horn as the car collided with something big, wet, and slimy. 

Steven looked up, spitting dirt from his mouth, and crowed in victory. "THANK YOU JESUS!" He said, kissing the dirt. 

The thing was dead. 

"Steven? Did you leave the stove on again?" Cried a woman with rollers in her hair from a nearby window. "What the hell is that thing?" 

Steven didn't respond. He was looking at the creature where it lay on the pavement, oozing thick blue blood. It was beautiful, Steven thought. Beautiful and so, so familiar. 

Ignoring both his wife and the irate honking of the driver, Steven knealt down in the road beside the thing and dipped a finger in the goo. A clump of it stuck to his nail, glistening like crystal. He stuck it in his mouth and gasped. 

"Martha!" he called. "Call the boys and get the buckets! We're gonna be RICH!" 