Claire, a Unitarian Universalist Minister, was in the middle of officiating a wedding when she suddenly finds herself on a deserted island - a beautiful prison. Disoriented, she says to herself, "Where am I?" A gentle voice whispers in her head, "That doesn't matter. Look, there's not much time." She looks around and no one is there. "Who are you?!" "Not important. Humans are on trial. You murdered one of us and you're the only species that did." "One of you? Wait, only species?!" "You called him a Messiah, a savior. You are being asked to justify his murder. You only have an hour to gather your thoughts, use it wisely." "What happens if I can't justify it?" There's only silence. "Hello?" Falling breathlessly to the sand, she is numb. 

One hour later, a council appears around her. They represent the Inter-Galactic Holy Church; each member in a different form. She hears a booming voice in her head, explaining the crimes of her species and asking her to justify it. She squares her shoulders and replies, "We are a single outlier in your test and I'm ignorant of the other species. How can you ask me to explain that difference?" A familiar voice speaks up, "Give her a week and access to the archives." The council members agree.

The council disappears and the contents of her office falls to the beach, with everything in its place. Her computer is on and the archive is open. Thankful for the familiarity, she gets to work. 

Her time is up. The office vanishes and she is surrounded by the council. "State your case, human." Claire takes a deep breath and begins, "For each test, you calculated when a species would be evolved enough to handle it. Your calculation for Earth was off by 4,000 years." 

She continued, "When you sent your tester we weren't even aware of the scope of our planet. Even today, the majority of us still see our shared world as divided land. The weakest of us seek power through pain and can only hear a message of peace when they see someone suffer for it. Jesus' murder created our first major shift and was a catalyst for others. Most of Earth's humanitarians were assassinated, self-sacrificed, imprisoned, or afflicted with poor health before their message made a significant impact."

After a long pause, the council leader asked, "Jesus, do you agree with this justification?" He replied, "As soon as I arrived, I knew they weren't ready. This trial gave them a chance to prove their progress and they have passed. We will recalculate the time and I will return when they've matured." The council agreed. Without warning, Claire was back at the wedding. When she had a moment alone she heard Jesus' voice, that friendly voice from the very beginning, saying, "Your sacrifice will make a major shift. You have seven years to get your message out, use them wisely. I'm proud of you, Claire."