*Sigh.*

I can hear it every time. Really, **every** time. That dumb voice that booms out whatever John does.

It really isn't fair, you know? John doesn't really *do* anything. He's the camp cook, and that's what drives me crazy! 

Look, we have a lot of talent here, and I'm not saying that John isn't good at what he does, he's a fine camp cook. He makes everything at least smell appealing enough for us to forget where the slop came from. He's a nice guy.

But Jorge? He's nine feet tall. Never fit through a doorway his whole life. I've seen him cut fully armored baddies in half. *In half!* Do you know how much strength that takes? Even with his size, he trains every single day. For three hours a night he picks up and throws giant rocks around.

Lucinda is literally an elf princess. Like, the princess of the last of her people. She's been with us a long time, and she knows how to talk to trees. When the Serpentstone of Shandralah was stolen by the warlock Von Deathenheimer, she somehow opened up a path between the fucking trees and we were able to sneak into his castle via the roots growing up into the cellar.

Wilgold Laughshield is some kinda...like...little person who is able to infuse magic into his music. On top of that he knows a bunch of weird tricks. I once saw him hitting on a farmer's wife in a half-giant town. When the farmer attacked, he pulled a handful of glitter out of his pocket and blew it into the farmer's eyes! I've seen him put things into, and take things out of that pocket before and absolutely nothing is ever covered in glitter. And he refuses to tell me.

And me? Look, when I was eleven, the raider Bilhelm the Bold attacked my village and killed my parents right in front of me. Ever since that day, I've had a mohawk that changes colors periodically. I don't dye it or style it that way, ever. It just happens. And when we confronted Bilhelm the third time, he was about to "finish me off for good" (his words), and I fucking burst into flames and destroyed him and the unholy magic keeping him alive.

And during all of this, John was in his cooks tent. So why do I have to hear about his "heroic" struggles of peeling twelve potatoes in three minutes? Why do I never get to hear about how awesome the rest of us are?

Why does this keep happening?