"I'm not doing that shit."

The former UFC fighter was pretty swollen up and bloody from his recent "comeback." He mouthed off to a younger champion on live TV and wound up in the hospital 6 months later in the worst shape of his life. His eyes were swollen shut and doctors were worried about a brain aneurysm due to sustained trauma to the face and head. 

"Keep your hands up next hands time, dude. Or retire like you said you would."

"So let me get this straight." 
The former UFC fighter looked at the doctor in the eye. 

"You want to put me in a medically induced coma so my ghost can beat the shit out of the ghost that's haunting the psych ward of the hospital? 

"Uhh... If you want to put it like that, sure."

"What the fuck, Doc?!" It sounded like a whisper as the former UFC fighter lay incapacitated on the hospital bed with all sorts of tubes and shit going in him.

"Look, I ain't any fucking Doc. I'm fucking Dean of the hospital!  We'll cover your bills if you throw in an autograph. And I'm serious about the ghost in the psych ward. It's so bad, our local insurance companies are shitting bricks. I'm willing to do anything to get them off our asses. Use that 'out-of-body experience' to bust that ghost. Down the hall, past the cafeteria."

The UFC fighter was speechless. 

"Look, we gotta operate on your noggin and you gotta decide right now for liability purposes. Yes or no, goddamnit!"

"Fine, shit, yes! I can't afford no---"

The nurse pushed the plunger and the former champ was knocked out for the second time that night.
 
When he came to, his hospital room was empty and it had a spooky red tint to it with darker lighting. The tubes and shit were gone, so the champ was free to walk around, having crossed over.

When he got up, he looked he looked back and there he was, himself, laying in the hospital bed in the coma with the tubes and shit. Before he could inspect further, he heard noise down the hall.

A pounding noise. A grunt. Panting. Champ creeped toward the noise, scared out of his mind, but powering forth anyway, just like his rookie days. 

"I AIN'T SCARED OF YOU, GHOST. YOU PUNK ASS LITTLE BITCH." Champ called out. He passed the cafeteria and reached the double doors of the psych ward right by the netherworld's version of the main lobby. 

"WHO YOU CALLING A PUNK ASS BITCH!" He heard the deep voice yell back from behind the doors. The pounding grew. It was coming. Champ started bouncing and warming up his hands.

"Let's go, motherfucker. You and me."

Then all the lights shut off, which caused a momentary panic in the fighter. But then...Tupac. Rapping about gettin it on till he die very loudly from some kind of sound system. A spotlight appeared to shine on the psych ward double doors. And as confetti exploded from the ceiling, a young, brash challenger burst through the doors.

He had his wrapped hands over his hands as he ran around the lobby in a specially designed show hood with a brightly adored pair of Mexican flag/American flag/Trinidadian flag Tapout shorts. The hood was cast aside to reveal a 6'2, 290 lbs UFC fighter with a boxing background, 21 years old and athletically in the prime of his life. No one other but...the Champ.

Former Champ was confused in his flabby middle age. 

"You're me! You're the ghost?"

"I'm not the ghost, you're the ghost, sucka! You washed up old flabby soft D-list celebrity! I'm what's hot! I'm what people will remember! And I'm the one to beat your ass for good."

"You forgot who you're talking to boy," the older man said. "I'm the fucking Champ. At 21, I wasn't even in the UFC yet. I was still fucking around in the boxing gym and slinging dope. Why am I fighting you anyway? What the hell is this?"

The ref stepped forward. It was none other than the Dean. "You're the Dean of the hospital right? What are you doing here?"

The ref smiled. 

"In a way, I'm the Dean of *all* the hospitals."

The mask was peeled off to reveal the boney visage of the Old Reaper. Now Champ understood. 

Eerily, he was grateful for the opportunity to fight for his life. No matter what the outcome, the Champ was going out on top. The fighters squared off. Round 1.

Ding.



 