"I think we should cut them up into tiny little bits, and feed their flesh to their offspring! Buahahahaha!" 

"I don't know why you would lower yourself to using that psychopath of a sword, magic is obviously the more elegant solution." 

"I'm not saying we can't fight, but avoiding a problem can be the same as winning one..." 

"I'm with the shoes on this one. I don't have to protect you if you never put yourself in harm's way. "

I sighed, rubbing my hand over my face in exasperation. "They're just measly little goblins. As much as I hate to say it, I think this isn't nearly important enough to use magic. I'm with the sword this time...er...except the bit about cannibalism. That's pretty messed up." 

"Fine, fine," hissed the sword, "I didn't want to have fun today anyway. But I do get to cut them up right? I get to drink their blood?" 

"Sociopath," whispered the boots. 

"Coward," hissed the sword. 

"I suppose you're right, Henry. These low level creatures aren't worthy of my mighty magiks." the spell book's voice was deep and pleasing as always. 

"Right, so we're all in agreement then?" I asked. 

"I still think running away is the better option, not that anyone cares what I think..."

"You're right, nobody cares what you think," hissed the sword. 

In rough agreement, I stalked into the mouth of the cave, lichen coated the walls in thick layers, claw marks could be seen ground into the wall.

"Not that I expect you lot would understand this, but goblins carve primitive symbols in the walls of their caves to warn away other goblin clans. The marks we just passed weren't just claw marks, they announced that a goblin clan is in residence here," the book somehow managed to sound like its nose was held high in the air. 

"Blood, blood blood," chanted the sword.

"If that's true, they might be dangerous. We should leave. If we turn back now, we can use my enchantment to get us back to town in twenty minutes!" the boots attempted and failed to sound cheerful. 

"We are committed now, and I intend to protect our master from all harm! They will break their claws upon my face." 

As we walked, the smell of urine, feces, and worse assailed my nose. A small symbol appeared in the corner of my vision—a flashing nose which read: Horrid smell debuff -2 to perception. 

"Blood, blood blood," chanted the sword.

The shield waled in fury, activating its ability to dismiss all status debuffs. In a flash of light, the debuff vanished. I swore loudly and unimaginatively, "What the hell did you do that for? I don't need perception, I'm not an archer!" 

The shield whimpered, "I'm sorry...I just didn't want you to suffer. I can't imagine if anything happened to you."  

I sighed, "It's fine, but now I'm vulnerable to poison attacks, I'll need to use magic to cure any status I get in the future." 

To add insult to injury, the bad smell debuff came back less than a minute later. 

"Blood, blood blood," chanted the sword.

We stepped out into a large open cavern, I could see dozens of goblins milling about in loose formations, patrolling the caves. Beyond them, I could see what looked to be hundreds of sleeping figures around multiple campfires. My blood went cold. 

"I....I think we should run," said the boots. 

"Blood, blood blood," chanted the sword.

"I tend to agree with the boots on this one guys, and shut up with the blood thing. You're creeping me out." 

I turned to retreat from the cave—this would need a subjugation squad from the Empire. There was no way we'd be able to take them all down by-

"Use my magiks boy! We can slay the entire host of goblins by ourselves, we will be legendary!" 

All at once, every non-sleeping eye in the cavern turned to look at me, standing at the entrance to their cave. 

"Shit," I said. 

"Blood, blood blood!" chanted the sword.

I turned away from the mass of goblins, activating the boot's ability to increase my speed by one-hundred percent. I launched from where i'd been standing in a flash, speeding through the cave as quickly as I could manage. I swore again as I saw a massive group of goblins emerge from a fork in the cave. 

"Oh, fuck me," I said, hearing the loud cacophony of goblin speak and hundreds of tiny feet slapping against the rocky floor of the cave.

"Looks like we're doing this!" I yelled, pulling the spell book up from the chain which dangled at my side. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" the book practically screamed in pleasure as I filled to the spell labeled 'Fireball'. I raised my hand to the group in front of me, chanting the arcane words which would incinerate the mass of goblin-flesh. "Inferni, volcana, erupti!" A blazing ball of brilliant flame exploded from my hand into the wall of green skin. Flesh melted from bones, a thunderclap of power resounded throughout the cave. To my dismay, I felt the earth tremble and watched in horror as the mouth of the cave crumbled and shattered. 

Through the dust and smoke, I could see one thing. 

I was sealed in.



______________________
/r/SirLemoncakes