"1,450,294 times?"

The robed woman paused from checking her documents to look at Dave and Anna.

The pair had lived a lovely life together. It hadn't been perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but they made do. After 50 years of marriage the time came for them to say goodbye, as Dave finally met his end due to natural causes.

Poor Anna wasn't ready for such a thing. Even at the ripe old age of 87, the loss of her last and best friend had broken her heart in more ways than one.

She hadn't been in the best of health either. And so within weeks of Dave's death, she too passed on. Her children believed it was an almost respectful thing, a gift that she'd been granted seemingly.

Their dependence and love for one another had carried them through it all, in sickness, health, and finally death.

So being reunited on the other side was a breath of fresh air considering how bleak things had been before.

At some point, after a bunch of other red tape, they'd been granted a chance to learn their life statistics. There were a lot of fun ones to learn, a lot of sad ones. Some of them though were just plain gross.

It felt strange to hear they kept track of how many times you threw up on your dog. Not that something like that had happened to either of them more than once, and it was just *that one time*. But still.

Now they had reached another interestingly morbid statistic. How many times they should have died before they did. Dave had to laugh to himself a little bit. Anna had always been a real risk taker.  They had dated for ten years before they tied the knot for good, and it seemed like she was always pushing the envelope in some way.

She'd been a surfer since she was a child. And that only ballooned into other flights of fancy that drew her naturally to them. Skiing. Skating. Rock climbing. Skydiving. Now to be fair, it wasn't like she was the best at them, and she'd had her fair share of close calls.

But nonetheless, she'd come out of her wild phases unscathed. This included the typical indulges one does before their middle age, but that was neither here nor there.

Dave himself had bested her unknowingly in some ways on that end, but he liked to keep that part of his life behind him.

Otherwise, he'd lived a dull life until he'd met her. Not exactly that it hadn't drastically improved when he did, but it was still the same. He never had any interesting stories to tell compared to hers. He'd chosen a path of safety early on in life.

He never really did anything crazy. Studied what others suggested he study. Went to school for a safe degree, to get a safe job, in a safe market, in a safe area of the world. And no one ever came to him with complaints on the matter. Which occasionally led him to wonder if he'd ever made the right choices at all.

Days blended into weeks, weeks into months, and months into years.

Until he met her.

Anna had been his escape, his way out. In hindsight the way they'd met made sense now. She'd always walked the razor's edge. He'd always been a benchwarmer.

Plenty of times, she would suggest a venture, and he would respectfully decline to watch her travel ahead to fulfill her need for excitement. He wasn't mad mind you. There were plenty of things he knew himself incapable of, and he'd accepted it.

Which brought them to the confusing part.

Anna had cheated death approximately 3,300 times. Quite a number, and it made sense. She'd always been a daredevil. They laughed a little as the woman took the time to look him up next.

The reaction was what made them notice. She looked at it, then at him. Flipped a page, came back to it, looked at him again... Then stood and left the room. Another person returned with her, a co-worker perhaps? Either way, he'd pointed out his own listing on the clipboard he carried.

"No, that's correct. He's lucky to have made it this far."

With that, their so far mute guide turned the book to face him with some considerable effort on her part. And they took the opportunity to read again.

*1,450,294*

The pair both asked her at the same time. Shocked. It didn't make sense. How did Dave survive so long? What did he even avoid? Anna racked her mind for an answer. He'd always stayed behind, or warned her to be careful, not that she'd listened.

How?

"She saved you." The woman finally explained. "From yourself."

"Well, that's true." Dave slowly answered, "I mean, at least I'd say so."

"It's true. You were never meant to make it this far. She was. And she chose you to join her."

"Join me?" Anna asked next.

"Yes, it makes sense now." The woman pointed. "Are you familiar with intrusive thoughts?"

"...Yes." The pair slowly agreed.

"Well, Dave, you had a lot of them." She answered, "It's such a high number that I for once would like to ask someone like you how you didn't act on a single one."

Dave seemed to become withdrawn at this. Anna wanted to know what was wrong exactly, but the woman gently shushed her and waited for Dave to answer. He sucked it up for a moment and then tried to say it as calmly as possible.

"Because she completes me. Nothing was ever really fun to me. And she fixed that."

"She gave you a life you wanted to live."

He quietly nodded at this. And Anna despite her initial concerned gave him a hug as usual.

"I'm touched really." The guide smiled.

"...Can we go on to the next statistic?" Dave asked.

"With pleasure. Let's see; 'times attacked by a squirrel colony'."

"Now *that one's* oddly specific."

"I can explain..." Anna began.

---

EDIT: Fixed the typo(s). Also, Reddit Gold!? Ya'll are wonderful. And if you can't find me anywhere else, here's the sub. r/Jamaican_Dynamite