So, telekinesis. I can lift things with my mind. This isn't the contraction of muscle or turning of motors but it's the psionic force of the human mind; the power of the soul that overcomes all physical limitations. I can thread, warp, weave, and pull a microscalpel around a tiny tumour in your brain with a hairsbreadth to spare; I can lift an Abrams battle tank a kilometre into the air and set it down again without throwing up the sand; I can drag asteroids across space and solder across a PCB. I can bend a fire into the shape of a flower and freeze the figures in its shadow. I haven't been rained on since I was six, when I learned to catch the drops in the air; and I haven't had a rainy day since I was sixteen, when I learned to drag the clouds across the sky. Not only can I do all those things, but I have done them and more.

I can't move living things, of course. You'd think it would go without saying, but some imbecile always has to ask. "Can you lift dead bodies?" "If you can't affect flesh how can you control scalpels?" "Is it just people or animals too?" "Can you pick up viruses?" "Isn't everything in the world covered in tiny amounts of living things?" "Are fires alive?" "If living things are made up of things that aren't alive, can you move them in bits?" It seems like every adult who didn't bother to turn up to science class expects me to fill in the gaps for them.

It was on a sunny Sunday (although of course all my days are sunny) that I was using my ultimate power over nature to cut the grass. Not my own grass - as a very rich woman I have help to do that - but my mother's. How did I cut the grass? With a lawnmower? No, I don't spend fifty eight hours a week meditating so I can get my hands dirty. Did I rip up the grass with psionic power itself? No you clod, it's a living thing. The slightest breeze, the sigh of an asthmatic slyph, would move grass further than I could ever imagine.

I tore up my mother's lawnmower and pulled out the blades. Then I got them spinning in the air, 1500 rpm. A noisy speed, where the blades whine and the loose grass goes flying. I gilded the cutter over the grass lawn. It sounds complicated, but it really isn't. the precession of the blades kept them stable so all I had to do was direct them.

Of course, this display attracted a crowd. I should have expected it. The booming noise of the blades, the sight and smell of grass being thrown into the air, seemed to be the most exciting thing to happen to the neighbourhood since I left twenty years ago. A couple of children started asking the standard imbecile questions so I pretended I couldn't hear.

Worst of all was my mother. Having her window covered in grass cuttings lured her out. So she sat on the porch in her wheelchair, screeching about her lawnmower and the grass, and people twenty years dead who better not see this when they came to visit tomorrow. Her mind wasn't the only one stuck in the past. The more she talked the more it seemed like the last twenty years hadn't happened and I was still performing prana shifts to deafening metal; like we were two time travellers who flew the TARDIS straight into Hell. So I span the lawnmower faster and louder until I couldn't hear her voice and the world felt quiet again.

When I couldn't hear the screeching it was the complaints that seemed like dreams. What was there to complain about? I'm a successful woman of thirty eight, and I'm rich. I could fill this not-that-little-but-little-to-me house with lawnmowers if I wanted. Mother would realise I'm here and be so grateful to see me. This wasn't so hard, why don't I visit more often? But then again and again the shrieking would come back louder and cut through my ears and then the real bitch was back. So I'd spin the blades faster and louder because no one could be louder than this but then her voice would shriek again and I'd hear it and it's time to go faster and harder and louder all over again.

Maybe it was five thousand rpm, maybe it was fifty thousand, but the rusty old blades couldn't hold together forever. They sheared off and went flying.

No, don't worry, no one got hurt. I caught the shards in the air. It was the cue for all the watchers who hadn't left yet to skedaddle.

I ripped into a neighbours shed for the replacement. That lawnmower didn't last long either and I got to work with my new set of blades. At the front of the garden my mother had a set of garden gnomes. Ugly gremlins, twisted homonculi, painted golems, a squad of evil goblins waiting to come into the house when we slept. One by one I lifted them up to cut the grass around them. All until I reached the last; the captain of the contorted. He wouldn't budge. I sent power that could shatter the moon and put it back together into the shitty little gnome and he didn't so much as twitch.

I left all the help in New York two hours away, and no one local was going to come near me today. There was nothing for it. I had to put my hands on the muddy ornament and move it myself.

Once I picked it up I found the explanation of my impotence. A tabby kitten had curled up and made its nest - or whatever you call a cats nest or den or whatever- in the gnome. The rodent was trembling and had apparently decided the best response to the recent noise was to piss, shit, and vomit. Somehow a quart of effluence had flowed out of a pint sized kit.

It was the last thing I needed. My mother is allergic to cats. I shooed the kitten away then smashed its gnome so it wouldn't return. I didn't want to return either. The moment I finished the lawn I got in my car and left. A cop saw my mirrors and plated covered in grass and tried to pull me over but his tires somehow sprang a leak on a clean flat road.

Two years later I was back. Hey, it's shorter than twenty. It's not as if mother could tell the difference. So things went as they do and I'm sure I don't need to answer any more imbecile questions like why the house caught fire, but that's what we had to deal with.

Capturing the flame was one thing, but making cold was another. I dragged the coolant out of the fridge and span it round the fire. Combined with a convection stream, I kept the house cool enough to walk in and oxygenated enough to breathe in without feeding the flames too fiercely. Then I got my mother out of bed and carried her onto the lawn.

Having made everyone safe I took a rest on the lawn. I've picked up planets that didn't weigh as much. So I laid down, closed my eyes, and took deep breaths until my heart slowed down.

And she only went back in. She hasn't walked in I don't know how many years but it happened when my eyes were shut. She was back in the building.  So I had to go back in. I could only save her so many times. I got her out alive, but she died in hospital. It wasn't one thing that killed her, it was everything. Smoke inhalation. Anaphylactic shock. Heart attack. And why did she go back in? To fetch a fucking tabby cat.

Insurance wouldn't cover the fire. I sold the land but I got less than the cost of the cleanup. No, I don't know what happened to the cat; maybe a neighbour took it.

It was a banal, stupid way to go. I can't say it affected me much at all. She was dead to me long before that day. It's just that, ever since then, my powers flipped. I can move anything alive. I can send a shark flying through the air faster than a speedboat, and I can throw a blast fisher into the ocean until he learns his lesson. I can send moss crawling up a cliff and fly up to join it at the apex. I can set a broken bone in half a second, or twist dandelions into a crown. I can tear blades of grass in two to make a perfect lawn. I've done all of those things and more, but I can only affect living things. If something isn't moving my power won't touch it in the slightest. I couldn't even lift a single grain of sand.