**The Man Who Drank 10,000 Liters of Beer**
---

---

John Smith was the very first person in history to gain the ability of alcohol tolerance, a feat he gained by drinking 10,000 liters of beer.

He achieved his record here, in the bar behind me, just after sunrise on the July 5th, 2018. There he was congratulated and praised, and, possibly for the first and last time in his life, he felt that he had accomplished something.

Because after this, began John Smith's spiral into his death.

Mr. Smith was born into a small family in Kansas, where he also grew up and went to school. By the time he was twenty-one, he left home to seek his fortune in New York, sneaking inside trains and eating at soup kitchens to save on what little money he had.

He managed to get a job as a clerk in a 7-Eleven, eventually climbing the ranks and becoming the manager of his own branch. This is also when he began to have a drinking problem, one that has gotten to bad that it affected his work performance, and he was fired from his job.

It was then that he decided to do what no one had done before: Drink 10,000 liters of beer, and hope to gain fame and fortune through his ability. He began to drink unsafe amounts of alcohol, bordering on what was considered a lethal amount, and did it day after day, night after night. He drank so much that his bartender frequently had to physically stop him before he killed himself, and at one time he even managed to down the bar's entire supply.

"There were nights when we'd have all these customers paying for John's beer," said Bert, the bartender of Bert's. "I think he actually cured some of the other's alcoholism, because they'd rather see how far he can go than do it themselves."

"Got ourselves a betting pool and generated a lot of press while he was here," he added. "We were the talk of the town for a while, and for some time after he had finished."

He did this for three years, never stopping, until, one foggy morning, he put down his mug with a triumphant smile on his face, and declared his achievement to the world.

John Smith had become the first person to be completely immune to alcohol.

But his success came at a price. Smith's life was already in shambles before he went on his alcohol journey. He never had a girlfriend or even a date, he was just fired from work, and his life savings were slowly but surely dwindling. He thought that his ticket to a better life was his unique ability, but it proved to be his downfall.

After a brief stint of fame, the public eventually lost interest in Smith. There, he found himself back where he started, with no money and no one to help him. He tried to drown his sorrows by drinking, but now that he is immune, he could no longer forget the pain and suffering that he had experienced in this world.

Thus, unable to bear it any longer, Smith took his own life, using a kitchen knife, and some painkillers.

Perhaps the most tragic of all is that just a few hours after his suicide, his relatives were informed that Budweiser had intended to hire him as a taste tester, but of course, that is no longer possible now.

This is Mark Davidson, reporting for CNN.

---

*I wrote this with Tom Scott's voice in mind.*