"What have you been doing all these years?" You try to go along with it, you are desperate to know more about this lady. 

"Well, I'm on my third life and recently, I've just trying to be normal. Do the everyday average person activities: go to work, hang out with the kids, go to the supermarket."

"And the first two?"

"The first time around I tried to be someone important. I tried to be useful to my community. I tried to improve the world. But, that got sad, really sad. And then I terminated that attempt. 

After that, I decided to not feel obligated to anyone. I chose to live however I wanted. I learned a lot and it was really a good life. I couldn't understand how people were content with living unhappy lives, I wanted to understand other people's choices. So this time around, I'm trying to put myself in their shoes." 

"That's very wise," you say. 

"But how do you know my name? Are you an old friend who's face I have forgotten? It can be very confusing to recall memories in the haze of multiple lives," She questions.

"No ... Truthfully, I am able to speak anyone's name upon first meeting. I simply know it. It's not that it's a fact I am trying to remember. I just know their names as if I knew them myself." 

She freezes. "Sir, you do not know who you are. I thought that you would, but I suppose you are quite confused since returning to Earth."

"Coming back to Earth? No, I've lived here my whole life."  

She smiles softly. "Yes, you have a human idea of lives, that makes sense since you are in your human morph. You have been on Earth this whole life- technically. But you haven't always been here."

"If that's so then who am I? A god?" You smirk.

"Lord, you are our leading chief. You led us to Earth to escape persecution ... And then you disappeared. Where have you been good Master?" She bows and then falls to one knee for you.

You try to think, try to remember any detail that could spark a memory, but you cannot. 

"Well, let us go to the remainder of our people."