I conquered the world, but it was all rather boring in that timeline once I finally ruled everything.  Absolute dominion over your world just isn't that fun really, sure I was feared by all, and everyone did my bidding, but what was the point? I set my special research division to work on a time trebuchet (TT). We were going to call it a 'time catapault' but I weight about 90kg, and I needed to go back more than 300 years for my latest plan, so TT was created.  Basically to operate this device, you get into a ball inside a huge particle accelerator and it whips you up to speed, then  you flip on the temporal dislocator and a destination time, and BANG you're away.  The problem of paradox is solved by the ball you ride in itself.  As you travel back in time, the ball crunches with impacts from the paradox in the time stream, like crumple zones in a car. So I memorized the plans for the TT, down to the last tiny component, and I set off, back in time to before I got these powers, see if I can't manage to live a mostly normal life, maybe find it a little more to my taste than being the absolute ruler of the world. I knew that my paradox proofing would only be active for the next hours after I  arrived, so I had to move quickly once I arrived.  I had the super-speed I'd stolen from the scarlet speedster, so I zipped back to where I was pretty sure I was standing in this timeline, just before I got my powers in the first place.  

The flames on the ground are usually a good indicator I've arrived some place, but I slowed down well before I reached myself, I don't want to startle me, or this plan won't work out.  I hid in some bushes, and peeked out to where I was on that fateful night.  Mega-Dude, and Ultra-Bro would be crashing through this area in a few minutes, and there I was standing in line for a hotdog.  Ultra-Bro had stolen some experimental tech, killed the damn scientist who made it in the process. Amateur. I waited in the bushes, soon they would crash around the corner, Mega-Dude would land his famous uppercut (trust me, it hurts pretty bad, I've taken a few) and Ultra-Bro would drop the canister which would bounce once, and end up in my hands.  When the first sounds of the chaos started, I used my super speed to slip in front of myself in line. Despite the rising tide of chaos, I ordered. "Lemme get a chili dog, no onions, extra brown mustard"
"Hey, that's my exact order  too buddy!"I said to me.  "And one for him!" I added, with a smile to the confused hot dog vendor. The sound of superhero battling supervillain approached, and as I was taking my hotdogs, I activated my super speed, punched myself out, and caught the canister myself. I wasn't exactly sure what would happen if I caught the leaking canister again, but I knew that my paradox proofing wouldn't hold out forever. The TT was designed to make one way trips possible, but I didn't want to push the limits too much longer.  

After catching the canister I realized I probably needed to make sure that this timeline's me got the goo on him, so while Ultra-Bro was being handcuffed by Mega-Dude, I dosed myself with mystery goop. Mystery only in that I never found out how it works, not that I don't know what it did.  I gained the ability to steal super-powers, permanently if I killed the initial owner.  I handed Mega-Dude the canister, and after a hearty thank you, and a light pat on the back he sent me on my way.  It's weird seeing your nemesis not recognize you.  I had to fight the urge to steal his powers once again.  He was the last super to hold out against me.  The last one to give his powers unto me all those years ago... or still to come. Ahh well, he doesn't know me now, how odd it feels. I walked back to myself, still out cold.  I set the hotdog wrapped in foil down inside my knocked out self's jacket.  

You know... cutting myself in line, and stealing those 2 hotdogs felt pretty good.  I took off at super speed to find some more petty nuisance to commit.  