Jim craned his neck and looked up at the building. It was an enormous concrete block, stretching out a hundred feet in every direction. There were three silver plaques about midway up the wall, each featuring some kind of heraldry, and there were some large letters carved above the centre plaque.

    Brooklyn Battery Tunnel
          Triborough
            Bridge
               &
            Tunnel
           Authority

Jim turned back to his Uber driver. "You sure this is the right place?"

The driver shrugged and tapped his GPS console. "I just go where it tells me. 504 Battery Drive, here you are."

Jim nodded and thanked the driver. He paid his fare, and turned back to the building. There was a set of wooden doors at the base. Jim approached the doors and hesitated for a moment, not sure if it were appropriate to knock. He shrugged and pulled the door open. The hinges squeaked loudly and there was a rush of air. Jim stepped inside, and let the door fall shut. It looked to be some kind of ventilation tunnel. There was a massive fan on Jims right hand side, thrumming along loudly.

A middle aged black man sat at the base of the fan. He was bald, wearing a black suit, and reading the newspaper. "Help you?" he asked, glancing up at Jim.

"Yeah, this lady gave me this phone call an--"
"Elevator" the man said, cutting Jim off. He gestured towards a pair of metallic doors before returning his attention to the newspaper.

Jim approached the elevator and pressed the call button. The doors slid open, and Jim stepped cautiously inside. There was a single button on the wall. Jim pressed it, and the doors closed and the elevator lurched into motion. It stopped a few moments later, and the doors opened.

"You're late", a voice called. Jim stepped out of the elevator. The room was empty save for a couple egg-shaped chairs. There was a man standing next to one, and he gestured to it. "Sit down", he said.

Jim sat down.

"You're probably wondering why you're here", the man said. He had brown hair and a greying beard, and looked to be in his early 60s. He wore a white shirt, a black suitjacket and a tie.

"Er, yeah. Kind of. The lady on the phone mentioned some kind of opportunity?"

"Oh yes, Dianne. I heard you hung up on her the first time she called."

"Wouldn't you? I mean, well, "I'm calling to offer you a unique and lucrative opportunity", that whole spiel? Does anyone actually get through it the first time?"

The man grinned, "You called back quickly after you checked your bank account, though."

"My name is Zed", he continued. "Five years ago an alien spacecraft crashed outside the port of Manhattan. Most of the wreckage was completely destroyed, but we were able to recover a small portion of it, and we have been reverse engineering and testing it ever since. It became apparent early on that we were onto something big - Instantaneous transportation, and quite a detailed map detailing the locations of several solar systems capable of sustaining life."

Jim stared blankly for a moment, and realised he should probably say something. "Oh. Uh, cool. But...why am I here?"

"You're here because we need you. In order to open this technology up for mass transportation, we need an initial jumper to set up a series of relays. We discovered early on that using this technology and setting up the relays would take a man of particular talent, and so we started developing a test. Something that would weed out those unfit for duty. You are here, Jim, because you are the best of the best. You alone have the greatest chance of succeeding. And we need you to succeed. Frankly, we still don't fully understand what we're working with, and failure could result in a complete loss of this technology."

"And, er, there was some money involved?"

Zed sighed. "Yes, Jim. There is a lot of money involved."

Jim thought for a moment. "Okay. I mean. I guess I can do it. You said there was a test?"

"Yes, and you've aced it. You are, of course, familiar with the game 'No man's sky'?"

Jim's eyes finally lit up, "Oh! Yes! I can't wait to play it!"

"Well, your mastery o--" Zed frowned "...Wait, what was that?"

"I can't wait to play it!" Jim exclaimed, "I started the download, but I had this stupid work thing and had to go away for the weekend."

Zed stared at Jim and began to speak slowly "...You mean you haven't played?"

"No, not yet."

Zed slowly pulled out his phone, pressed a button, and held it to his ear. There was a moment of silence and then he said, "Hello Dianne, could you pull up the winning Steam profile for me please?"

There was a brief pause and then a faint noise at the other end, "Yes, thank you Dianne. One moment."

Zed turned to Jim, "You're JimmyJim32?"

Jim nodded.

"No Man's Sky play time, 42 hours?"

Jim frowned, "No...Oh! I must have ticked the box to open it as soon as the download completed. I haven't been home since then!"

Zed closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

"Dianne, dear? Did you check the winners achievements before you called him?"

Another pause.

"Yes, that is a bit of a problem, isn't it? We'll have to go with the runner up. Could you check his play time for me, and possibly confirm that he's actually *played the game*? Yes, thank you Dianne."

Zed sat down and leaned back, closing his eyes. He pressed the speaker phone button, and set his phone on his lap. A few minutes passed in silence, and then Dianne's voice came back to the phone. “You there, Zed? I've found the runner up. Let me see here, looks like he's played uhh...13 hours...Oh dear."