The Founder's Day parade was still blaring past outside when I ducked into a little bar on a side street. There were only a couple of people inside, and a wallscreen showed the parade highlights, on mute thankfully. 

"What'll you have?" said the bartender, a guy about my age with thinning hair and burly forearms.

"Beer," I said, and slurped thankfully at the cool drink. I put down the glass about halfway through and set it down. The bartender was smirking at me. "Never seen a man drink a beer before?" I said a little testily.

He gestured at my hat. "You're one of the settlers from the *Ascendant*."

They had given us the hats for the parade. I sighed internally, took off the hat and laid it on the bar. "So?"

"My grampa was on the *Independence*. One of the Founders." He puffed his chest a little.

*And here you are, minding a bar on a national holiday*, I thought. "Independence, eh? That must've been pretty incredible."

"Oh yea, he still tells stories of the first few years here. Crops failed after the first hellstorms. They had to go underground for a couple years, growing crops under LED lights scavenged off the *Indy*. And the rats! Everyone thought that no Earth animals could get on board, but the rats showed them. Got into the food stores. A lotta people had to get by on short rations that first couple of years."

I nodded. I had heard all of the stories of the intrepid pioneers.

"And when *Sazanami* arrived, half of their storage had gone bad en route, so we had almost no seedstock to replenish our crops. A lot of people ate rat back then." He leaned on the bar. "Not like you guys, sleeping away for 70 years."

"Yeah, we sure had it easy," I said, taking another slurp of beer. 

"Hey! Turn it up!" said one of the patrons, gesturing at the wallscreen. The bartender dialed the sound up.

The screen image was zoomed into a white-haired, red-faced politician. " -- to whom we shall always owe a debt of gratitude. To that end, we declare a special project on this, the 50th Founder's Day, the construction of our own starship, the exploration vessel *Miriam Long*, after my mother, the heroic captain of the Independence!" Muted cheers and applause followed as the blowhard grinned, swaying slightly. 

"Man! Imagine that! Only fifty years since we were founded as an Earth colony, and now we'll be colonizing our own planets."

I drained the beer mug, set it down, then pulled out my handheld to pay the tab. The funds dinged out of my dwindling account. I threw  a "Thanks," to the bartender, crammed the stupid hat on my head and stepped out into the harsh afternoon sun.

The parade was past. A few sani-drones wandered through the street, picking up trash here and there. The light and heat of Helios, the star around which New Hope orbited, was more intense than Earth's. It was traditional to take a break at this time, retreating into shade with cool drinks and perhaps a little nap. So even though the walkways of Long City were mostly shaded, there were few people out and about. 

Long City was small. Even though it was the largest city on New Hope, with a planetary population in the few millions, it housed only 20,000 or so. The city proper covered only a couple of square kilometers, with merchant and residential areas sprinkled with parks and tidy light industry. I made my way to Founder's Tower, a dome-topped, spiraling transparent structure that was the site of the colony's comm tower, a vital lifeline in the early days. 

At the top, the heavily tinted glass looked out over Landing Valley, with it's broad, slow-moving river. A few people, tourists mostly, took in the view from the perimeter. From here one could see the agro domes that housed crops and livestock, protected from the severe hellstorms that brought intense lightning and hail. Here and there was a small building that was the entrance to the vast underground network of factories that produced the goods that made life on New Hope so comfortable.

"May I get you a drink, sir? Something to eat?" I turned to see a service drone in a formal white-and-silver paint job.

"No thanks," I said, considering my dwindling "Survivor's Account." The *Ascendant* had arrived only a few months ago. And imagine our shock to find humans from Earth had been living here for decades, arriving only a few years after we had departed. 

After arriving in-system, our outdated ship had been stripped of useful tech, useful people, and of course vital seedstock and embryo storage. Each crewmember had received a share of the government's assessment of the value of the *Ascendant*. A generous amount for most people to get a new start, unless you were -- like me -- a computer tech seventy years out of date. With jump technology, Earth's first extraterrestrial colonies were only a few weeks' travel for anyone with the money for a ticket. In fact, a large part of the crowds today were on vacation from Earth. Far from being a wild and untamed wilderness New Hope was a tourist destination.

Strolling around the dome's perimeter, I dodged around a couple snapping images with their handhelds, was nearly run down by a gaggle of giggling and squealing children, tended by nanny drones and followed by oblivious, inebriated parents. I stopped when I noticed a familiar figure silhouetted against the bright landscape.

"Captain," I said formally.

Captain Radic swung around. I knew him, obviously, from months of training prior to departure, but I had been essentially cargo, at best a future skilled colonist. He squinted slightly. "Martinez?" he said. "Computer Tech, section 4?"

I nodded. "I'm surprised you remember," I said. 

Radic shook his head. "Three hundred settlers and sixteen crew on a one-way trip. I made sure to know who everyone was."

"Not really a one way trip, though."

Radic nodded. "Have you decided?"

I stared out at the vista. "About going home?"

Radic nodded. "Home," he said, with a note of finality.

"Earth is no longer what we were trying to escape," I said, trying to be helpful. "Emigration has eased the population. Earth is peaceful, pollution is under control…"

"I was a military man, Martinez. Trained for conflict. Peace wasn't my business. Making a go of it on a wild, untamed world. That was my idea of retirement."

"So you're staying?"

Radic gestured at the valley. "Look around," he said. "There's nothing wild out there."

"But it's a big planet," I said.

"And their drones are cultivating it bit by bit. Don't even have to lift a finger. Some jockey in a control room points at a screen and poof! A new clearing, or the foundation of a new building. This is a fine place to raise a family, but it's not exactly what I had in mind."

"So…?"

Radic placed a hand on my shoulder and guided me to another part of the dome. "Take a look."

*Ascendant*. She stood on a concrete pad a fair distance away, surrounded by gantries. Mostly skeletal, drones flitted about her, uprating her structure, adding new equipment, better reactors, and -- of course -- a jump drive. She was going to be New Hope's future explorer ship, *Miriam Long*.

"She's where the future is. Exploration, the great unknown. That's what I signed up for. You game?"

"You're asking me?" I blurted. "I'm barely qualified to activate my handheld, much less work on a modern starship."

"Training," Radic said with a dismissive wave. "Plus, I know you. I can count on the people that wanted to come out here. To struggle in the wild instead of sitting in front of a wallscreen living off of basic support. That's the kind of person we need out there. You don't want to go home, you don't seem to want to stay, so…"

I stared at *Ascendant*, I mean, *Miriam Long* as if to contemplate such a weighty decision. But I already knew what I was going to say. I didn't see the bones of an old ship, I saw the stars.
