Theo had one memory. That he was a man named Theo.

Was it short for something, he wondered. When he saw his stranger's face in the mirror, a Theodore seemed to look back. Puzzled and confused. Scruffy beard and all.

A man appeared on the free side of his cell. "Theo Lambwell. Are we feeling better?"

"Lambwell. That's my family name, are you sure?" Theo nearly lunged for the bars. His own desperation surprised him.

"It'll be a family name that ends with you sir," the man said all official-like. He was tall, and there was something unsettling about that. "Congratulations on saving the world."

What did that mean?

"What do you mean by that?" Theo cleared his throat.

"Well, I suppose you wouldn't remember." Now the man seemed morose with his drooping eyebrows and sagging face. "Do you remember that you practice, or did practice mnemocraft?"

The word meant nothing to him.

The man sighed and swept a hand over his sweating face. "I should have foreseen this. I've seen martyrs in my day, but this seems too much, even for you."

"Tell me everything."

The man sat down with his back to Theo's bars. He played with a dust bunny as if it were pocket lint. "I'm your benefactor, Theodore. I supply you with mana, and you supply yourself with memories. Are you seeing what I'm getting at here?"

Theo was clever enough. "And there's no way to retrieve them?"

"There is one way, but it involves time-travel and is highly theoretical," said his benefactor, not once turning to look at him. "I doubt you would survive it, so isn't having a name enough?"

"You say I am to be executed."

The man laughed. He took his hat off and set it down beside him. "And therein is your other means of vindication."

"What do you mean?" His so-called benefactor spoke in riddles that wore thin pretty early in the conversation. But then again, without a memory, everything seemed so cryptic and distant. He stared down at his hand and wondered if they were truly his. They seemed to close and open when he wanted them to.

"I have read quite a bit of lore on this subject," said the man. "That when you die, your entire  life flashes before your eyes."

Theo thought he was going to vomit. He felt the bile rise to his throat. It was the physical feeling of grief. Of heartbreak. Worst of all, he wasn't quite sure why he was reacting this way.

"That sounds sad, doesn't it? Getting a glimpse before blinking out of existence?" the man asked.

"I don't believe in that. I..." He thought he had it for a second. It was right there, and yet it wasn't.

He reached through the bars and touched the man's shoulder. "Somehow I feel as if I remember God."

His benefactor turned his head. "Then perhaps there is a part of you that remains yet."

Theo slumped back. Tears found him. Grief overwhelmed him.

-

x-posted to my writing subreddit r/LaboratoryLux