Year -600

I guess I should start here. Since there’s not an official calendar anymore, in this time? whatever. So about three months ago I was sitting at my desk then falling what I guess is two stories into a bog land, a stupid message in the sky saying i had 600 years, 600 years to do what? Even my phone was gone! i mean what the shit, at least it didn’t happen like it does in terminator no clothes no tech at all. I got to keep my jeans atleast. Anyway, I found a village, and i mean a village, has a blacksmith and an inn like some bad fairy tale. My basic understanding of medicine and hygiene has dubbed me their new resident doctor. God forbid i have to set bone but for now keeping Nathaniel from eating dirt and the rest washing there hands in boiled water is enough.


Year -596 

apparently I don’t age. Hell I don’t even scar when I injure myself. Sliced my thigh on the new steel sword I helped the blacksmith make. In truth it’s just a bunch of numbers and ratio’s that got the idea rolling. 60-40 spring steel. 80-20 high tensile ECT it took us both a while, me lying about things and convincing him I might have a clue what I’m talking about and his apprentice Adam actually listening and trying it out in his spare time.

Now we’re a famous town with knights travelling from across England and abroad to have him smelt what they call wootz steel for their blades. The blacksmith was kind enough to give me a portion of his profit stating he would have never figured it out without my help. I mean he can’t even write properly so I didn’t expect him to take proper notes on anything. Me and Adam are getting along well, he introduced me to his sister Lauren, she’s not half as big as he is and pretty besides.

Year -580

I figure I should update this. 16 years. Lauren and I are happily married, two kids both healthy and growing faster than anyone in the village had hoped. My idea of mixing cow and goat milk together, drying it and then adding heated water to it as a milk substitute when Lauren ran dry was a god send. Thanks grandma for that one. Living on a farm wasn’t stupid. Shame it took me 600 years to see it. Lauren is maturing into a beautiful middle aged woman now and I remain the young adult I have since I got here.
With adam’s help I found a clockmaker and an “alchemist” and convinced them to work together. The clockmaker is an impatient old git, his apprentice is his spitting image too. The alchemist is about 2 marbles from batshit crazy but he can make what he calls ‘devils powder’ and what I know as a basic form of gunpowder. I’m using my  savings to help him refine his powder and the clock maker has, after much cursing and a generous helping of coin finally provided me with a working hammer trigger mechanism and the plans for each part and how it fits together.

Year -578

Two years of careful planning and execution and my little rebellion was successful. The ass of a lord is gone and after some careful diplomacy with London and a little more blunt action against surrounding lords I now control the budding town of Ashford and irritatingly have to manage the day to day life of its, my, people as well as sending at least a dozen messengers each day to surrounding towns. My guards are preparing a carriage to send into London with this year’s taxes, paid in full with my commission from the Adam, his master had retired two years ago due to iron lung. I’ve convinced him to help Adam teach another score of smiths to help with production. 

Lauren and the kids are happy here, our house is large and warm. Each of the kids are starting their own families. Im considering trying to match little hazel with the lord of Folkstone, he has a single child, a son nearer a child than a man but if I write up the deal now he should be amiable to a match.

Year -570

Lauren and Hazel are dead. A trip north met them with a group of ‘bandits’... the scouts i had send with them in addition to their guards reported back that it was ordered by the lord of Rochester castle and condoned by the bishop there. I write in this diary from my tent near what will eventually be Gillingham, the western world is having its first taste of cannon today. Skirmishing groups sent from Rochester have already fallen, rifled cyclical loading guns are more than a match for horsemen and infantrymen. What got close was met with a wall of pike men. I brought a thousand men with me north, in the next few months I will bury ten times that number I fear.

I have sent runners to London informing the crown of my actions. I expect retaliation, I expect them to fail when met with my cannons.

Year -500

The tower of London, the new seat of my power. My two sons, first sons, rule Rochester and Ashford in my place. The new fleet is growing well. Twenty ships 100 cannons. The dual points my past working together in unison. Outside the tower a new building is going up. Coal enters one side, light exits the other, carried along on copper wires into the tower and around London. Similar buildings are springing up across England. Down in the courtyard a man in leather protection pours clear amber liquid into a block of cast iron. A few cranks of the handle and the single cylinder engine roars to life before spurting into flames and dying.


continued in next comment

