'If you can read my mind, slap the table three times.' I think and the girl looks over at me, then slowly, and very deliberately slaps the table. Once. Twice. Three times. Her eyes locked onto mine
'Tap once for yes, twice for no or three times for maybe' I think, immediately tuning out my professor and his inane rambling about something not quite related to astrophysics.
'Can you turn your ability on and off?'
One tap.
'Are you able to select who you listen to?'
One tap.
'Can you read deeper than surface thoughts?'
Three taps.
'Can you meet me after class? Preferably somewhere quiet like the library'
One tap, then a pause before two more
'That a maybe?'
One tap.
'I'm afraid I'm not offering a choice.'

I have her cornered in an alcove in the library. She's trying to act calm, but her glare and clenched fists say otherwise. "It's okay. I mean you no harm." I say but she doesn't look convinced. "If I wanted you hurt you would be."
"Gee thanks." She snaps, almost before she could help herself judging by the visible wave of fear that washes over her afterwards.
"I asked you here to talk to you. Calmly and in a civilised fashion. Because what you're going through only gets crazy from here on out."
"What do you mean?' She asks, still glaring daggers at me
"Powers like yours are immensely  rare. There's a number of people who'd kill the entire university just to get a hold of you."
"You one of them?" She spits at me, and now I can feel her actively attacking my mind. Agony lances through me as she randomly slashes and stabs about inside my cranium.
"I said... I wasn't going to hurt you." I force out as I begin to collapse. I feel something give within me and darkness fades across my vision.

Next thing I know I've come too on the floor and she's encased in a swirling miasma of darkness; like the light simply couldn't shine there. "What the fuck is this?" She asks.
"My gift." I say as I stagger to my feet. "I control shadows."
"Shadows are absences of light. You can't control that."
"You read minds and question another impossibility?" I laugh, waving a hand to dismiss the mist that restrained her. "I didn't hurt you though did I?"
"No. Now tell me more."