“Because I don’t want you to.”

I knew this would happen when I bought the gun. 

I wonder how many suicides have to happen on a consensual basis now. 

I considered breaking up with him first. Considered breaking up every loving relationship I still have. But making those people feel like I didn’t love them, even for a reason like this, would be a lie.

I am not a liar. 

Neither is he. Not much of an exaggerator either. I saw the bags in his eyes. I saw him blink like they were lined with velvet. He’s been living my death for at least a year now. 

I prepared for battle as soon as I chose to leave. I hid other options in different places. He knows where all of them are by now. I won’t bother.

Without a thought in my head I told him where my diary was. Maybe he’d understand better.

“I’ve read it more times than you.” He said, slightly rolling his eyes. We’d clearly done this before. 
“Of course you have. Who goes back and reads their own diary?” I said, jokingly.  He had looked so defeated that I couldn’t help but try to lighten the mood. 

His eyes flickered up.

“What?”

He seemed confused. And happy. And cautious. And a little like he didn’t know what to do with his hands. I recognize the latter because when we first kissed, I was covered in glitter and lube thanks to a birthday prank. 

He gave in to all of the above, and grabbed me, sobbing.

“You usually pick up the gun by now.”
“Oh. Well we can hangout for a little bit. You seem tired.”
“I am. I love you. And I hate you.”
“Me too.”

This caveat to this new user feature in the game of HumanLife, is that you can’t choose to stop it. You can’t give up or opt out of what you sought out to do. It would mess with time too much. You tell them what you’re going to do. They write it in. And you can’t move on until it happens. 

I’ve taken both our lives. 

We went over to the couch and I let him rest his head on my lap. I stroked his hair and asked if he wanted to talk about anything. 

“Today is going so different.” He said. 
“Is it?”
“I cannot tell you how strange this feels. I knew every action of this situation so well that the whole thing feels like a secret handshake or something.”
“Did you do anything different today?”
“I took my sweatshirt off before I came in.”
We both laughed.
“The universe is fucking chaos.” I said. 

“Is this still about me?” I asked moments later.
“I don’t know.”

Time went on. We fell asleep twice. I woke up at 11:47pm and just stared at the clock across from the couch. The red analog numbers hummed at me as if even they were curious about what I would do. 

He woke up too. 11:55 now. 
He sat up and kissed me. I kissed him back. I already knew he would get to move on today. 
“I have to let you go free,” I told him.
 If I could fathom what he’d been through, I might be able to understand the emotion on his face. I’m sorry to say I didn’t. 

The clock turned to midnight. He sighed a relief I would soon know myself. 

I got up, grabbed the gun, and walked outside. I hoped I had the kindness not to do it in front of him before. I hoped he was smart enough to exit through the back. 


Bang. 
