Being a janitor ain't so bad.

A lot of people look at my line of work as dirty, you know? And I'll be the first one to say, you don't always get to have your hands clean. But it ain't a big deal, you know? I try to stay positive. 

I work on a large government facility that specializes in medical research. The pay is good, and I get time off whenever I feel. Honestly, at this point, I have days accumulating from when the facility opened; I just can't bring myself to leave the job well enough alone. It's barely a job anymore, you know? I'm doing what I love and working with all sorts of people.

Every day, I clock in about five-thirty, and I prepare everyone's coffee. It's not a part of my job, and I don't get payed extra, but I love to do it, you know? The look on the researcher's faces when they wake up in the morning to a fresh pot and a smile, man, it just makes my day. I've always been a proponent of doing good to your fellow man, you know? It's courtesy.

We all live in-facility, in a nice little apartment. It's kept away from the labs and clean (I make sure it is!), and I never miss home. Sure, a couple of people have their problems living on-site, especially because of how close we are to the animals, but hey, it's fine. Like I always say, it's great to see the good things over the bad. Optimism and such.

I don't tend to bother with the labs or the rats much. They have their caretakers, and I would hate to make 'em feel like they are less important than the rest of us. We all got a purpose, and it's great to have a purpose. Still, I love seein' the rats sometimes. They're so strange, you know? Sometimes it seems like they got a mind of their own.

The labs rarely get too messy, anyways. Our head researcher, Jo, he doesn't do things inefficient like. He's making advancements in his field that he assures me will save our nation. Great stuff, but I don't believe it all. He's a proper exaggerator, and real prideful. Likes the ladies, too. I don't judge, can't judge, really. Everyone has their own purpose, and is worth somethin' in God's eyes.

One of my favorite things to do by far is the tours. We have kids from all over the place come to our facility to learn. It's inspiring to see the teachers of our nation spending so much time looking into making our youth better, you know? Most of the researchers and security are too busy to talk to the young ones, so it's my job, and I'm glad to do it. My wife, God bless her soul, died almost ten years ago, before we could have a baby. I think about her every day. I promised I'd find someone else, just like she asked, but I just can't do it. I thank God every day I got the chance to meet her, for as little time as she had here.

Anyways, the children are usually pretty interested in what goes on. I always start by explaining the facility and the purpose it serves, and some basic sanitary things in case they find one of the lab rats. It ain't often to see them out of their cages, but sometimes they chew through the wires, and have to be put back. The guards are little rough on 'em, more than I'd be. I think some of the kids get sad seeing the animals in this condition, as do I. But there ain't much I can do, and after all, they are just rats. They don't know any better.

We haven't done a lot of tours recently, it's been far too busy. The government ordered us to increase production, so spirits are low. I try to keep morale up, though. You have no idea what a smile will do for someone who is having a bad day, or a compliment. It's what drives me to keep going.

Just yesterday, the news had a big story. We got a lot of problems going on out west, and we had a meeting last night to discuss everything. I don't like to brag, but I stood right up in the middle and said that we had a duty to keep working for our country, and that I believed in everyone. I got a standing ovation from the director's board. Then they told us that Jo is doing some really important work with rats from the same litter, and how he could begin to save the vision of our citizens in under a year. I've never been more proud to work here.

Today I'll just keep doing my job like always. An elementary school from the city asked to hold a special tour in them. Jo offered to take over, but the teacher said the kids wanted their favorite janitor to be the guide. Man, that made me so happy. Thank God for innocent children, who don't have to worry about this war and all this.

Hey, thanks for listening to my story, by the way. It's not often I run into people this late at night. I'd love to talk, but I really ought to get home, you know? I have to get up early tomorrow and get ready for a tour. Maybe the kids can play with one of the older rats today, one that doesn't have teeth. Anything to make 'em happy, that's what brings the light to my eyes.

Besides, you know, the front line ain't anywhere close to us, and the directors assured us that Auschwitz shouldn't be in danger for years.






