"Wake up... master..."

It rose from its slumber, irritated and angered. One of its tentacles reached and grabbed the servant that dared to interrupt its restless deep sleep. Slowly, it reached for the mind of the simple fool and imprinted the idea that it was awoken too soon.

"The humans... master... they are at war... Worshiping... you..." The servant struggled to say anything else, and succumbed to the insanity that was. But he said enough. How could it be? Of course, even the most peaceful race in the infinite universes was not prone to violence and conflicts, and wars were their civilized method to deal with them without bringing only chaos and destruction. Yet the wars were usually for petty reasons; reasons which only a race with no knowledge of the brutal truths of this universe's realities could see as valid. Worshiping false idols was one of them. Worshiping a true idol was not.

Its mind raced through space and time and reached Terra. In the depths of the oceans, it saw submarines being crushed by the violent pressure after being forced to hide from the enemy. Human lives screamed in an endless agony, known only to beings out of this planet, and simply vanished into nothingness. On the surface, whole settlements, five-six million people strong, were obliterated in an instant. Giant clouds of fire rose to the deep nothingness of space. Beyond the atmosphere, satellites were struck with missiles. Those who survived sent coordinates of enemy hideouts back to the planet. Churches were burning. Mosques were flooded with blood. Gurdwaras were crumbling to ashes. Pasta eateries were sinking into the ground.

There was no night. Perpetual light from bombs and gunfire illuminated the dark side of the planet. "Let there be light", most of the religious texts on this planet started with. But with death, darkness didn't come. Only the pain from the white so bright, it burned the eyes and turned one blind.

The servant was right to wake it from its slumber. It was still not too late... Earth was lost, but humanity was still susceptible to salvation. There were still humans on the red planet nearby, which they called Mars, but they had succumbed to madness too. It was too late to stop the war. Still, in the great cold distance of space there was another planet that could serve as a habitat for those beings. What it needed to find was sane specimens, and transport them to that planet.

Its mind raced through pillaged villages and desolate cities in search of reason. Where once there were lush rainforests, now there was desert. Where once seawater filled the surface, now there were deep, dark chasms. Where once deserts stood, now there were oceans with waters dark as the surface of a rogue planet.

But there were people. Walking skeletons with flesh dripping from their bones; eyes that long lost the ability to see; ears that could not hear. They wandered purposelessly until they succumbed to the wounds or the insanity of war. Those who still had their senses were fighting among themselves. Those who did not... well, they were dead.

It finally found it. A single, sane human being. It reached for its mind, and imprinted itself.

"Come with me", it said. "Come with me, and leave this place behind. Safe humanity."

But as soon as it touched the mind of the human, the human fell on the ground in great agony, spasming like a millipede thrown into the fire. Its mind shut down; there was nothing but pain. A minute later it was neither dead nor alive. No memories, no senses, even no pain—only pure terror existed in its mind. Same thing happened with the next sane human it reached for. And the next. And the next. They all felt such terror they were no longer human.

It was desperate. Human, after human, after human rejected the attempts to communicate. Streets with no names, towns with no people, countries with nothing but ash on their territory. There was not a glimpse of civilization on this planet. All was lost.

Suddenly, something reached out for it. Somewhere far away, a group of people were... praying? No, even though it looked like a prayer, that definitely was not the word for it. They were offering themselves. Sick, deformed human beings, with the bodies of dogs and the minds of rats, but still more sane than any other human being on the planet. And they were praying to *it.*

"You are calling me, humans?"
"You answered our prayers? Praise be with the darkness that will soon surround this planet."
"Are you sane?"
"Yes... we are still sane, master, but not for long, we promise."
"Come with me, then."
"As you wish."

Space and time bent as it transported the bodies and minds of those beings to a world far away from here. Stars were born and exploded in a fraction of a second as they traveled. Black holes swallowed whole worlds; then they were swallowed by bigger black holes. Giant planets collided and whole civilizations perished in an instant. Chaos, chaos ruled the galaxy. A sudden thought appeared: if it did not occupy the minds of those humans it saved, they will surely be influenced by the chaos of the galaxy.

"You are safe with me."
"We are... glad to be your servants. We are glad to see the prophet was right."
"Did you wage the war in my name?"
"We did not call it a war. And it was not in your name, but the prophet spoke of you. It started with a war, but soon another one of yours came down and reached for us. We were its chosen ones. It said we must not go to war, so we brought the chaos the prophet spoke of instead."
"There are other... yes... and we are violent. But you are... special. You are what we are not. And there are no prophets among us."
"But the prophet was one of ours, master."
"Is he alive?"
"No... and he has been dead for long, long time. What remains is little. His words, and his name. And in his words, he spoke of you."
"There is no human being, nor there ever was one, that was in contact with us."

The stars and chaos roared by them as they traveled. He needed to mend their sanity. He needed to bring their false ideas out of their minds. And he could start right away.

"Tell me the name of your prophet."
"His name was Lovecraft... master..."