“I relinquish this life.”

Just four words, six syllables, but what power they hold! We are taught from young never to utter them, intentionally or otherwise, and we are shown books, pictures, videos of the consequences. Most people are so fearful that they have probably never even said the first two words together, not even for practice. Sometimes, people say the words accidentally, like when reckless teenagers get caught up in a game of drink-or-dare, and one goes overboard by actually completing the sentence. And then, of course, there are those who say the words intentionally.

Like my wife did, fifteen years ago.

I thought about those four words again when the doorbell rang, and I steeled myself mentally. In all likelihood, it wasn’t going to be any of my friends, not when almost all of them had already passed on their lives to others in need. Odds were that it would be the government representatives again, here to remind me gently that I had lived far longer than most people, and that perhaps it was time for me to share. 

“Mr Dawson?” the young man asked through the door as I looked through the peephole. He was middle-aged, with thinning hair and a protruding gut. “We were told you would be at home. They said our chances were higher if we asked you in person. Please, could we talk to you for a minute?”

“Go away,” I said. “I’m not free.”

“Please, Mr Dawson,” said the lady next to him, presumably his wife. I could tell from the subtle way she had nudged her husband aside, planted herself directly in front of my door. “Just ten minutes? We just wanted to… ask if you would hear us out. I’m Lucy, this is my husband Rodrigo. Please?”

I sighed, then unlatched the door. I managed surly easily, and I did a unique blend of grumpy, but I was not very good at heartless. 

“Five minutes,” I said. “You’re leaving after that. Trust me, lady, you ain’t got what I want.”

They settled onto my sofa. I didn’t offer them any coffee, tea or biscuits. I nestled into the armchair, swivelled it slightly to face them better. 

“Your time was running since you stepped in,” I said.

“Mr Dawson,” Rodrigo began, “would you tell us how much your last offer came to? I think… I think we may be able to top it. We’re serious about this.” 

“I don’t need the money,” I said. “Look around you. This is the penthouse unit. Plus, I have no family to pass it on to.”

I saw Rodrigo’s face sink. For good reasons too – money was the primary reason why people spoke the words, gave up their lives. If not for the fleeting material comforts they otherwise would never get to experience, then for the wealth to pass on to family members who may have needed it more. I read that the market rate was a million dollars, though of course there were bargains to be had if one were hard-nosed enough.

“Perhaps, we could give you something else?” asked Lucy. “Say, company? Is there anyone you want to spend time with? We could arrange for that too, we know people, have connections.”

A tiny smile took root at the corners of my mouth, but it died before it could blossom. There was a time, for sure, that I threw myself into the arms of others, sought company wherever it was offered. But the void Emily left was too gaping, too yawning a chasm to fill. Perplexingly, I found myself even more lonely every morning that I woke up next to a woman who wasn’t Emily. Loneliness, and discontent, tiny eggs that burrowed into my heart, festering there, too potent to ignore, my constant, unfailing companions. 

I often wondered if that was how Emily felt when she decided that the sweet nothingness of the void was better than whatever she had with me.

“As I told the Ministry of Assignment, I want for nothing,” I said. “Only to be left alone, really. I’m not ready to go.”

“I know it is a lot to ask for, Mr Dawson,” Rodrigo said. “But we… we are not young anymore. The doctors, they tell us that Lucy’s best chance of having a child is sometime in the next year or so. We only met late, so we’re way down the queue at the Ministry, way down. They can’t assign us any lives for the next few years at least. So please, Mr Dawson, would you consider giving us your spot? We… the child, it really will mean a lot to us.”

“That’s got nothing to do with me,” I said. 

“But what do you live for?” Lucy asked.

“None of your business,” I replied, as calmly as I could.

There was no use explaining it to them. I had tried with the government representatives, but they didn’t understand too. They thought I was selfish, that I was another one of the greedy ones, too self-centred to pass on the flames of life to the new generation. Some of them had even tried badgering me, telling me that the world didn’t even know I existed, so why even bother to struggle through one dreary day to the next?

How could I have made them see, that it was all for Emily? That if I were to go, that she would be forgotten, utterly, completely? I was the last tether she had to this world, the last living memory of who she was, what she stood for, what she excelled at.

“Show him, show him,” said Lucy, as Rodrigo fumbled in his briefcase. He fished out a number of pamphlets, laid them on the coffee table between us. 

“You must forgive me,” Lucy continued, “your private life is your own. But we are desperate, so you can understand that we did a bit of digging into your life. If money and company are not what you seek, then perhaps… we can offer something else?”

“What’s this?” I asked. The images on the pamphlets seemed so alien, yet so familiar, at the same time.

“We know how your wife… suffered after the accident,” said Rodrigo, who had the decency to drop his voice an octave. “It’s been some time, but it was big news then. They had to reschedule all the big shows after your wife could no longer dance.”

“And that’s why we will send our child to the same schools your wife went to,” Lucy said, spreading out the pamphlets in turn. “Boy or girl, doesn’t matter. We will have them complete the same courses, train under the very best dancers. We will make sure our child becomes as famous a dancer as your wife was, and then more.”

My fingers brushed the pamphlets, and I heard those familiar tones again, the musical routines Emily would put on as she practiced. I felt her hand, heard her laugh, smelled the sweet cigarette smoke which followed her from room to room. The flood of memories continued, drowning me in a sea of nostalgia.

The empty bed in the morning, because she was already up, tickling me, laughing at me for oversleeping again, when she had already worked in her morning run…

The sweat as it beaded down her back, as she pushed herself again and again, twirling in neverending pirouettes in our studio, boring marks into the parquet…

The vacant desolation in her eyes when the doctors told her she would never dance again, the fear that all that she had worked for, all that she had accomplished would be forgotten…

“If it’s a boy, he will be Emile,” said Rodrigo.

“And if it’s a girl… you know what we will name her,” added Lucy. “Please, will you give us this chance? We will never forget it, I promise.”

I closed the pamphlets, pressed them back into their hands. I retrieved my wallet, took out the donor card I had tucked away at the back. I filled in my name, the date, the time, and left the “recipient” field blank. I signed it with a flourish, then handed it to them.

“If he or she doesn’t like to dance,” I said, “it’s alright. Don’t force them to do it. But if you don’t mind, would you please let them know where their name came from? I think my wife would have liked it to know that, at the least, someone remembered her craft enough to be inspired by it.”

They nodded.

That was enough for me, and I said what they came to hear.

“I relinquish this life.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny