Apathy sat at the control panel, staring at the projection in front of him, bored as always. John was in the process of seducing a girl he just met at the bar; Erin was her name, and she was quite the talker. Apathy started to spin his chair; it was pretty boring when you're the only one that's ever in the room. To try and make it a little less monotonous, Apathy stood and walked over to the short term memory wall. It wasn't anything particularly interesting; the memory were all grey, just like the rest of the room and just like apathy himself.

 He flicked through them, trying to find anything that could make it a little less tedious. John didn't need his direct input every minute; he was practically on auto pilot most of the time anyways. He just drifted on through life, occasionally killing someone to try and keep *him* asleep.

Apathy shivered. He stood and walked back to the control desk, carefully avoiding the core memory portal. He understood that most people had an anger emotion in them, and they were always colored red to match the emotion. But the red that colored that memory was different; it was a red, sure, but it was so dark it was nearly black. Shaking his head to clear his thoughts, Apathy decided that being the only one here wasn't such a bad thing after all. It's not his fault there's so little planning that goes into creating backup emotions. Apathy was the only emotion left should the unthinkable happen and all the standard emotions need replacing. 

Returning his attention to what was being projected on the screen, he knew what had to be done to keep that beast under control. It had been a few weeks since John killed someone; his name was Drew, and he was a quiet guy in John's office. He got a little to nosy into what John was up to in his spare time, and it just so happened to coincide nicely with the time since John last killed someone. Apathy knew Erin would have to meet the same fate; he told himself he would make it quick this time, give her a nice passing. Or, at least, he would make John knock her out first. Regardless, something would have to be done soon. 