Part 1

The room was quiet, tranquil, save for the dripping of a drain pipe and the groan of metal that had far outlived its original purpose. She couldn’t see a thing, the pressure on her brow and back of her head indicated the tightness of the blindfold shrouding her eyes. The dank, metallic smell of the room betrayed what must have covered the floor. Blood. She knew the smell well, and she twitched a small smirk at how the game was going so far. 

*“He used rope, the idiot used rope! HA! This will be easier than I thought…how disappointing, he only tied my hands?”* the voice in her head scoffed.

*“Hm. How unoriginal. An abandoned warehouse? A long since forgotten section of the sewers?”* she thought to herself. But alas, this would have to do for now. It had been some time since she enjoyed herself, and she was willing to take what she could get.

“Please! Let me out! Where am I?! Who are you?!” she wept in a seemingly genuine, helpless, mouse-like tone, the tears came to her eyes naturally and instantly. She recalled the time she fooled the police with the same ‘weak innocent girl’ act when she was 17, after she had stabbed her boyfriend in the throat with a fireplace poker. She had to suppress a laugh, she couldn’t blow it now, or the toy would suspect something. 

Fond memories they were. It was the first time she had realized her talent. Her gift. The thrill of her first.

“What are you going to do with me?! Answer me! Please…” she cried out, snot dripped from her nose, her cheeks now red and wet from the deluge of tears that flowed down her face. 

Then, the sound of rusty hinges from above. The labored latching of a door. The creak of a catwalk. The footsteps were heavy, like boulders rolling down stairs. Her ears alone could almost see him and make out his visage without the need for eyes. He seemed large, powerful, about 200 pounds or more. His breathing was labored, almost as if he was tired.

“Hello?...I hear you, I know you’re there. Who are you? What’s going to happen to me? What do you want from me?!” She whimpered her first words, with the final question bursting out with a hint of hysteria. Her plea was met with frigid silence. 

*“Perfect.”* She thought. *“He’s complacent, he thinks he’s in control…it’s why he isn’t responding to me. He wants to heighten my sense of fear by preventing dialogue, he wants me to feel helpless.”*

Her hands began to move from behind her back. Tied to the chair, her muscle control allowing her to move only her wrists and fingers without showing movement in her arms. Her soft, delicate fingers moved only millimeters at a time, almost imperceptibly slow. The sweat from her hands soaked into the rope, increasing its elasticity, if only a little…

She continued the game, playing her role, as she continued to cry and tilt her head down.

A clatter of fine instruments on metal, the sound of tools on a tray. 

*“Ah, so he likes toys too. What could they be? Knives? Surgeon’s tools? Homemade torture devices?!”* her excitement grew and grew with each passing second thinking what he would do to her. Her giddiness contained only by her immense willpower. The act must go on as they say.

“You’re beautiful…” he finally spoke, wheezing at the end of his sentence. His voice sounded like gravel, the voice of someone who smoked for many years. It was tough, mature, seasoned…like meat that had been cooked for far too long.
His fingers grazed her neck, they weren’t gloved. 

*“So, he likes a personal touch. He likes to feel. Oh, he will love, LOVE, what I do to him…”* from her skin rose goosebumps, not from fear, but a pleasurable tingling sensation, like the one you feel when a forbidden lover touches you so delicately. But he wouldn’t know any different.

“Why are you doing this?!” she cried again with alligator tears, putting all of her desperation into those singular words, hoping the hooks would catch.

That familiar sound of tools clattering on a metal tray continued, it was almost as if he couldn’t decide where or with what he should start.

“I’ll humor you. Since you don’t have much time left.” He said calmly, a hint of hollow pity in his labored words. The rustling of his clothes, a heavy jacket, and his proximity growing closer based on the sound of his steps gave her a clear idea of his position. He removed her blindfold roughly and abruptly.

Her vision somewhat overstimulated by the bright white halogen light that hung overhead. She was able to get a good look at him. He seemed to be in his 50’s, grizzled, his greying brown hair cut short, like an unkempt flat-top, with a short haggard beard to match. He was indeed the large man she suspected he would be. 

*“Ha…old man. I wonder what his story is…”* she grimaced for an instant the second he looked away to fasten a blade into something similar to a scalpel, her expression seamlessly transforming back into the meek young woman she was supposed to be portraying as he turned back to face her.

“Women like you, you’re all the same.” He wheezed again as he got closer. Without making eye contact he eyed her from cheek to navel, cutting open the front of her blouse, revealing her black laced undergarments and the soft skin of her collarbone. 

“You strut about, with no idea of how good you have it…how easy it is to ‘be’ beautiful. The struggles of those who also want to live in that world but are born different are unknown to you.” His thick and calloused fingers ran up her neck as he tilted her head back using leverage from her chin.

*“Yes…yes…I’m getting so close…this is perfect, perfect, PERFECT! He’s far exceeding my expectations!”* she quivered, her fingers having almost completely undone the rope binding her wrists, almost growing frantic from the stimulation. She pretended to wince as he continued to seemingly inspect her face, putting up the slightest teaspoon of resistance, the tears on her cheeks had dried, creating a slightly burning sensation on her skin.