Elias sat across the from the well dressed man. The man held his gaze. It was an odd meeting. Two men who couldn’t be more different. But what made it weirder was that the man, Calvin Jackson, was not backing down. Not many people dared look Elias in the eye. Those that did, usually didn’t live long. But this was different. He had something that Elias wanted. No, it was what he needed. 

“Look, let’s face it. You are not an educator.”

“So you say.”

“I do. And I have years of experience behind those words. So what’s the game?”

“No game. Years ago, it started off as something different. I will grant you that. But this is legit now. What you see is all real.”

“Do you have a set curriculum?”

“Robbie does the curriculum. He’s on vacation in Bahamas. Comes back in two weeks.”

Mr Jackson laughed. “That’s your biggest mistake right there. Teachers in our country can’t afford vacations in Bahamas.”

“I pay them well.”

“I know who you are. I have seen your picture in the papers. You know I can’t do it.”

“What would it take? Do you want money? Power? Tell me what you want?”

“I just want to do my job. And right now my job is to determine whether Bloor High deserves to be called a school and whether the city should allow it to run as such. And frankly things are looking bleak.”

“You’ve met the teachers. You know they are for real.”

“I also know that blackmail and extortion are areas you are well versed in.”

“Hey what did you just say to the boss?”

“Carl. Stop.” Elias held up a hand to the third man who had been silent till now. “Can you get me a glass of water please. Needs to be super cold. In fact, get a glass, put some ice in it and once it’s melted, bring it to me.”

“But boss, this punk...”

“Do as you are told Carl.”

If looks could kill, Mr Calvin Jackson would have been a dead man. But Carl didn’t argue and left the room leaving the two men alone.

“So far it has been attempted blackmail and threatening. Will I hit the assault marker and have a bingo I wonder?”

“Look Mr. Jackson. These kids need this. I will step down as headmaster. Put someone qualified in. That’s what your biggest complaint is right? That I am not an educator.”

“We know that whether or not you run this place, you will still be running this place. When it was a daycare, it was fine. But if it’s going to be a fully fledged school, which I don’t know how you got the approval for in the first place all those years ago, there need to be rules and standards. I cannot, in all honesty, believe that someone like you should have anything to do with the field of education.”

“So what now?”

“I am going to put in a recommendation to the city to shut this place down. The students will be transferred to the Springfield high school.”

“Springfield high.” Elias scoffed. “These kid’s are our future. Do you think that shithole can shape our future. Does it really deserve to?”

“Well you certainly don’t either. What grade did you pass? Did you even get to high school before dropping out?”

“I didn’t. Thanks to Springfield high. Where drugs and guns are more readily available than books.”

“And this place is better? You sell those guns and drugs.”

“None of that money goes here. This place is clean.”

“Doesn’t matter. You are still just a gangster. Someone like you who can barely do grade school mathematics running a school. What a joke!”

Elias looked like he would explode. His veins in his arms stood out as he clenched his fists. It took all his willpower to not take out his gun and just start shooting. 

“It’s not about me. It’s about the kids. We do good by them.”

“Someone who didn’t value education as a student can hardly value other’s education. But you know what. I am prepared to give you a chance. Just one chance. How about this. You claim you have great teachers here. Why don’t you take a test? I will personally prepare an exam for you. I will personally conduct it. Right here. In three days. If you pass, this school passes. If you fail, my official recommendation will be to shut this place down. The exam will feature questions from all subjects taught here. What do you say?”

Calvin looked at Elias with a smirk. He held out his hand. “Deal?”

Elias looked uncertain. But this was the only way. And it was better than nothing. He shook the man’s hand. “Deal.”

*********

“I need to see the boss. It’s urgent. It’s about the Ramos gang.”

“Boss can’t see you right now.”

“Carlos. Man. It’s urgent. Elias’s life is in danger.”

“Bud, you interrupt him during calculus and it will be your life in danger. Whatever it is, it can wait for another day. He has a big exam tomorrow.”

***********
News of the big exam had spread all over the neighbourhood. Calvin was greeted by a chorus of boos by the neighborhood parents standing outside the school with ‘Good luck Elias’ boards. 

He was a little taken aback but quickly got himself under control. A couple of people blocked the school entrance. 

“Why are you doing this? We don’t want you here. Go back to your fancy city office and go bully someone else.”

“Pleas move. I need to get inside and start my preparations and checks.”

“Over my dead body.”

Calvin looked at the couple in shock. 

A familiar face moved towards the trio. 

“Gina. Ginelli. I need you guys to move.”

“What do you know about our life here you city punk. What Elias does for our kids, you’ll never understand. Why are we even doing this Carlos? Just send him back on his way.”

Carlos sighed. “My first suggestion was exactly that. Unfortunately as with everything else school related, boss wants everything above board. Alright move on guys. Let Mr Jackson in.”

The couple gave one last angry look to Calvin and reluctantly moved aside. Calvin ignored them and looked at Carlos. “I hope your boss is punctual. The exam begins in exactly fifty eight minutes now.”

“Yeah yeah. He’ll be here.”