The two detectives looked at each other. 

"You sure he's sane?"
 
The other shrugged his shoulders. 

"I dunno. His medical records checked out," 

"Guys. You know I'm here, right?" 

They looked at me as if noticing me for the first time. I couldn't blame them, dressed as I was - black hoodie and jeans, complete with bloodstained leather gloves. I looked like a proper modern Grim Reaper. 

They ignored my question.

"It does take *some* ingenuity to kill fifty seven people in two hours. You know what they say. You can't have genius without having crazy."
 
The one on the left nodded in agreement as he took out a flask from his coat. 

*I'm not even handcuffed. Are* they *crazy?*

They just took my scythe and told me to sit still and wait until I was questioned. Didn't even bother to list my rights.

"Fifty seven. In two hours. Do you know the significance of that number?" 

The first interaction they have with me, and it's to make me feel guilty. Great. 

"Yeah, I know you think - "

"You're doing better than some of our best agents out there right now, and you aren't even trained. How the hell you managed to pick the right targets is beyond me, but suffice it to say, you are an invaluable asset." 

The one on the left was taking long swigs from his flask. I was on the verge of asking him for some.

"Pardon?"

The detective complimenting me on my ability to kill leaned back in his chair, with almost a look of pride in his eyes. 

"Oh yes. You're very lucky we got to you before the authorities did, with you rampaging like that." 

Rampaging indeed. That was some of the most fun I've had in my life. 

"We really will need to check your mental health before you're trained, but I must congratulate you. You did very well," he finished, a satisfied grin splitting his face.

"So I'm free to go?"

"Not quite." 

Lefty addressed me, reaching for something in his pocket. 

"We were very, very lucky we found you. We can't let you go now." 

The something was a pistol, which was now aimed directly at my head. 

I raised my hand, lifting my middle finger to their faces. 

He pulled the trigger.

edit: formatting + deleted a word