My head pounded raw as I took each ragged breath, laid prone on my stiff and sweaty mattress, the sour stench of disease rising to the vents of my bedroom. Often I wondered whether or not I’d know if I was dead. Perhaps I’m already living in my personal state of hell, the maids demons shuffling in and out each day to clear my bedpan or bring me breakfast, all in an effort to rehabilitate my decaying body long enough that I can sign their paychecks for another week. *”Perhaps I’m a figment of* their *hell,”* I wondered. A dry laugh turned into a coughing fit, slicing into the walls of my throat. 

I felt my torso contract wildly as I forced down another incoming hawk, and was gifted with a short reprieve. But another pummeled through my trachea like a runaway freight train, catching me off-guard as my hand swung into my chest in an effort to pound the coughing fit away. They kept coming nonetheless, a sledgehammer to my lungs, forcing spittle to crawl down my cracked lip. I reached blindly for a handkerchief to cover my mouth with, but froze when I saw him. Standing at my doorway was a hooded skeleton, phalanges gripped tightly around a gnarled farmer’s scythe.

Though his body resembled that of a man, his head wasn’t that of any living creature. It stretched long, his mouth twisted into a wide grimace, with countless pinholes cracked into where his eye cavity belonged. Despite his horrific visage, an inexplicable sense of warmth and love spread through my being, permeating and seeping through a level of myself I was yet unaware of. An undetectable part of himself was caressing me, a gentle embrace impossibly soft for bones so caked in age.

He began to speak soon after, a deep vibrato drumming every inch of my skin, seemingly coming from everywhere and nowhere at once. “I apologize with direst sincerity for leaving you in such an ailing state, my child. Please, take my hand. Indeed, I am Death, though you will find my grasp soft, light upon flesh. The sweetest departure, especially for those so misfortuned.”

I was enraptured, deep within the thralls of this phantom. I could tell that he was speaking to my soul, the vestiges of my body a simple and transparent shell. Every aspect of his voice clung to my mind, from his even cadence to the lilt of a faint Israeli accent. My gaze began to flicker as I gently reached for his hand, but I began to focus on the scythe he carried, sharpened to a bleeding point, with a black hilt crafted with complete practicality in mind. Absently, I reached over and ran my hand over the intricate carvings, a primal sense of foreboding growing as a malignant seed within my euphoria.

“Father,” I began, a child once again, “if you intend me no other deed than kindness, why do you hold the tools of sorrow in your opposing hand?” In an instant, the thousand vacant craters of his eyes all peered at me. Sharp, white points appeared like pinpricks in each crater as he grew quiet, dampening the sound of the room around me to the extent that I couldn’t hear the quiet, curious rhythm of my own breath or the silent buzzing of my mind.

A reprimandive clacking emanated from his throat. Though neither menacing nor scathing, he brought forth an air of disconnection, retracting several tendrils of his intimacy.

“It is for those who deny my care, the ones unwilling to let go of their pain. I am here to send the dead and dying to a better place in the moment of their finality,” he answered. Despite my affection, I could sense a dark pit within his words that forced my hand to retract. 

His thousand eyes blurred into a deep, black stain unlike anything I’d encountered before, an inexorable pit that I could start to feel tugging at my flesh. I knew then that his solace was the swallowing of my whole, a departure to a place so completely devoid of cohesion and knowledge that all sensation was effectively rendered inert. This was not a being of empathy, nor a being of reason. The end of all things were his viscera cloaked beneath the allure of salvation.

“Leave this place,” I commanded. “You are no mercy. You are no harbinger of Providence.” My words rang clearly, yet my terror was apparent, each atrophied sinew of muscle yanking me backwards up the creaking headboard as the being’s bony fingers gripped the handle of his blade to the point of cracking. A loud, gurgling bellow escaped through yellowed teeth, an inflamed roar and derisive cackle all at once.

“So, I am to be defied? Then I shall away, though you will not otherwise comprehend your shortsighted decision made on this day, which I find revolting,” he dripped, venomous in his admonition. “I will allow you a natural departure, and shall include the kindness of returning you to your prior state without any extraneous punishment.” Lifting his scythe, he slammed the blade end into my chest, but disappeared before so much as a scratch was made. 

Before I could comprehend my surroundings, however, I was struck with the most hellish of sensations. I felt my chest and head crushing under their own weight as I collapsed, spine rolling painfully down the top of the bed. My body seemed stricken entirely by frost, joints bracketed as I was ravaged by the various ailments I’d attained through life in one crashing tide. Bile scorched the walls of my throat, undoubtedly drawing blood from the eroded tissue. With all the effort I could manage, I swallowed down each endless wave, rendering me to the brink of unconsciousness.

I laid still for hours, void of thought and desire. Eventually, however, I began to fixate upon the being, and how he intended me to be this way. A sensation emerged, long-dormant: seething and insuperable fury wrought within that pit of hopelessness. Newfound in my anger, I gathered my body, and, with heaving groans, sat upright, ready to face any prospective visitors.