"Samir, are you ready to translate?"

"Just as soon as you turn it on, Dr. Zvedny."

"Okay, we're recording to three sites and local storage, along with the livestream, so we're ready for you, Dr. Ghanem.  I'm going to flip the switch.  Remember, it might be kinda rough as this clay was grog-heavy and not porcelain-fine, but the algorithms should smooth that out soon. ...enough delaying, I'm turning it on."

The long-dead potter's hands were the needle and the clay was the record.  All the sounds from that ancient studio should be retrievable.  It had taken hundreds of tries to find a single vase large enough to record a clear, clean "pull" of the potter's hands up the side of the piece.  The entire vase had been scanned and the "pull" became a single track of sound.  It was digitized and analyzed.  The software had needed dozens of tweaks to compensate for heartbeat, breathing, swallowing, the thuds as the wheel was propelled with hand or foot, and the potter's breath itself shushhhing over the clay.

A string of high-pitched gibberish whizzed out of the speakers.  An agonized, horrified moment was broken by almost-hysterical giggle.  "Sorry, we forgot to account for normal shrinkage during firing.  I'll run it back slower."  Everyone broke the tension with a smile or a chuckle, and then a moment of silent hope... and then a long-dead language rang out for the first time in millennia.  All eyes were on Dr. Ghanem.

She listened, then gasped.  The recording finished.  "That couldn't be... it must be verb drift... Play it again.  Put it on loop.  I must be sure."

She was silent through two, three repeats of the 40-second track.  The only sound from the Linguist was the flip of her trained hands through her own books.  Finally she straightened, pressed her left hand to her headphones, and at the next replay quietly said:

"*I miss the easy old ways of powered production, and the fun of our great cities, but I don't miss the pollution.  There is less disease in these small, dispersed settlements even if they are idiot animists.  Our children's children may not be able to do complicated maths but at least no more will die in these crazy floods.  I hope returning to rural ways will stabilize the rain and wind patterns, our yearly rains have been...."*  Dr. Ghanem closed her eyes and swallowed.  "That's it, it stops there.  The word for 'complicated maths' may mean algebra or calculus or a higher math, and the 'rain and wind patterns' may have included words for millibars.  I've never heard that word before, but this is such an old piece that its dialect is almost out of reach.  I just..."

She closed her eyes and shook her head, took her headphones off.  The room was silent.