"Bone cancer in children, really?" Margret spat the words at Theo. "I mean, as a punishment? Okay. For taking your name in vain or practicing forbidden magic? I can get that. But random chance?"

Theo didn't really know how to answer. This was the third date his friends had set up for him and it's the third that had ended like this. He tried to defend himself, in vain. 

"Actually, I took away their magic." 

"You WHAT?" 

"I took away their magic." he mumbled into his napkin.

"So after you let loose one of the most 'too edgy for me' curses known to Gods, at random for that matter, you take away their only chance of getting rid of it?"

Their little dispute started to draw the attention of the other patrons. This discussion wasn't really suited for the kind of high class restaurant they were in. Margret was shifting in her seat, too disgusted to look her date in the face. Theo, equally unsettled, tried to dodge the contemptuous glances thrown in his direction. Second attempt:

"Well they have this thing called technology to deal with it. They're pretty smart if you let them be, they're really creative!"

"They're creations, Theo. Made for the sole purpose to be guided. This kind of negligence can…"

She hunched over the table, whispering  "This kind of negligence gets you thrown in jail! Do you know what they do to people who abuse their creations in jail?"

"I'm not abusing them, they just have freedom! They love it! They're incredibly self-confident, oh, you should see the pride they feel when they achieve something on their own, it's just-"

"They're not meant to do anything on their 'own', Theo" Her disgust was slowly turning into pity, "Most succesful creations don't even have an 'own'. My bumblebee hivemind has exactly one 'own' and even I think it's too much individuality sometimes! I mean, how can they even thrive if they're all just chasing after each other?"

"And what do you have to show for it?" 

Theo was surprised of his own self confidence. He stood up and continued:
"Has your bumblebee hivemind discovered interdimensional travel? Has your bumblebee hivemind ever pondered the fabric of their reality, wrote it out in glyphs and ciphers and then thaught it to others of their kind so they too can know beauty?" 

She had been dissing his creation since he first mentioned the words 'free will'. This was his baby she was talking about, these were *his* humans! The whole room had their eyes on him. Even the angelic waiters stopped in their tracks. "So what if I don't listen to every prayer? So what if I let them take my name in vain? They asked for freedom, I gave it to them. I challenge them, they overcome. No, they *surpass*! You call it negligence, I call it an education! Their art, their tragedies, their very lives and unpredictability… None of your shitty creations will ever top something as gr-"

Just as Theo was getting to the crux of his rant, a white flash interrupted him. Hovering just an inch above his dinnerplate was a strange, oblong object. The restaurant went dead silent. 

"What in the worlds?" Margret didn't quite understand. Theo himself didn't quite understand either, but then it dawned on him.

"This is a spaceship, Margret. This is what my humans have achieved. Everyone, this is the pinnacle of what I call 'evolution'."

The ship opened from the bottom, lowering a ramp onto the table. Out came a group of humans, dressed up in little human suits and equipped with all manner of alien devices. One of them looked up to Theo and spoke.

"Geetings, are you God?"

"I am, human. I am your crea-"

The human pointed his device at Theo and fired. An explosion, bright and loud, followed by what is best described as an implosion which sucked all the noise and light back from where it came. Theo was gone. Vanished. In the blink of an angelic eye. 

The humans got back on board as the ship was getting ready for launch.
One of them looked back, shaking it's little human head.

"Bone cancer in children? Really?"