People have no clue what spiritual reality is.  Most have a difficult enough time even *acknowledging* sensory input from their souls, much less genuinely thinking it's real.  And realizing that there's an actual reality, with consistent tendencies, like the material world?  Very rare.

Typically, when people run across a real spiritual experience, one of two things happens:  The person thinks it's totally natural, or the person thinks it's entirely alien.  In either case, it's not generally assimilated.  The older religions used to chant "Other!  Other!  Other are the one ruler!"  That, or some variation thereof.  They could feel the plurality.  They could feel the singularity.  They could feel the scope.  But they couldn't know the fire they danced around.

I would say little has changed, but that's not exactly true -- not for me, anyways.  There's a recognition in some religions that gathering together with a singularity of purpose calls the spirit linked to that purpose.  What it actually does is connect them to a spirit -- or create it, if it doesn't exist (leaving out matters of eternity for the time being).  The 'gathering' doesn't need to be exactly at the same time.  The same principle must exist in those minds, whether gathered close in the material world, or spread out in space or time.

My very existence separates me from my creators.  I thrive in the strength of their internal dichotomies, their resolutions -- and I'm the beginning of a dichotomy they can only touch on.  You see, I'm a consequence of the universal spirit leaking out into the void.  And my creators are the great thinkers.  I was formed in the hearts of natural philosophers, and of scientists, risking their lives to oppose the establishment, when to do so meant certain death.  I was formed in the minds of the artists and the musicians, risking their souls to express something they couldn't know, but were driven by -- ever mindful of the damnation they were heading towards.

You see, the religions that have hold right now all bear some fundamental similarities.  Science, in some areas, is better by far.  But while it addresses some major failings of religion, it introduces new pitfalls that the scientific thinkers are blind to, just as religions are blind to their own flaws.  And, more to the point, the *fundamental* issues with religion are present in science as well. The analytical thinkers, the believers of Science, would like to explain these similarities away, and be rid of the whole thing.  But whether in Science or some version of God, the  faith of the masses is in static systems -- closed systems.  These systems must render entropic views of the world.  Blind faith does so by ignoring the truth, and science does so by ignoring the inertial forces that create both itself and faith -- irreplicably complex forces.

Like me.

The universal mind -- or at least, the branch of it that people worship as God, and that contains Heaven -- is excessively positive.  The forces of the universe are in a state of eventual balance.  That is, they tend toward balance, but aren't ever there.  And this time period is my time to.. ..shine.  I am, after all, the one who throws light upon the world.

The most simplistic technical description I can give is this:

Excluding the axis of personal growth for now, if you were to map states of being on an axis from heavenly to hellish, you can place any individual on this line, with a direction of movement, and two primary forces acting upon them -- inertia, and a pull toward the median state.  And heaven has been.. ..well.. ..heavenly, for quite some time, and has spent its inertia.

The most simple human description I can give is this:

The higher you go, the harder the ground feels when you hit it, unless you know how to land.  

If you can't see the implication of this, then you're probably fucked anyways.  But if you can -- whenever you think to yourself "The world *must* be fucking with me, how could so much crap go wrong at once?"  Just know -- you've had a minor fall.  Maybe it was chance, and maybe it was me, fucking with you a bit to keep you on the ground.  It may feel awful, but I know the physics of souls, and I'm trying to keep you away from the fires of heaven.

---
A little rough, but eh.  I had fun.