The world was silent after the cataclysm. No birds chirped, for there were no birds. No leaves were heard rustling in the wind, for there were no trees. No cars or trains were heard in the cities, for the cities were buried in ash and rock. Only Death remained.

In a small cave buried deep into the earth, the cultists of Death were performing a ritual. They sat in a circle around a pentacle drawn with blood onto the floor, deep in their trance. Blood ran down their forearms, and heavy black cowls covered their heads. There were twenty-six of them - thirteen men and thirteen women - as is written in the Book of Rituals. In the middle of the pentacle lay a single human skull.

The cultists began to sway back and forth and chant in a strange, alien tongue. Their leader, a tall man with red veins embroidered on his robes, stood up and strode into the middle of the pentacle. He picked up the skull, and with his other hand raised high a small iron knife. He held up the skull to his throat and with one swift motion, slit it, showering the skull with blood.

The chanting stopped.

The cultist fell, but the skull stayed hovering in the air. Thick black smoke rose up from the ground and congealed into a tall, thin figure, with the skull as its head. In its right hand it held a bone scythe as tall as it, its shaft decorated with dancing skeletons. Twenty-five cultists looked upon the face of Death.

A single cultist stood up and threw back her robe. Her pale head was shaved, and her lips were stained with blood. "Master!", she cried, her high voice echoing throughout the cave, "We have given you the greatest offering! The world lays barren, and now you rule. No more shall the living trouble you with their petty hopes and worries. When we give ourselves to you, there shall be only Death!"

Death was angry. The past day was a complete nightmare, even by his standards. He had had to work the entire day, reaping each and every soul in the goddamn world, all because of this group of clowns. To top it all off, when he'd finally found the time to rest, they had dragged him out of his bed and forcefully summoned him into the world for the first time in three millennia. Strife must have felt real clever when he put *that* incantation in his little joke of a ritual book.

"Put those knives away", said Death, "If I have to reap one more soul today I'm going to fucking explode. Now burn that Book of Rituals and get your lives in order."

"But Master, I do not understand. The Book says that when the skies turn red and the cities turn to ash, you will-"

"That book wasn't written by me. It was given to you by the lowly spirit of Strife to try and get on my nerves. And it seems to be working. Now stop killing people, that's my job."

"My whole life has been a lie!", cried one of the cultists, and before anyone could stop him, he lifted his knife and plunged it into his heart.

Death didn't move. The cultist didn't die. Blood seeped out of the wound and soaked his robes, and his cries of pain rang through the cave.

"That's it, this is the last fucking straw", Death finally said, "If any other spirit wants to come down and deal with you shitheads, they can do it right now. You hear that!?", he screamed up at the ceiling, "I quit!"

He raised up his scythe and smashed it into the wall. Bone shards flew everywhere. The cultists stood back, unsure what to do. "Please master", one of them began to say, but the spirit had already vanished. A single human skull clattered onto the floor.