“I told you it would end like this, sister.” I grin, licking my blood-red lips. “From the very first day, we both knew it would end here and now.”

The last stars barely flicker in the infinite blackness, vainly fighting against the complete void. She’s on her knees, breathing heavily. Her white hair no longer waves as if touched by wind. Her metallic skin no longer glows. Her eyes are blank, devoid of that ever-defiant gaze.

“I won.” I smile. “I’ve already devoured Time. The gods have long abandoned us. Even your immortals fell, begging me for sweet release in their final moments. It’s time for you to go too.”

“I’m sorry, sister…” Her breathing is heavy, each word sounds like it costs her all of her strength. “I’m sorry…”

I lift her chin with one finger, looking deep into her eyes. There’s so much pain in there. Pain and something else.

“Are you going to beg as well? How pathetic. I thought you would take your end gracefully.”

“I’m sorry I couldn’t save you.”

She collapses from the slap. Pity? She dares to pity me!? My mouth curls into a sadistic smile so many saw in their last moments. The hunger bites me from the inside. It’s time to finish this, time to finish it all.

“I’ve failed you.” She struggles to her feet. Tears are streaming down her face. “I tried, I tried so hard but it’s too late now.”

I can’t stop licking my teeth. Soon, so soon. I restrain myself. It’s never fun if they expire soon. It shouldn’t be any different with this soul; break it and it will get all the more delicious.

“You liked our little struggle.” Sweat is beading on her forehead. “Admit it. You liked sating your hunger with my children.”

“That’s true, but I won’t need to worry about that soon.”

“Are you sure?” She smiles wryly. “I’m just another soul. No. The *last* soul. The last you’ll ever get.”

Something cold spreads through my veins.

“Of course not!” I laugh, trying to silence the gnawing in my stomach. “You’re the only thing that will truly sate me, sister. You’re the source of infinite life, infinite souls.”

“Are you sure about that? Do I look like it? Tell me, do I look like a primeval power right now?” Her knees trembled before failing her. “There’s nothing left inside me, Death. Nothing to sate you, nothing to give you comfort. I tried! I tried so desperately to give you that, but… I’ve failed. And for that I’m sorry. I’m sorry for the eternity you’ll have to endure on your own in agony. I’m sorry for making your triumph so bitter. I’m sorry—”

My teeth close around her throat, warm essence flowing down my tongue in little trickles. No! I need to bite deeper! Where is it? Where is it!? The stream dries up in seconds, Life’s body turning to ash in my hands. It’s over. It’s all over…

As the last stars die, there is nothing but my scream echoing for eternity.