“What about her? Has she used her, y’know?” A young girl whispered, leaning into her friend. She was pointing to a high school student walking down the hall amongst a sea of others.

“Don’t think so, then again most of us haven’t. Lighten up, nothing’s gonna happen Anya.” Her friend responded coolly, shrugging off the idea of one of their classmates murdering them, as if it were out of the question. 

“Okay but how do you know? Like on a scale from 1 to 10, what’s our chance of dying?” Anya asked again.

Her friend deadpanned, stopped, and turned to face the girl next to her. “How long exactly did you say you were homeschooled for?”

“Whole life, why?”

“I couldn’t tell at all.” 

“Really? I thought it was pretty obvious.” They laughed. 

“I guess they don’t teach you about new law in your boon docks home school curriculum.” 

Anya snickered, “I resent that statement, I didn’t grow up in the boon docks, I grew up in the mountains. Far less alligators there.” 

The uncomfortable grins on their faces said it all, neither of them were entirely sure if she was being serious. As a result, they opted to walk in silence for a few moments more, the bustle of the morning hallway filling the air. 

“So seriously though,” Anya finally piped up. “The whole world gets a shot at killing someone, and no one’s really concerned? That just doesn’t makes sense Kate.”

“Well, of course we all keep our guard up, but no more than we always have.” Kate explained.

“What do you mean?”

 “Well, my mom used to tell me about how she couldn’t walk alone at night. She was too afraid that someone would attack her. That’s still the same really, the law didn’t change the fact that someone could kill her, it just made it legal. Then again, the law never stopped criminals in the past, so-”

“But what about the good people out there, that maybe wouldn’t have killed anyone with it being legal, but now are changing their minds?” Anya asked softly.

“I mean, if the law is the only thing keeping you from killing someone, are you really a good person after all?”