Musk from the station's only prison cell smacks Detective James in the face as he opens the door, but he doesn't flinch.  Deep wrinkles show the time he's been working at the precinct, and coupled with his grey hair it adds over a decade to his real age.  "Get up, we're going to have a chat."  A young girl, possibly mid-twenties, brings herself up from the floor with a smile, long brown hair falling to her waist.  She doesn't look crazy, but that's not what her psychological profile says.  The Feds found 16 mothers, all with the birth date August 15th, 1970, all found dead via asphyxiation secondary to tracheal collapse, and all with relatively small handprints on their throats.  They believe that this girl is their murderer.  

The two enter the interrogation room, the girl with her hands cuffed behind her back, the detective wishing he had time to grab a smoke beforehand.  The two seat themselves at a table across from each other and eye each other up. The detective places a closed manilla folder on the table, arming himself with evidence of the atrocities the girl in front of him committed.  He takes a deep breath.  "Ms. Muerte, does the date 8/15/1970 mean anything to you?" he pries.

"That's my mother's birthday.  She died six years ago." 

Detective James, surprised he got such a forward answer, flips through the file, pretending he knows what he is going to say already.  "I see.  How did you feel when your mother passed?  Angry?  Sorrowful?  Anguished? Nothing?"

"You could say I was full of grief. But I was... distracted..." She fades off, daydreaming of the being that was present for her moment of greatest suffering: Grim Reaper.  Love gurgling within her, she recollects the way he approached her, so gently, so purposefully, how it was captivating for her.  The scythe used to collect her mother's soul was keen and caring, and the being wielding it was so... sexy.  

"Hello?" The detective snaps his fingers repeatedly in the girl's face until she jolts to alertness, then he sighs.  He repeats, "What have you done to cope with your mother's death?" The girl fidgets in her seat.  "C'mon, I don't have all day." Continuing to fidget, the interviewee smirks back at her interrogator. 

"You might not have all day, but I have an eternity," she retorts, snorting to herself.  She knows that Grim will come back to see her, they've formed a special bond over the past six years.  They've talked over a picnic in Central Park, gone bike riding in the Appalachians, even watched a sun set in the Grand Canyon.  It's been hard keeping up with her passionate romance with Grim since it requires so much effort on her part, but she loves him. 

"Tell me more about what you mean by that," the detective inquires, shifting his weight in his chair.  He can never get comfortable without his cigarettes.  Click.  The girl stops fidgeting.  "What are y-" the detective begins, but is cut off due to an incision to his jugular artery that spews blood over the manilla folder.  

"I needed to see you again before I do this," the girl says to the being now presiding over her fresh kill.  

"I can tell--not your usual work.  He was going out soon anyway.  Lung cancer.  Plus I think our last date had a much better view."  An excited grin slides along Grim's face.  "I'm glad you were able to see me though.  There's a new opening at the office; they desperately need a new Reaper of Cute Animals that I think you'd enjoy.  I asked them to hold off on interviews before I ran it by you."  He draws his scythe and pulls the soul from the uniformed man on the floor.  

"Oh my god, you got me a job??" the girl exclaims, dropping her razor sharp zipper clip on the table and hugging the entity she loves. 

"Well, I got you an interview at least," he laughs, squeezing her tightly, "You just need to show up to the interview."

"Now, I think we can be together, right?"  Glistening eyes gazed joyfully at the being, full of hope and love.

"Yup, we just have one last step to go before you can be Mrs. Reaper." 

The two lovers exchange nods and move towards the dead officer.  Commotion outside hastens their plans as the girl frantically searches the belt for what she needs.  As the deceased one's backup bursts through the door, she pulls the trigger, releasing her soul and joining her ethereal companion.  