My mom and dad were young, only teenagers, when they met at a party. My mom says my dad was quite the charmer, walking around talking to girls. My mom was sitting in as much as a corner as possible, carefully making sure not to be noticed. My dad was intrigued by her, told me he had never met and would never again meet such a wonderful person. Unfortunately for them, my mom became pregnant not long after they got together. Way too young but also extremely in love. My mom started to share her family secrets with my dad. My dad called them superstitions, self fulfilling prophesies and sometimes bullshit. He just would not have it and assured her she would be lucky if she believed in it, just like he did. My mother's family expected the worst for me, which is not that strange if you hear the list of misfortune in childbirth over the generations. In the last generations however the children were born healthier, there occurred less complications during childbirth and more children lived to become adults. 'It is the gift of the advancing medical care', my granddad would always say, but I never believed his eyes. Anyhow, I was born, a healthy and strong baby boy. Of course, no-one assumed I would stay that way. My mother's family was always worried, always prepared for the worst. Family meetings would always start with familymembers finding each others eyes, looking for signs of terrible news on the way. After a couple of years of experiencing the misfortune of the family, my dad grew more and more anxious, losing grip of his believe there exist no thing as chronic bad luck. Even though nothing serious happened to me. Still, a child just will fall, will get hurt and will be sad. A young dad who is losing grip of what he believes has a hard time seeing this is natural. Fueled by the fear of the family, he became protective of me, then overly protective. He kept my mother's family away as much as possible, as if their bad luck would rub off on me. My mom tried to reason with him, but it didn't seem to help. Even though everything went quite smoothly for me. I had a lot of friends, did wel in school, loved to play sports and, if I might add, am quite good looking. Still, I was never allowed to do anything that seemed too dangerous, but worse, he never seemed to be truly happy for me. As if he believed even successes would be temporary and only existed so they could be taken away. Ironically, his fear brought a lot of misfortune upon him. His choices became only based on emotion and he started to lose grip on himself and his life. In the end he became convinced the bad luck of my mom was the reason everything went wrong for him, so he left. My mom took it way better than I expected. After all, she had a life full of practicing defeat and misfortune. 
Although she was always happy for me and always supporting and encouraging me, she did not always know how to handle a child that wasn't unlucky. Afraid it was all a dream, but also painfully confronted with the fact that her life wasn't normal.
To this day, I wonder whether it was luck or misfortune that I was born. 
