  The light was blinding. I felt weightless, like I was floating. I tried to block the light with my hands, but it was coming from all sides and eventually I had to simply close my eyes. The astoundingly bright light began to fade, and I saw clouds. No, not just clouds. There were people too, people with wings. Could they be? No. Its impossible. Where am I? This can't be earth.
  One of the strange people began walking towards me. He seemed panicked. "Oh dear. Oh no. It's happening," he spoke incredibly quick. He looked up at me and took a hold of my wrist. He turned around and began walking me towards a desk. I didn't expect there to be desks in the clouds. 
  "I'm sorry for seeming so nervous before," he took a seat behind the desk and gestured for me to sit down across from him "but you see, you're my first client!"
  "Client?"
  "Oh of course!" He chuckled to himself as he pulled out a pamphlet, and flipped through the pages "Ah, here it is. I'm sorry to inform you that you are now dead. Well, that's a bit blunt don't you think?" He didn't wait for me to respond. "You're in heaven! Congrats!"
  "I-I can't seem to remember anything... How did I die?"
  "Oh, I don't think you want to know."
  "Why not?"
  "Just trust me on this one."
  "Can you at least tell me why I can't remember my life?"
  "Well, that's because you have been selected for a new experiment!"
  "What?"
  "You get to restart your entire life with the knowledge you have now! We're going to grant you back your memories in a little while. But first you need to sign some paperwork,"
  "What if I don't want to be a part of this experiment?"
  "Then you go to hell," He was still smiling. This dude is weird. I cautiously took the paperwork from him and began to sign on the dotted lines. Without even telling him I had finished, he snatched up the papers as soon as I signed the last line.
  "Alrighty, were all done here!" He snapped and I saw the light again. 
  Suddenly all of my life's memories came flooding back to me. He was right. I didn't want to know how I died. I heard a muffled voice. "Congratulations! It's a girl!" I was placed in a strange woman's arms, without thinking I yelled.
  "Who the fuck are you?!" She dropped me, and I saw the light again, and the Angel. 
  "I knew she should have used Tom instead of you. Well, come on then we're gonna try this again." He snapped and once again, I saw the light.