I sat at the bar sipping my cocktail. It was late Christmas eve. Fat, white flakes of snow fell outside, quieting the already quiet streets. The metal barstools were warm for once.  Hardly anybody had come in tonight to see me drinking away my sorrows, and the ones who did quickly left after seeing the gloomy environment. Even the bartender had gone into the back, stopping back occasionally to refill my drink.

This wasn't the first time I had ended up here.

In the city, nobody looks out for you. And I could hardly look out for myself. Thankfully, it would all be over soon. I bought the gun last week. My last night out on the town felt just like the rest. To my surprise, I heard a little ding as the door into the bar opened. *Strange*, I thought, *for* *someone* *else* *to* *enter* *at* *this* *time* *of* *night*. The man, dressed in a black suit, approached the bar holding a small package in a cardboard box. Even as he approached the bar, his face remained obscured, as though it was constantly under shadow. He sat down next to me.

"Good evening, sir. This package is for you. Merry Christmas."

And with that, he got up and left. Didn't even order a drink. Didn't even let me reply.

I sat there, package in one hand, my cocktail in the other. On the box, a tag read "DO NOT OPEN UNTIL CHRISTMAS." Who had the nerve to send me a Christmas present? I thought about throwing it away there, but decided the poor people who found me could use it instead. I set my drink on the counter, and the contents of my wallet I was no longer needing next to it, save twenty dollars for the cab home. I stepped outside, and hailed a cab. The man was nice, and didn't say a word. In silence, I handed him the twenty, before stumbling into my apartment.

There it was. My way out.

I set the package down on the nightstand, picking up the gun I had left there. I sat down on the bed. The alarm clock said 11:59. Nearly Christmas. Was this really what I wanted to do? A small voice inside me said no. My pain said yes. I pulled the trigger. I screamed silently, then the world went white.

I was still sitting in my bed, the gun in my mouth with something else. I spat it out. A bullet. I looked over to my bedside. The cardboard packaged had turned a shimmering liquid silver. The box spoke.

"Welcome to immortality, dearest self. Merry Christmas."

The box opened up, with a new package inside. A card sat on top with directions for delivery.

"Please meet in Times Square, New York City, 2070."

Edit: Sequel is out!

Edit 2: All of this story and its continuation can now be found at r/TheEternityRelic