 “I think I have most of the information I need. But I have one last parting question – you’ve been doing this for 30 years. What makes you get out of bed every day and do what you do? Especially when most cases go unsolved? When you have to look at a hopeful loved one and tell them you can’t help them?”

I looked at the enthusiastic young reporter before me. Her name was Hannah and she was fresh out of college. She had sought to interview me for a feature piece she was writing. So, I decided to meet her for lunch. She seemed a good sort and genuine about her interest in the story. She wanted to know what it was like to work in the Missing Persons Unit of the precinct. And with 30 years under my belt I was pretty much an expert. 

But she wasn’t the first one to ask me this question, and I doubt she will be the last. I told her the same thing I’ve told the rest.

“I choose to think about who I can help rather than dwell on who I couldn’t. I’m not saying that it doesn’t get to me when a case turns cold. But if you want to ask me how I survive it, cliched as it might sound, it’s by staying positive. For every case we cannot solve, there will be ones we do. I get out of bed every day because if I don’t then there will be a lot more disheartened families out there. I hope to lessen the grief, even if it is by solving just one case in a hundred.”

…

I walked back to the office replaying the interview in my mind and hoping I came across well. Hannah reminded me of my own daughter and I hope her article does well for her career. I sighed as I entered my overly-familiar cabin. I couldn’t admit it most of the times in order to keep the morale of my team up and the faith of the people vested in me - but I was exhausted. It was the kind of exhaustion that seems to seep into your very bones. Your soul. An exhaustion that you carry with you even after you lay down to sleep.

It was only after I sat at my desk and reached out for the phone that I noticed the file. I put on my glasses with one hand while picking it up with the other. It was an old folder with the file number and the words ‘Cold Case’ stamped on it. 

I opened it and saw a photograph of my 3-year old self looking back at me. I adjusted my glasses. Was I seeing what I think I was seeing? I peered more closely at the old photograph. It surely looked just like me, it was the same face I had seen in so many of my childhood photos. But how was this possible? Was this a joke of some sort?

I went through the file and checked the rest of the details. The town was the same one where I was born. The house address, the date of birth, the names of the parents – everything was the same. Except for one minor detail, the typewriter ink on the name was a little smudged but I though it read ‘Edwin “Eddy” Jones’ - my name was Edward. The smudge made it difficult to discern. 

I picked up the phone and dialled my secretary Frieda’s extension and asked her to look the case number up on the computer files. I cradled the receiver of the phone against my ear and rifled through the file some more as she clacked away. 

“Sir are you there?” Frieda’s voice called through the receiver. I had been poring through the file so intently that she startled me.

“Yes, yes,” I responded, almost dislodging the precariously balanced receiver in the process.

“The case number you gave me belongs to really old missing persons case of a 3-year old boy born on October 17, 1963. His name is Eddy Jones.”

“What’s his full name?”

“According to this file, it is Edwin Jones.”

“Edwin? Are you sure it’s Edwin and not Edward?”

“Um, no sir, unless someone entered the data incorrectly it clearly says here that it is an Edwin Jones.” 

“But that’s so strange,” I half-mumbled to myself.

“Sir, I just realised that most of the details here are exactly like yours. Isn’t that weird?”

“Yes, very weird,” I said trying to process it for myself.

“If I didn’t know any better I’d say it was your twin,” Frieda chuckled. But I froze. A twin? That wasn’t possible. I was an only child. My parents never mentioned having another child, leave alone a twin. 

“Sir?” 

“Yes, Frieda, sorry, I have to make an urgent call. Thank you for your help.”

I quickly hung up the phone and picked it up again to dial another familiar number, because that was the only way I could begin to get to the bottom of it. 

The phone rang for a considerable time, testing my patience. I fiddled anxiously as I heard the eighth ring. I had almost given up when someone picked up the phone and I heard a familiar voice say a cautious ‘hello’.

“Hey Ma, how are you?” 

I could hear the delight in her voice as she replied, “Eddie, how are you son? I haven’t heard from you in so long. You know, Nellie came to visit me, and I was – “

“Ma,” I said, hating cutting her short, “sorry, I’ll listen to your story, but first, I need to ask you something urgently. Did you ever file a missing persons case in 1966 when I was 3 years old?”

There was silence for the longest time.

“Ma?” I prompted.

“Why do you ask?” she responded shakily. I knew something was up.

“You know I work in the Missing Persons Unit.”

“But what does it have to do with you now? This was over 50 years ago! And they told me it was hopeless. Why did you have to bring it up now!” Her voice shook towards the end and I could hear her breathing get heavy.

“It was hopeless? Ma, what are you saying? Look, someone kept this file on my desk. All the information points to me, even the photo looks like me, but I’m right here. The only thing different is,” I took a deep breath, “the name, the name on the file says it’s Edwin Jones, not Edward Jones.”

There was another long spell of silence. I was trying my best to keep calm and digest it all. If there was one thing my job had taught me it was patience, and not to react. I took a deep breath.

“Ma, is there something you’re not telling me?”

I could hear her take a shaky breath, “Edwin was your twin brother.”

I rubbed my face as I absorbed the news although it did not come as much of a surprise considering recent factors. I felt like I was in a cliched movie. A twin brother I didn’t know about, for all my life! 

“Why was I never told about this?”

“You were so young. You both had just turned 3. Your brother went missing barely a week later. And we tried and we tried and we just couldn’t find any trace. The authorities told us after a few months that they were shutting the case as a cold one. You barely had any memories from that time. We just didn’t know what or how to tell you. And maybe we were selfish in keeping it from you. But it helped your father and I to cope.”

I didn’t say anything. After all these years, and all the bizarre and overwhelming cases I had seen, families I had seen grieving, I guess I could understand. 

“I’m sorry Eddy. At the time I felt I just wouldn’t be able to answer all your questions without breaking down over it. So, I took the easy way out, and kept you in the dark.”

I sighed. “It’s okay Ma, you had your reasons.”

“You said someone left the case file on your desk? Who?”

“I don’t know.”

“But why now? After all these years?”

“I don’t know.”

“What are you going to do?”

The answer to that question I knew before it was even asked.

“I’m going to do what I do best. I’m going to try and solve a missing persons case.”