The red-faced woman walked into the Super Fast Emporium with a cigarette hanging precariously from her lip like a magic trick. Ranjit could smell the booze on her from behind the counter; better yet, he could probably name the brand. Years working nights at his parents' store had made him something of an expert, like a sommelier of shitty beer. *Aromas of mud, urine, and crushed menthol cigarette butts lift this evening's Schlitz drunk to the height of her lowest point.*

Though her gait was unsteady, her route to the beer fridge was dead-straight. Predictably, she opened both of the doors and stood in front of them, swaying as if in some trancendental state before an altar of low-cost suds. Rajit considered asking her to hurry, but his desire to avoid interaction for as long as possible outweighed his concerns for the electric bill.

Finally the woman chose, and slowly made hre way to the register, a twelver hanging at her side like old luggage. She hoisted it up to the counter with a foul wheeze and asked for a pack of smokes to boot. Up close now, Rajit noticed the bulbous alky nose, the bloodshot eyes, the 30-year-old bleach blonde hairdo...this lady was serious business. The kind of person for whom sobriety was as vague and fleeting as a remembered nightmare. 

His misgivings about selling alcohol to a drunk person quickly went away; he was dealing with a professional here.

As he watched her paw at her yellow swimming trunks in search of her wallet, however, he had second thoughts. How did she even get here? Did she *drive?*

"Ma'am, are you sure you need this?" he asked. 

"Huh? What? Oh don't you fuckin start with me, bin Laden. Just...hold on, where's my fuckin shit?" 

"I don't mean to be rude. It's just...I can see you're already drunk, and--" 

"*Here!*" she said, slamming her wallet down on the counter. Then, realizing that this isn't how commerce works, she snatched it back and began thumbing through it. Eventually, she came up with enough to cover it, and flung a pair of twenties at him. The bills took wing and pulled evasive maneuvers, looping back and landing at her feet. As she bent over to pick them up, she cracked her head square on the counter. The drunk woman straighened up like a bolt, eyes wide and searching. Rajit reached across and grabbed her by the shoulders.

"Christ, woman, are you alright?" 

"You attacked me!"

He let go. "That's it. Get out. You're a danger to the both of us."

The audacious drunk took offense to that. "Yeah? Allah tell you that?" she said, carefully retrieving her fallen notes from the floor. Then she made a high-pitched *looloolool* sound for reasons only she would ever know. 

"I'm Indian, dumbass," he said as she left. "Actually, I'm American. I've never even *been* to India, so why don't you--fuck it, she's gone... And so are the cigarettes! Son of a *bitch!*"

Rajit sighed deeply, and wondered how many other convenience store clerks were sighing at that very moment. Probably millions, he figured. 

The door chimed while he returned the beer to the cooler, but he didn't see the customer until he had returned himself to the register: An old woman in a dark tracksuit pushing an even older man, wearing a matching tracksuit, in a wheelchair. They both held eye contact with Rajit as she slowly wheeled him closer, every few feet his shaky, spotted hand puling a snack from a shelf and tucking it into his jacket. By the time they reached the counter, he had stolen enough sugary food to put the both of them into a coma. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" Rajit said. It wasn't rhetorical; he genuinely had no clue what was happening. 

The old woman stepped out from behind the wheelchair. "Come here, kid."

"Why?" 

"Just do it."

Rajit leaned over and the woman took his face between her thumb and forefinger. Her bony fingers felt like steel digging into his cheek. "No," he shrieked. "No, don't!" 

But it was too late. Her movement was smooth in a way that belied her age--she raised her free thumb and ran it down the length of her tongue in one swift motion. Then, before he knew it, she ground the slimy digit into his chin, again and again. 

"Here, you got some shmutz."

The deed done, Rajit pulled away and wiped the spit off with his shirt. "God! Gross! Now what the hell is going on? Put the food back before I call the cops." 

"The cops," the old woman said. "won't be enough to handle us."

"I'm pretty sure the cops can handle a couple of geriatric Cheeto thieves." 

"You must not know who you're talking to, son," said the old man. 

"We're the infamous *Connie and Clyde!*" announced the old woman. 

Rajit said, "Isn't it supposed to be *Bonnie* and Clyde?"

"I told you it was a stupid idea, Carol."

"BONNIE IS A WHORE'S NAME, STAN!"

"My *mother's* name was Bonnie," whined the old man. 

"I rest my case." 

"Did that drunk lady shoot me? Is this Qwiki-Mart Hell?" Ranjit slapped himself across the face. "Wake up, Ranjit! These crusty white folks aren't real, it's just a dream! Wake up!"

The old woman smiled a menacing, Polident smile. "It's not a dream, kid. We're here to clean you out. Your only hope...I said your only hope...STAN!"

The old man startled. "Huh? Oh, oh, right. '...is to call The Guardian of Good!"

"Um, I'm pretty sure I don't need a superhero to stop you two."

The woman reached across the counter. "Wait, I see more. Right there. No, *there*. Just come here, let me get it."

"Okay, alright, I'm calling him! It'll be fun to watch him pound you two geezers anyway." 

Rajit reached under the counter and pressed the Guardian's call button (every convenience store has one) and within moments, a blur of green came flying thorugh the door. Fists on his hips, the hero in green tights puffed out his chest and said: "Did someone call...THE GUARDIAN OF GO--Oh for fuck's sake. Ma? Dad? *This again?*"

"My baby!" the old woman squealed as she shuffled to him. The old man tried to turn in his chair to no avail. "Eh, is that him?" he asked Ranjit, who was too stunned by the developments to reply. 

"Ma, what did I tell you? 'No petty larceny to get my attention.' I'm too busy for this!"

"Too busy for your mother?" she said, whacking him on the shoulder. She then turned to Ranjit, who hadn't had the chance to pick his jaw up from the counter. "You see how he talks to me? You see how he *treats* me?" 

The Guardian of Good slouched, as if all the energy had been sapped out of him. "Ma, I'm supposed to take you to jail. Jail, ma. Understand? That's the position you put me in!!" 

"Don't talk to your mother like that!" barked Stan, still turned the wrong way in his chair.

"Yeah, don't talk to your mother like that!" Rajit heard himself say. 

The three of them looked at Rajit as if he had just farted. The Guardian of Good opened his mouth to speak, but as he did there was a terrible cackle in the air, like the laughter of the devil himself. 

Suddenly, a dark figure appeared at the door. He wore all black, and a half-mask that covered his eyes, leaving a large, frightening grin from which protruded a long, reptilian tongue. "IT IS I, THE BLACK LIZARD! AND I HAVE COME FOR YOU, GUARDIAN! AT LONG LAST, I HAVE COME FOR YOU! MUHUHAHAHAHA!"

The Guardian of Good stepped in front of his parents and put up his dukes. "I've waited for this moment ever since you slithered out of the sewers, snake! It ends tonight!"

"Not so fast, you two!"

The combatants halted. Turned to the speaker. It was Carol. In her hand, a cellphone. "Sonya?" she said, looking at the screen. "He's here."

The door to the ladies room flew open and banged against the wall, and a middle-aged Puerto Rican woman emerged. "Mi nino!" she screamed, arms wide as she ran to The Dark Lizard. She threw herself at him and tackled him to the ground, peppering his face with smooches. 

"Wait, she was in there the whole time?!" Ranjit asked. No one answered. While the two families sorted out their strange business, Ranjit slinked off to the back, where he promptly called his mom. 

