There were three other fellow students in the Conquest Club, which was located at the school's basement. However, I must confess, they were those *odd* students that weren't very talkative, and often huddled against the corners, as if hiding from the world.

I should've known this, given that Sara had been who invited me to the club, and she, although not shy, was eccentric to say the least. She enjoyed riddles, spent most of her time reading fantasy books, and I often wondered if that hadn't disturbed her view of reality, for she laughed at the birds, wrote poems about the moon, and believed words were magic.

Her oddities made her someone different, and her loving heart made her an exceptional being, although most didn't see her that way, and often rolled their eyes when she spoke her mind, which she did openly and shamelessly.

In time, I discovered the names of the other members were Brynn and Dave. At first, they'd eyed me with slight disdain, and a hint of fear. But Sarah explained that I was harmless and kind-hearted.

"So, Marcus, as you may not know, the Conquest Club is a secret organization I created," Sara said, the lights of the flickering lamplight casting shifting, winking shadows around her. "Our objective is one: to conquer the world."

My brows jerked into a knot. "To conquer the world you said? That's crazy Sarah."

"I told you he wouldn't understand," Brynn muttered, staring at the floor, feet swinging.

"Hush, Marcus, let me finish," Sarah said calmly, and smiled briefly at me. "Brynn and Dave's parents are quite... influential. I've talked to them personally, and they are more than interested on my project. They said they know other influential people willing to help our cause."

For a reason I didn't understand, the certainty and seriousness of her often joking voice send a shudder down my spine. "What's your cause?"

"Dave, would you care explaining it for us?"

Dave grunted in agreement, his mouth quivered. "S--see it-it's…I can't."

"You can do it," Brynn said, and placed a hand on Dave's back. head still downward, eyes set on the floor.

"We wantto brainwashevery person!" Dave said, the words pouring out her mouth, and drew a deep breath.

"What? That's awful!" I turned to Sarah. "Tell me this isn't true. People should not be brainwashed! They are free to think whatever they choose."

"Sorry, Marcus," she said, and let out a sigh. "It's not like that, David is not the best at explaining things. It was my mistake for pushing him. We simply want to change the way education works. We have been victims of bullying for being different and 'weird', and that is slowly leaving a scar on us. Some grow fearful, other anxious, and some escape to other worlds

"We want to create a different way of education in the schools, one of love and understanding. One where the kids are not afraid of exposing the problems in their homes, so they don't grow hateful."

"I see. It sounds beautiful, Sarah," I said and rubbed my chin. "But how are you going to change the problems in the troublesome kid's houses?"

"That's why we need investors mainly. We want to be able to send a guard or a psychologist to each house, to treat the problems, and if the cause is financial we want to be able to help them until they are established," Sarah continued. "Our way of conquering the world is by creating a better, more kind culture, and we believe the reason our culture is so broken is because those broken kids grew to be shattered adults and the shards are breaking their children, creating a loop."

"That's beautiful," I said, grinning. "And why am I here exactly?"

"Because you are loved by everyone. We want to start testing it in this school. I'm sure you can tell us which kids are having trouble in their homes--are you in?"

"I'm in."     