I had heard tales of what detention was like at this school. That they would throw you into a dungeon, for days on end, without food or water, and that you weren't allowed to leave until you escaped. I had dismissed it all as poppycock, until now.

The moss-covered stone floor of the dungeon was cold and wet, with crusted bloodstains splattered liberally across it. The only light source was a brilliant blue-green bonfire which stood behind me. I grabbed a torch off a sconce on one of the walls, and lit it using the bonfire.

Against the orange flames of the torch, I could now make out a small black dot in the corner of my vision. I turned to face it, but it remained in the corner of my vision. I focused on it to try and figure out any more details about it. As soon as my eyes focused on it, a screen popped up in front of me:

"Name: Oliver Williams

Player: Oliver Williams

Point Total: 250"

Underneath that, it listed more statistics. My IQ, my strength, my dexterity, what languages I knew and how fluently, my understanding of different cultures, my appearance (average), my skills (which curiously included something called "Fate's Trickster"), etc.

Somewhere in the back of my head, I recognized this, but as of now, I couldn't quite put down what. I moved forward through the dungeon with my torch, peeking around each nook and cranny quickly and alertly.

Finally, I came to a room containing a chest. The chest was made out of some kind of mysterious blue metal, with glowing letters carved into it. I approached the chest wearily, touching it lightly with the flames of the torch to see if it was a trap of some kind, perhaps a mimic. The letters glowed orange, and the chest spat a fireball at me. I ducked out of the way just in time. It flew behind me, and hit a torch on a sconce on the wall behind me lighting it and giving me a bit more light.

I very gently touched the chest. It made a "twang" sound which resonated far and wide through the dungeon corridors. I started slowly cracking it open, and it gave no resistance. Inside the chest were a set of clothes, a purse of coins made from the same blue metal, a deck of cards, and a small box full of dice of different kinds.

The clothes consisted of a clean white cotton shirt, seamlessly stiched blue cotton pants, a flowing red silk cape, and a leather shirt with a bandolier attached seamlessly.

I put on the clothes, since they would definitely provide more protection than my black-and-white plaid shirt and blue jeans. I placed the dice box in one of the bandoliers, tied the coinpurse to my belt, and continued onward through the dungeon, fidgeting with the cards.

After about ten minutes wandering the corridors, I turned a corner only to be jumped by a group of goblins. I stood frozen in shock as the goblins approached me grinning and growling, with crude daggers in their hands. All out of options, and seemingly also luck, I threw the deck of cards at one of the goblins. The deck stopped mid-air and spread itself out in front of me, with each card's name being displayed holographically above them.

While the goblins were mesmerized by the light show, I grabbed a card labeled "Rain of Daggers". The rest of the cards gathered back up into a deck and returned to my hand, while Rain of Daggers flew up into the air.  The coinpurse at my waist began to heat up, and I found the coins glowing a very bright blue. I threw one of the coins into the air, and blue colour was drained from it completely almost immediately. I reached out my hand and grabbed it before it hit the floor.

The card began to glow, then spin. Then it began indiscriminately raining down daggers on me and the goblins alike. I ran around trying to not get hit, and had a few of the daggers scrape my leather armour. One of them cut open the sleeve of my shirt, while another almost chopped my ear off.

After about thirty seconds of this, the card stopped spinning and settled down. It slid itself back into the deck while I just stood there attempting to process all that had happened. After a few minutes, I realized there was really no way to process what had just happened, and it would be better for me to just move on while leaving this on the back burner.

After a few more minutes of wandering the corridors, I was greeted by a dagger to my throat and a voice behind me saying, "Who the hell are you, what is this place, and how do I get out of here?" I was petrified by fear, and couldn't move my lips to answer. The voice was female, and seemed to be of someone quite young. "Answer me or I slit your throat!" She moved the dagger just a little closer. Without thinking, I started talking, in a suave voice reminiscent of those old and very misogynistic movies where the hero was always a smooth-talkin' ladies man with impeccable luck who could make women swoon with nothing but a single one-liner, only to be betrayed by them in the end, because women are oh-so fickle and untrustworthy!

"Sweetheart, I know as much about this whole situation as you do, so how about we put down the daggers, and talk?" Her arm tensed up a little, and she said, "Y'know, I didn't think I needed any more reason to kill you than I already had, but you seem to be the gift that just keeps on giving." She removed the dagger from my throat, and before I knew it, she was in front of me without so much as a tap of boots on the stone floor. She reached out her hand and greeted me with a smile. "Allison, MacCready. Pleasure to meet you, and sorry for the death threats. I don't know what came over me, it was like I was someone else." I laughed awkwardly and said, "Yeah, I don't normally talk like Benjamin Siegel either." She gave a giggle. This was the first chance I'd gotten to get a good look at her. She was wearing a full suit of leather armour, coloured a deep navy blue. While before a hood had covered her head and a mask her face, she now wasn't wearing either, giving me a good look at her face. She had hazel eyes, with black hair which had clearly been artificially straightened and which came down to just below her ears.

I shook her hand and said, "Oliver Williams. I feel like I've seen you before." She thought about it for a moment, then went, "Oh yeah, I think we go to the same school! Jackson School and College for specially gifted children, right? I'm in class B, we see each other during morning orientation every day!" Now I remembered. Allison MacCready, one of the more average students of class B, something of a self-proclaimed history buff. "Did you get detention too?" I asked her. "Yeah, I left a cute little, totally harmless, spider in my best friends locker. Since the school has a zero-tolerance policy on bullying, I got sent to detention, even though my friend was pretty okay with it, and found it pretty funny once she'd calmed down." I giggled a bit and said, "I ended up here for helping out a kid on a test." She gave me a dead serious look and went, "So cheating?" I immediately corrected her saying, "It's only cheating if the test is fair. But since he couldn't complete the test, can you really call it that?" She rolled her eyes, making sure I could see her do it.

"Hey, have you noticed that little black dot in the corner of your eye?", I asked. She looked up thoughtfully and said, "Yeah, it's weird. It looks like a GURPS character sheet but for us, and also with a bunch of skills we don't actually have." And that was when it clicked. We'd been unlucky enough to find ourselves in the most open-ended universe possible.

Unfortunately, my intense self-pity session was quite rudely interrupted by a large man in samurai armour running past us, and bringing a giant, bloodthirsty ogre with him. Allison disappeared from sight. From the shadows, I heard her say, "It's showtime!", while I was left directly in the path of the giant ogre which very clearly wanted us all dead. "So that's what Fate's Trickster means."

---

Like what you see? Wanna see more like it, maybe even a continuation to it? Well then, take your fine self^# on down to /r/Laser_Writing, you beautiful creature*.

^# Selves still fine even if not taken on down to /r/Laser_Writing

*Creatures still beautiful even if they don't take their fine selves down to /r/Laser_Writing