"Won't you be my neighbor?"

The studio lights came on and a sense of calm immediately flooded onto the set.

"All right, let's take 15!" shouted the crew manager.

This was it.

"Hey little Billy, want to take a look at a special train set?" I called toward the youth who stood there waiting for his next set of instructions.

The young boy looked in my direction and I gently waved a few times for him to come follow me. I turned toward the exit door and felt an agonizing thunderbolt of pain shoot from my abdomen up to the center of my skull. I knew I didn't have much longer to live, but the show must go on, as they say.

The boy ran over to me and we crossed through the doorway into an unlit workroom attached to the studio. As the door closed, the two us us were plunged into darkness.

"Don't say a word," I gently commanded the child.

I positioned myself with my back toward the far corner of the room, then reached toward a shelf that I knew was fixed to the wall. My hands clumsily fumbled over several objects until they found what they were looking for. I pressed down with my index finger.

*Click*

A moment later, the sound of a young boy filled called out in the darkness: "I don't want to do that."

"Come on now, Billy," I said. "This is all part of the fun."

"What's that, Mr. Rogers?" said a small voice.

"This is the magic train," I said.

Moments later, the sound of a young boy whimpering filled the dark void of the workroom.

"Just one more minute, Billy" I said.

"What's going on?" replied the boy.

I opened the door and ushered the boy back out to the studio. He looked up at me with an innocent and perplexed look on his face.

"All right everyone, get back to your positions!" shouted the crew chief.

If all went according to plan, the night vision camera should have been recording dutifully from behind me, with my body shielding any activity -- or lack of activity -- from its view. The pre-recorded sounds, innocuous when uttered during previous tapings, provided a horrifying soundtrack to the inexplicable acts taking place in the darkness.

In a few hours, I would be home, and a video would be leaked to the press that would destroy the hearts and childhoods of generations. Not longer after, I would be dead, my lifeless corpse unceremoniously dealt with, disgraced but never forgotten.