Forward: I didn't quite follow the formula. Might do a little editing, cutting, adding upon rereading. Anyway:

I was going through the morning routine at the water cooler one Tuesday. The Monday night game ran long, and so did my pile of empties. My eyes felt sticky, and my mouth was dry. Not the only one, the Dixie dispenser was empty.

Mike was refilling his coffee. I tapped him on the shoulder. He looked back, “Hmm?”

“Hey Mike, hand me a cup? No more over here.” 

He plucked a cup from the counter, “Here ya go.”

The water gurgled as I pulled the little blue handle. I poured the cup back and felt the tickle through my throat. Mike took his time with the little red plastic stick. Three sugars. One at a time. Every time.

Brad came by to repeat the process. A firm tap on the shoulder, “Yo, Mike.” Mike was already leaning over to get another cup. Quick learner, that Mike. He handed it back without looking. 

I stood there for a moment, suddenly feeling like I’d forgotten something. Couldn’t quite put my finger on it. I looked at my water. 

I had eight different memos when I returned to my desk about a report that I’d missed. I sighed to myself. Only Tuesday. I scanned through my inbox but couldn't find it.

I leaned back into the cubicle on my right. Rachel was cute, in some way. In an innocent way. Like a kitten. I tapped her on the shoulder, she looked over to me. “Hello, Tom.”

“Did you get this memo yesterday?”

“What memo?”

“This memo,” holding up the little yellow sheet. 

Her eyes were flat, “Tom. That memo went out last week.”

“Hey, Rachel!” Jim leaned in from her other side. “Am I invited to this party?” He gave her a poke on her shoulder. 

Her eyes went numb. Jim came on a little strong. He was a little much for anybody. “What is it, Jim?” She held my gaze, perhaps hoping he’d go away.

“You got a pen?” 

“Go to the supply closet,” she sighed. Her brow slowly furrowed, “You okay, Tom?”

My mouth was agape. I suddenly had a headache. There was some strange tingling in the back of my neck. Something was out of place. I blinked. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine. Thanks.”

It was a long morning.

Jim met me in the elevator at lunch. “What up, Tom.” Not a glance in my direction. He started down at his phone.

My hand moved of it’s own volition. The world had been turned upside down and I was now the only one who could set it right. My fingers closed into a fist. My eyes were closed, and I felt an energy gathering, moving through my veins like fire. Some alien planet had wormed it’s way through a hole in time in space, and was now turning in my palm. I reached out my index finger, like I was drawing a sword. The planet had become a galaxy swirling at it’s tip. I felt the light around me disappear, unable to escape my gravity. The elevator door closed shut.

I reached out and placed that singularity on his shoulder, centered perfectly between his collar and his sleeve. 

I stood with my eyes closed, my head held high, and breathed deeply. The air was clean.

“You need something, Tom?” he looked at me incredulously.

“I’m good, Jim. I’m good.”