Trapped 

I run down the path to reach the starting point for the next quest and I get this notification, "LOW POWER" all in large red caps flashing across my vision. Low power? That can’t be possible as I am pretty sure I paid my electric bill this month and I don’t have a battery operated pod. Hmmm…what could be going on? I open the menu and hit “Quick Save.” I’ve made too much progress this past hour to not save. I scroll down to the bottom of the menu to “Exit Game”  I notice something odd, it’s greyed out. I press the button anyway, the “LOW POWER” notice is increasing its intensity. “What the?” I slam my hand down on the button. “Why,” slam! “Can’t,” slam! “I,” slam! “EXIT?!” Slam! Slam! Slam! After the final slam, the virtual scroll that holds all menu options shatters. I search my avatars pockets for it frantically, hoping that it will reappear, as the “LOW POWER” notification fades out of my peripheral. 

This is crazy. What kind of glitch destroys the menu? I didn’t read any of those in the reviews of this pod. My parents will kill me if I miss their big dinner. I open a browser window, good this function still works. I enter into the search bar “what to do if menu shatters,” I pause, do I need to be more specific? I shrug and press enter. “No results found.” Great, so maybe this is a new glitch. That can't be, this has to have happened to someone else before. I type “I can’t exit the game how do I override and exit my pod” I feel totally drained having spent the last hour or so searching several variations of the same phrase trying to figure out how to figure it out how to get out of my dang pod. All searches ending with the same results. 

I sigh and sit on the ground. I open a new message and scroll my contacts looking for someone who is in the game. Aha! Micah is on he’ll know what to do. “Hey, Micah! My game is glitching out can you go check the power for my pod? There was a notification about low power,” I guess this is why they say not to enter the pod while home alone.

 “User has signed off” Umm I feel like Micah would have at least sent a “Gotcha omw” wouldn’t he? I open my messages to message someone else. Huh? What happened to the rest of my online friends? I switch over to my contacts list to at least send some offline messages. Micah is the only one in my contacts. “Please, Micah, I’m stuck at least send someone to check on me.” I hit send. What is going on? I lay back and close my eyes feeling really bizarre as I realize I can feel the grass on my body, the slight breeze that moves between the blades of grass and the warmth from the sun. What kind of glitch is this? Usually, you can only see and hear everything that is how this pod works. I drift off into an uneasy sleep, hoping Micah has gone to my apartment. 

A notification sound coming from the communicator wakes me. I open it and see a message from Micah “Who are you and why are you using my friend’s avatar and username?” 

I move my thumbs fast “What are you talking about Micah? It’s me, Leila. My menu broke a while ago and I can’t exit the game!” 

“Leila died a week ago. Now, tell me who you are.” Wait, what? 

“Don’t be ridiculous I can’t be dead I’m right here.” I send him my avatar's location and Micah’s avatar pops up in front of mine, sword drawn. “Ummm, Micah?” I speak aloud now. “What’s with the sword?” 

“What the--? Did you steal her voice too? What kind of scam are you running?”  

“Micah, what kind of scam are you running? Telling people that they’re dead when they clearly are not. I saw you in class just this morning!” At least I think it was this morning. The only clock that this game has is on the menu…that broke.

“That was last week. Last week when I saw her in class.Last week was when they-when they-” this is unlike Micah. “Look, I don’t care if you go around stealing peoples' avatars and tricking people; but, allow the dead to rest.” I can hear the tears in his voice. Then he is gone. 

“Micah!” I run towards the now empty field. What is going on? I couldn’t really be dead…could I? 
