“Shit” Death let out, deflating into his chair.

“What?” I ask confused.

“Well, no-one’s ever won before” they say, hollow eyes seeming more hollow by the second.

“I find that hard to believe, surely one of those arch-mentors has won a game before” I ask, a little puzzled.

“Grandmasters” Death says, the condescension only just registering over the exasperation, “You're trying to tell me you beat me at a game I've played since time began and you don't know what a grandmaster is?”

“Well, I did try and tell you that I wasn't very good at it, and I'll be honest here, that thing you did with the rook and the king was very confusing, I half thought you were cheating”

Death slumps further into it’s chair, staring vacantly at the board muttering to itself as it descends slower, getting closer and closer to the floor.

Jumping out of my chair I manage to grab Death before it hits the floor, “Whoa there, easy does it, surely this isn't the first time” I ask, depositing them back into the chair.

With a sigh Death answers, “Nope, you're the first, must be some kind of prodigy or something right? Some kind of chess genius?”

“ 'fraid not” I answer shakily, rubbing the back of my neck, “sorta only my third or fourth time playing as well, had to wing it for a few of the moves near the end as well”

Death stares at me, hollow eyes drilling into me for the most uncomfortable minute before shaking it’s head, standing up and proceeding to pace back and forth while mumbling angrily to itself about rules, precedents and cosmic order before slumping back down. After a few minutes of silence before a spark almost seems to appear in the depths of it's eyes.

“You know I think this may actually be rather good for me actually” Death mutters, slowly beginning to perk up, “I think I'll be able to go on a holiday for a bit now, never managed to have one of those before”

“That sounds nice” I respond before a sinking feeling begins to set in “so what's going to happen to me then?”

Death looks at me hollow eyes almost seeming to twinkle, “Well, you beat me so I only think it's fair that you get to take over”

“Wait! I don't even know how to play though!” I manage to get out, as Death gets me up grabbing me around the shoulders.

“Don't you see how great this is for you?” They ask, walking me around the table, “You get to live forever playing this game, meeting all the celebrities, taunting your enemies, trying to answer all those weird questions you lot have” he says maneuvering me to his side of the table, pulling the chair out for me “Now here's your scythe, remember to greet people with a smile and try not to lose, because then, well I don't know, you'll have to figure that  out for yourself.”

“Wait, hang on a sec, you can't do this” I sputter out, as Death drops me into the chair. I turn to grab them, but they're already dashing off into the distance, almost comical in appearance, the skeletal figure running full speed ahead over a glaring white abyss. I rise to give chase when I hear a whimper.

“Oh god, where am I? Am I dead? Is this heaven? Hell?” someone utters in shock. I turn to see someone sat where I was only half an hour ago.

 “Who are you?” They exclaim before their eyes are drawn to the scythe, their eyes widening and their mouth slamming shut in fear.

“Cheeky bastard” I exclaim before sitting down almost smirking at the audacity of it all.

“Oh sorry, not you” I remark to the poor soul before me, “The last person I played with left me feeling a bit miffed, but anyway, care for a game?” I ask with a faint smile as I set the pieces up, resigning myself to the role of death for the near future, after all, I guess someone has to do it.

