We stood there with our mouths and eyes wide open. Al continued to stand there with the book in his hand, his clothes still smoking and eyebrows missing. "I said, it's due back in 3 weeks." He shoved the heavy tome into my hands and began limping back to his desk. 

Howard was the first to speak. "Don't open it," he said. "Just give it back to Mr. Azif and we pretend this never happened." Howard began trembling just looking at the cracked leather binding. 

Frank began laughing. "Please, it's just some stupid prank that Mr. Azif is trying to pull on us. I'm actually amazed that he went to the trouble of even shaving his eyebrows off to make it look real!" Frank took the book into his hands and began examining the cover. "He really went all out on this thing. It feels like someone filled it up with rocks!" 

I glanced over at Mr. Azif while Howard and Frank continued to argue over the book. Mr. Azif had taken off his shirt and was bandaging a huge laceration across his chest. Based on all the scars, it certainly wasn't the first time. 

"I think we need to talk to Mr. Azif about this book," I said rather loudly. "I don't think this is the first time someone's requested this book. Look." We watched as Mr. Azif began chanting softly as he pulled out a sheet of paper. Using the blood still oozing from his chest, he began writing. 

We slowly approached Mr. Azif, watching as he continued to dip his finger into his chest as he filled the page. "Uh... Mr. Azif?" I squeaked. "We have a question."

Mr. Azif did not stop chanting but turned his head. He nodded in encouragement. 

"I... didn't really want this book. There was a rumor that you could find any book, even the Necronomicon and that you had loaned it out before." I said, my voice cracking over the soft whispers of Mr. Azif. "I'm really sorry if you went to a lot of trouble for this book, but I would like to return it right now." I slowly placed the book on his desk and waited. 

Mr. Azif paused and stared into my eyes. "William. The rumors were true. I am a librarian that can find you any book that you may request. It is also true that you are not the first to request this cursed book." He took the paper, still wet with fresh blood, and placed it gingerly into my hands. "However, the 3 weeks that I gave you was not for the book." My eyes began scanning the letter Mr. Azif had given me. "You must return here in 3 weeks to face the Old Ones. That letter and that cursed book are the only things that can save you now. May your god save you."

***

edit - I must admit, I am surprised how much this blew up overnight! As I always say, the best story can be found in the comments since there will always be a better edit made with fresh eyes. 

The requests for more... this is a first. We'll wait and see! I suppose this is when I start my own subreddit to keep up with these requests? 

edit - [The end,](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/51v4oc/wp_your_middle_school_librarian_has_never_failed/d7grfm7) as requested!