They say that every super—hero or villain—has a special power.  Mine wasn’t flashy or in-your-face.  Thinking back to my formative years, I can remember just one superlative constant: being a super listener.

While other so-called villains might seek to impress with boast, bombs or bombast, I was content to listen to those around me.  Life can apparently boil itself down to a high-stakes poker game, and those who can will themselves to just *listen* hold the trump card and know when to play it.  Listening leads to knowing, leads to understanding, leads to the ability to speak as the authority in the room, and when you know what animates others, that is all-too-often enough.

The money-men were easy to win over; by and large, all they required was more money and a reasonable-enough sounding plan to get more.  With more of them on my side, even governments were readily persuaded to climb on board.  I had plans, you see — great plans, plans that would eliminate petty wars, eliminate poverty, perhaps even eliminate want.  And then to do it at a cost so low they could barely even believe it.

The “sell” to the people, similarly, went smoothly, with rarely a need to even liquidate a representative sample.  (There was that unfortunate incident down in Texas, but if you look today, you’ll find that that particular little town never even existed according to our historical records.)  All that remained as a legitimate challenge were those annoying individual holdouts with their fancy names, overly-colorful outfits and assorted freakish “powers.”  How was I to stand against them?

Again, I defer to my own power — and as my network of associates grew, so too did my ability to hone-in on what weakness each “hero” possessed.  Heroes accuse villains of monologuing so often as to become a trope, but the fact of the matter is that heroes do it too, and sometimes the “tell” rises to the surface — a turn of a phrase, a moment of uncertainty, a choice of a word.  Pinpointing weakness and turning it around, turning the heroes inward, or even against each other, was exhilaratingly enjoyable.  Often I couldn’t help but laugh at the incredible, yet hard-won results of my carefully executed plans.

Today my reign is unchallenged, and the global population is complacent, if perhaps a bit smaller than before.  My masterwork technological constructs, both micro and macro, have revolutionized entire industries and unlocked prosperity and comfort for my citizens never before seen.  Massive infrastructure projects are ensuring that people and goods will be able to freely flow like never before, albeit within the allowable ranges of my own regulations, of course.

And now, I complete one of my greatest technological advances: *myself*.  I have transferred my consciousness into a timeless, flawless new human-android body, perfectly chiseled to provide for all time what a historian might have called “a face to put on the currency,” if physical currency were even still a thing.  It’s one more gift to my citizens, who wish to gaze upon their ruler’s perfect visage...I do know what they want, after all.

My moment of reflection is interrupted by an electronic buzz, as a red light illuminates on the control panel in front of me.  I recognize it as an incoming transmission from Jeeves, one of my oldest lieutenants and most-trusted assistants.  I press a button adjacent to the light, acknowledging his signal and opening the channel for him to speak:

“Alexa, what would *you* like to do today?”