A soft sob sounded from the bed. 

Bernie’s long scaled ears perked up. It was 1AM and the house was usually silent. He could tell that somebody small was laying in the bed above him, but this person wasn’t Elliot. The small boy would only make the underbed sag just a little, but this person was way heavier than the 5 year old boy he was accustomed to scaring. 

The sob sounded again. 

Dread filled his bones. Bernie slid to the edge of the bed and locked eyes with the monster in the closet. Her black coal eyes shone with concern, as she shook her head. Mildred was a shadow type monster, only real to humans when they weren’t looking at her. 

Bernie knew this look. This was a look he had not seen in a very very long time. 

Bernie and Mildred had lived at the Thornton manor for generations, living in the rooms of the many children. Those were the great years. Those were the years that people had large families, and Mildred and Bernie would howl with laughter for centuries as they tricked the young ones to jump up on the bed for fear of what might be under it, or look twice when they saw Mildred out of the corner of their eye. 

But the Thornton family soon fell on hard times. Scarlet fever. Bernie and Mildred had to watch in silence as one by one the children fell ill. And one by one the beds became unoccupied. 

Fifty years ago the old manor when vacant all together. Mildred and Bernie huddled together on the stairwell to listen as Mrs. Marnie Thornton, the now childless matriarch and widow, talked to the lawyers about selling the house. 

She had cried on each child’s bed the weeks after they had passed, until there were no more children to cry over. Mrs. Marnie became vacant then. She sat everyday in her favourite velvet rocking chair, just staring out the window, only ever muting a thank you to the maid who brought her meals twice a day.  

Over the years the manor’s once fine paint started to peel. The wall’s plaster ceilings cracked, and the rooms started to smell like mold.

The two were left alone in the house without any purpose, watching their home crumble around them, until one day a small woman with a tiny, wiggling bundle in her arms walked through the door.  The bundle was Eliot. 

They were overjoyed when the single mother repainted the walls, repaired the ceiling and finally... finally, brought them a purpose again. She made the house a home once again. Mildred and Bernie might be monsters, but nobody liked to live in squalor. 
Bernie noticed that Mildred had become quite attached to the little tike as well. They were both old and the little boy was the one of the happiest babies they had ever seen. 

He had a mop of dark curly hair that waggled to and fro as he poddled about the house, and two deep dimples that showed up in the middle of his pudgy cheeks when he broke a smile. His favourite toy was a green goblin figure that Bernie thought, quite proudly, looked a fair bit like himself. So he thought the boy was alright too. 

So when the night came that he once again heard the cries of a heartbroken mother, his heart fell. He didn’t want to loose the small family that had brought so much joy to his life. Not after so many years alone. 

The sobbing slowly came to an end when Bernie heard the woman’s breathing even out and he knew she had cried herself to sleep. He reached one claw out from the bed to pull the rest of his long limbs out. Mildred too stepped out from her place in the closet.

“What do you think happened to he boy?” Bernie whispered, nodding towards the sleeping woman who was clutching the boys stuffed toy rabbit. 

“I haven’t the faintest clue.” Mildred said walking over to the bed. Her smokey black legs left little whips of shadows on the hardwood floor. “Oh the poor woman. The woman has seen much sorrow in her life. Eliot was her light.” 

Bernie nodded. Being monsters that nobody knows are there, you get to eavesdrop on quite a few conversations. And though the woman never really talked about her past, they knew that she had come to this part of the country to escape something, or someone from her life before. 

The shadow monster reached to pull the folded quilt at the end of the bed over the slumbering woman. The woman turned on her side, murmuring what sounded like Eliot’s name. And a small crumpled piece of paper fell out of her hand and rolled onto the floor. She pulled the blanket closer around her shoulders. 

Mildred eyed the paper with a curious glance. “What’s that?” 

Bernie swiped it up with a single long claw. Careful not to puncture the delegate page, he unraveled the scrunched note. Mildred floated above his shoulder, reading out loud the message made from magazine cutouts. 

“I know what you are. Bring the goods to the Back Dock Bay or you will never see the boy again.” A hot rage filled him. How dare these people threaten his boy. How dare they meddle with his happiness. 

Bernie could feel a deep chill radiating from the shadow monster behind him. “Those bastards.” Bernie blinked. He had never heard the older monster swore before. She had turned the blackest of black. Whips of shadow thrashed out from her body. But he understood her anger, as it too flowed through him. 

“We have to get him back.” Bernie couldn’t believe the words that had come out of his own mouth. They had never left the house before. Even when the house had been left empty and they weren’t sure if anybody was going to ever come back, the two had been terrified to leave. They had not been outside the house since they had arrived as young stowaways in the furniture. 

The outside was a scary place. Back then there were bigger and badder monsters that were way more mean and even some that were bloodthirsty for anything they could get their hands on, monster or human. And a house monster was supposed to stay in a house. That was just the way of things.

But they couldn’t just sit there this time. Bernie locked eyes with Mildred and she slowly nodded her head in agreement, silently understanding one another. They had already survived the loss of their children once before. That time they had been helpless to do anything but listen to the sobs of their mother,  but this time.. this time they could do something to save their child. 

They could save Elliot. They had to. 


