“100% of people who drink water will die” sounds like a dumb statistic, but I am 900 years old and very thirsty.

Allow me to start over My name is Castiel, Castiel Harris and I’m 900 years old. In my many years, I have never drank water and I still perform like an olympic athlete. As far as science can tell the only reason I am this old is because I don't drink water. I have never been sick once in my life, never broken a bone, And any wounds I do receive heal almost immediately. You would think I look like a shriveled up raison or wrinkled but I look like every other person, after the age of 25 my body stopped aging.

Scientist are completely baffled as to why i've lived so long. Most people cannot bear not drinking water and it's understandable it caused me a considerable amount of pain for many years before I learned to ignore pain. Many question why I was never given water as a child and the truth is I was abandoned in the wood left for dead as an infant. The first thing I remember is the pack of wolves that raised me. The didn't know what I needed or wanted. I grew up eating raw meat.

There have been many attempts on my life, some trained assassins some drunk idiots with a gun, but no matter how many come they all fail. I've learned to protect myself, I've trained with the best assassins in the world and I'm among their ranks. 

Soon the best will die of old age and I will be the number one assassin in the world. I've had to learn not to get attached to people because they will eventually die and leave me heartbroken and colder than before.
The UN gives me missions and targets to assassinate pretty regularly. Sometimes, somebody I've never heard of sometimes its leaders of nations. It doesn't matter to me, I've completely disconnected with any emotions at this point. The only thing that makes me feel is the moment when I finish a job. After a job I fly my jet back to my home in iceland and relax for a while before I'll take another job.

Ive become a master of hand to hand combat, knife fighting, gun fighting, stealth, and mixed martial arts. Nobody can even touch me anymore which is why I'm number one. But lately I've become tired. Tonight before bed I made a decision. Before I layed down, I drank a glass of water. It felt so good to drink it. I don't expect to wake and I leave this as my final memoir.