I had seen it. Many moons ago. I saw the mushroom clouds before there was even a member of was among the humans, for I see all things, and pay special interest to those events related to my duty.

But this time was different, this time I foresaw the final end to the human race. The initial blasts killed of 90% of the population immediately. 90% of the survivors were killed by radiation, nuclear winter, or suicide a short while later.

I saw that in a short 50 years, the small tribes that remained would be killed off, either by natural causes, or by the beasts that came from the irradiated zones.

At first I was pleased, finally, my job would be complete, but then I reflected in the words I heard when I first came into being. "Today marks the first human birth, on the day of the last human death, you will cease to be."

I began to feel something new. I was afraid, my whole existence revolved around the mortality of humans, but I had never contemplated my own mortality before. I began to panic, terrified at the concept of non-existence. Finally, I came to a decision. I knew that I couldn't interact the the humans directly, but I was able to influence them and the physical world to some extent. I determined the locations of the last remnants of humanity and set to work.

I fought with every fragment of my being to help humanity escape their demise. At first, I only guided them to ensure their survival, sometimes I would whisper into their hearts to warn them of impending danger, giving them time to escape natural disasters, and the wasteland beasts. Other times, I carefully influenced their scavengers, leading them to undamaged caches of food, tools, and weapons. In time, I was able to bring the remaining tribes to stable population counts, but it wasn't enough. When I focused on their future, I saw I had only delayed their end for a short time. 

I changed tactics, I arranged for two of the largest tribes to encounter each other, and made their minds more open to open, peaceful discussion. Within weeks, the tribes were in agreement, and they joined together to pool their resources. Humanity began to rebuild, the tribe became a kingdom, gradually expanding, peacefully small scattered groups all the while. I carefully monitored the people of the kingdom, gently guiding them away from harmful actions. When supplies were scarce, I ensured that cooler heads prevailed, and prevented unnecessary bloodshed.

Finally, I saw humanity had a chance at real recovery, I began to step back into the shadows, but stopped when I noticed something curious. There was a large gathering of people in the middle of the kingdom. I approached to investigate the disturbance. I heard murmurs of a celebration of a benevolent force, a being that had pulled humanity from the brink of total destruction. The called it "Life". It took only a short time to realize that they were referring to me. 

I felt suddenly sickened by my actions over the preceding decades. It was true, I had abandoned my duty for fear of my own demise! I had become the antithesis of my very purpose!

For a while, I contemplated, should I return to my duty? Allow humanity and myself to cease existing? Staring down at the beings that I had fought so hard to save, I realized that I couldn't bring myself to do it. Instead, I pushed forward. Humanity would no longer just survive, I would make sure they flourished once more.

It took time, but I gradually began to influence the greatest minds of the new age. I pushed humanity first to the age of reinvention. Humanity rediscovered their lost secrets at a staggering pace. Medicine, transportation, communication, all brought back to nearly pre-war levels. But it wasn't enough, I saw a light at the end of the tunnel, a truly bright future for humanity. So I continued my work, I taught them secrets that pre-war humans never learned, thrusting humanity into the future! Finally, I saw my goal realized. I watched to first clinical trials of IMM-42, the immortality drug. 

I turned my gaze to the future and saw... Nothing. I felt a chill run through me, and first words I heard, the words that were etched into my very being echoed in my ears. "On the day of the last human death, you will cease to be." Not, when humanity dies, but when the last human dies. If allowed the humans immortality, it would mean the end of my own. 

I admit, for a brief, desperate moment, I considered sabotaging the trial. I knew that if this one failed, they would waste time and resources trying other paths. But, as I thought about this, I realized that I couldn't take this away from them. I had stopped fighting for my own existence long ago, and had grown rather fond of the people of this new world. So, I stepped back, and watched humanity make its greatest discovery.

It wasn't long before the new drug began dispersing throughout the populace. There were holdouts of course, but most were more than happy to accept the offer. Gradually, I watched the holdouts die off, as more and more of the population were inoculated from death. Finally, I stood by the deathbed of the last holdout. He had lived a long life, by pre-IMM-42 standards, and he was surrounded by family and friends who were all begging him to accept the injection. He vehemently refused, "everyone has their time, and now is mine." he croaked. Finally, tearfully, he left this world. I dutifully guided his soul to oblivion, just as I had billions of times before.

I felt a tug at my own spirit, and I knew that my time had come. I stood above a sprawling field and pondered for a while as I began to fade away. In my absence, humanity would thrive, I was certain of it. They would build beautiful cities and monuments, they would travel the stars and colonize distant planets, they would certainly encounter some of the other inhabitants of their vast universe. Theirs would be an empire that would never end... and I wouldn't be there for any of it. I felt a single teardrop fall at that thought. Still, I had done all I could for them, I knew they didn't need me anymore, and I would only hold them back if I tried to stay. With that thought, I released my hold on existence, and let death die. An errant thought gave me pause, "If all beings have an aspect of death to guide them to oblivion, who guides the aspects of death?" Then, I was no more.