I clutched the otherworldly tool in my hands, it was much lighter than expected. It felt cold, but not uncomfortably so. It made me feel whole, complete, like all along this was the part of myself that was missing.

"So this is my new 'life', reaping souls?" I asked the Reaper who was watching me.

"Yes". He seemed to be completely at peace, but incredibly tired all the same. His eyes were gentle, but had traces of something terrible hidden deep within.

"And what happens to you now?"

"I will watch you for a time, to make sure I've chosen the proper successor, and to help you should the need arise". The Reaper smiled at his words, it felt almost ominous. I knew he wasn't telling me everything.

"Well it's not like I'll really need the scythe, how hard could it be to bring an unruly soul across the river? I mean they're already dead." I asked the Reaper.

The Reaper Laughed an unexpectedly jovial laugh, it was almost childlike, and probably would've been infectious, if I weren't so unnerved by the thought of the Reaper laughing at me.

The Reaper regained his composure in an instant, almost as if he had just hit the pause button on his own laugh. "I think you'll find many souls are not so easy to just bring to the other side. I seem to recall you giving me a bit of trouble, or did your mortal injuries wipe that memory?"

I quickly tried to defend myself "Hey! it wasn't my time to go! You even said that, it was all just a big misunderstanding."

"Well next time maybe you'll think before accidentally impaling yourself on a knife." The Reaper Smirked.

"Don't make me sound so lame, I was trying to protect that old couple from that mugger" I tried to explain without showing too much embarrassment in my voice. "besides, I shouldn't have died back then anyway. If you were doing your job like you were supposed to, I wouldn't have to explain to people how I somehow woke up after having been dead for two days from a knife to my brain."

The Reaper merely shrugged at my unfortunate existence. "That's why I need you to take up the Scythe, there's too many of you and not enough of us."

"Us?"

"Never mind that, there's your first Soul" The Reaper pointed to a portal showing the other side of the river styx. The image within was of the corpse of a woman, her husband still beating her dead body, while her spirit became more and more twisted with rage and spite for her killer, turning her into a monster made up of pure hatred.

"Damn" I said to the Reaper. "This job isn't going to be easy."