This is short story number 4 in a series I am currently writing called Swarmers. The first 3 are in a post in r/FortyTwoDogs.

John Freple:

John sits in a chair that was not designed for his body. If he sits too far back into the chair, the chair topples backward sending John sprawling across the floor. 

One of the aliens walks through the hallway. John freezes, once again paralyzed in fear. What were these things?

The alien turns to take a look at John and walks over.

"You're awake." It was a plain fact, no emotion detected in the voice.

John manages to say a few words, trembling while he does so. "Yes. What are you?

"We are aliens to you. Nearly 50 years ago, on of our space drones found Earth. And it found out about the Miss Universe!"

"The what? Huh?"

"The Miss Universe competition. We left our planet as soon as we could, but even at light speed it still took us a while to get here."

"But... That..."

"And we want to know why why weren't invited before" the alien continued on, as if John never spoke. "We're in this Universe. Do you not like us?Is that it?"

"No? We didn't know you existed?"

The alien stopped in its tracks. "Didn't know? But we're some of the greatest builders in the universe. Our technology is greater than anything else!"

"But... The Miss Universe. It ended."

"What do you mean?" the alien asked, suspicion tracing its voice. 

"When the Swarmers took over, they used their power to kill mostly everyone. Everything shut down."

"What do you mean? Who are these Swarmers?" the alien asked, now confused.

"The people who can control the masses of nanobots. They have incredible power. They can direct the nanobots to kill anyone if they want."

"If these Swarmers were killed, would the Miss Universe start up again?"

"Maybe? I guess so?" John replied.

"Where are the Swarmers?"

"They just roam around outside, inside, wherever they please."

"Take me to them."

"I'm not sure that's a good idea" John explained. "Their nanobots could possibly destroy you."

"Nanobots are pathetic." The alien waved its hand part and wind blew at John, blowing his clothes back.

"You can control wind? That's incredible."

"Indeed. Show me the Swarmers." 

An idea sparked in John's mind. "What if we help eachother? I'll show you where the Swarmers are and you help protect me and get me down near Fresno."

"Then Miss Universe will begin again?" the alien asked. 

"I think it might" John replied.

"Then we have a deal."

___

Thank you for reading! If you enjoyed feel free to check out r/FortyTwoDogs, my very own subreddit dedicated to ideas and writing here at r/WritingPrompts. You'll also find the first three stories in this series in my subreddit under "The Swarmers" post.