"How do you feel today?" 


Rick's voice was shaky, curious. His eyes searched my face as I started to wake up. How did I feel? I wasn't quite sure yet, it usually took a minute for my emotions to kick in at the start of the day. I usually would feel nothing until I looked outside or at Rick's face. 


I would then be hit with overwhelming guilt, sadness, regret. How could Rick live with me? How could he devote his life to me when all I feel is emptiness? But today. Today was different. 


I looked Rick in the eye. His eyes were so beautiful, big and brown and always curious. I traced each freckle down to his mouth. He had a confused smile on his face. His teeth were so white, so straight. I remember pictures of him when he had braces. Rick started laughing and it was only then that I realized I had a smile on my face, I was laughing too. 

How did I feel today? I felt happy. I felt love. I finally saw the world as it should be. Rick was glowing in the sunlight that was being reflected off the snow outside. I wanted nothing more than to kiss him, I wanted to spend the rest of my days with him and I wanted to feel this way forever.


Is this what people normally feel? This was ecstasy, my mind was open to only positivity. I heard the birds sing and I wanted to join them, I could feel the love between every living thing around me. I was radiating happiness. 


"I feel.... " I couldn't even get the words to come out of my mouth, I choked on my words and the lump in my throat lead way to tears streaming down my cheeks. I had cried a lot in my days but this time was different. Each sniffle and each blink brought me joy. It was like I was getting high off my own tears. I was crying out of pure joy for the first time in my life. 


Rick didn't say anything, he just grabbed me and cried with me. We stayed silent for what felt like the whole day and just held each other. We sometimes exchanged smiles and laughs as I traced his tattoos on his chest and arm. 


This morning was pure bliss and I never want it to end. I feel overjoyed but at the same time I am afraid. I'm afraid the feeling will wear off as soon as I close my eyes to go to sleep tonight. I'm nervous to go to bed tonight because I want to wake up happy always. I want to see the glow in everything every morning. 


I suppose I'll just soak it in for today. I have my whole life ahead of me to experience this again. 

