"I am Peskal. Resident wizard of this beautiful, if dank, dungeon; and I welcome you to... your death!"

The ethereal voice wafted through the air like a cold, winter wind. Bourus stood alert, ready to fend of attack, but saw no apparent threat. In fact the room was mostly empty, but for numerous cobwebs and a sort of altar upon which sat a decrepit humanoid skull.

"Show yourself! I will meet my fate in person, or your threats amount to nothing!" He called, full of false bravado.

"Who are you kidding Bourus? You'd as soon flee the way we came were it not blocked by a ton of rubble," sneered Carra, as she picked at her nails with a slender dagger. Bourus grunted at this.

"Oh, travelers, I am closer than you think..." Suddenly, a blood red flame erupted from within the skull's eye sockets; a sickly and unholy red.

Bourus, shrieking just a little, raised his sword above his head to rush and smash the old bones, but as his sword came down it was blocked by a glowing blue blade, held by a glowing blue skeleton. The clatter of steel was deafening in the small stone room.

The skeleton growled and forced Bourus back, leaving an opening for Carra to fling several silver daggers into its ribcage. Unfortunately, this attack had little to no effect. The daggers stuck between the thing's ribs, but did not slow its advance. 

Peskal chuckled hollowly, "Oh come now, travelers, I was hoping for a better showing than that! If you can defeat my guardian I will lead you to riches beyond your imagining!"

Bourus' ears perked at the thought of unimaginable riches, as he knew well enough what riches could bring. A future without adventuring, or danger, or glowing skeletons looked pretty good right about then. He parried another swing from the skeleton, and attempted to decapitate it. The creature wasn't able to fully block, but his sword glanced off at an odd angle. As he stumbled forward, the skeleton attempted to relieve him of his leg, but was stopped short by a dagger violently erupting from the back of its head. It staggered back a moment, but resumed its attack.

"Carra, we need a better plan here!" Bourus called out.

"I'm working on it, I'm working on it! I haven't seen this kind of magic before!" She replied tersely. She had pulled a book from her satchel and was franticly flipping through the pages.

"Child, you would be hard pressed to find any  mention of this particular magic, especially in THAT book," Peskal purred. "I should know, I wrote it."

Carras face took on a sudden look of recognition.

"Wait. WAIT! You're THE Peskal?"

"Are there any others?"

"Well, yes! My family has a long line of Peskals. My father was a Peskal, as was his, and so forth."

"A little help please?!" Called Bourus, deflecting another blow from the skeleton, but becoming visibly fatigued from the relentless onslaught.

Carras ignored him.

"My family has been full of magic users, as far back as anyone can remember. My parents told me that the name was passed down to all of the firstborn men in honor of some far removed relative, from hundreds of generations ago. I've never heard it anywhere else though," she replied.

The skeleton's attacks continued, driving Bourus back and into an old bookcase.

Peskal's flame flared for a moment. "Yes, I do sense something... familiar... about you, child".

Suddenly, as the skeleton began to bring its sword down for a killing blow, it vanished in a cloud of sparks. Bourus, confused, lowered his guard and glanced around the room.

"Travelers, your arrival is most fortuitous. I have quite a story to tell... Stay a while, and listen."