Life in Mirathas was simple, as life in a farming community tends to be. Hard work, long hours and months spent in the sun dominated the life of the farmers who worked the rich black soil, with both men and women alike toiling in the soil to grow enough crops to feed a family and to tithe to the landlord and church. The soil here is good, the rains steady and the weather good. Crops grow, and despite being near the fringes of the Kingdom of Alsaras, the lords of the land usually keep the farmers safe from raids and bandits. Life here is good, or at least as good as a farmer can hope for.

It wasn't always like this though. Merely eight years ago, in the blazing heat of summer, ill tempered men emerged from the forest, robbing and waylaying those who took the road out of town to sell their goods. The highway men grew bolder and more brazen until, after just a year of robbing travelers, the bandits turned their attention to the town. They rode in under cover of darkness, and murdered the mayor of the town in the cold blood, before burning his house down to send a message. Having no other option, the farmers dug into their meager reserves to pay the bandits to leave. They then went to their landlord, but she turned a blind eye to the raids and bandits. No one in the village knew for sure why, but many suspected she'd grown tired of her humble servants salary and wanted to advanced beyond her station through nefarious means.

Life became dominated by fear and worry. The bandits took their money but refused to leave the village, with bandits always watching the farms and the town of Mirathas. Sometimes they would ride into town and murder a farmer who they thought disrespected them, or steal a young woman into the night for nefarious purposes. But with no recourse and no money, the farmers could do little but pray for salvation. 

But the gods heard the cries of the farmers. And they sent someone to dry their tears. Under the blazing summer sun, a man walked down the road, the heads of a handful of highway men in his fist and a bloody greatsword slung over his back. His armor gleamed golden in the sun and his handsome features stood in stark contrast to the violence he inflicted in his wake. The bandit sentries tried to run to the safety of the woods, but the man called down lightning and burned the sentries to cinders. With a cold, dispassionate anger, he forced the surviving sentry to talk, before disappearing into the woods as suddenly as he emerged. The farmers spoke in hushed whispers, worried, afraid and awestruck in equal measures. Two days later, the paladin emerged from the woods a second time, a bushel of heads in a basket. He was winded and bloodied, with several arrows lodged in his armor and blood streaking his hair, but he emerged victorious. The bandit leader was dead, as were his most ardent followers. The survivors had been scattered to the winds, and the town had been delivered.

That night there was a feast. The farmers didn't have much, but what they had they offered freely to the man. He introduced himself as Dracul, and they toasted and honored him as the deliverer of the town. They expected him to leave after the feast, but to their surprise, he stayed with them. He stayed in the tavern, paying for room and board as anyone else would. When pressed, he would say he was sent to protect the town, and so he would stay until he was sure that the town was safe. Days turned into weeks turned into months, as still, Dracul stayed and watched. He kept to himself for the most part, saying little and interacting only when pressed to, but the farmers enjoyed his company. As he spent longer and longer in town, he was invited to stay with a farmer on the edge of town. He moved in, and helped mind the children while the farmer and his wife tended to the crops. He also got to meet the farmers eldest daughter, a fetching maiden by the name of Saria. By the winter, Saria and Dracul had grown to know one another. 

Dracul stayed with the village for almost a year, leaving in the early spring without much warning or explanation. The people were confused and alarmed, but they could do little but go back to their lives as usual. Soon it became clear that Saria was with child, and even a simple farmer could deduce who the likely father was. Saria's family took the surprise in stride and readied themselves and the towns priest for the task of raising a baby and helping it enter the world. 

Odd things came to dominate Saria and her families life as her baby grew. She no longer needed warm clothes, she ate prodigious quantities of raw meat and offal, and remained pain free and mobile until delivery. And then there were the dragons. Small at first, the drakes would land on Saria's shoulder and watch her as she worked, or play with the families younger children. The dragons got bigger and bigger as Saria's baby did, with yearlings showing up halfway through and a junior dragon watching over her during the last few months. None spoke the common tongue, but they watched over the family and the farm all the same.

Finally, the day came, and after a few hours of pain and worry, the baby was born, healthy and whole. Swaddled in cloth, the mewling halfling looks up at his new family with a keenness and intelligence not seen in human children. The halfling coos and murmurs as the ground shakes and the house rocks. It seems Saria has one last visitor.  