It was very sudden. 

One second, I'm suffering from loss of balance, falling, and mortal terror as I slip on a toy car left on a stair-step. The next, there's a tremendous snapping sensation, as though my whole head has been bitten off. Indeed, it seems that way at first. I can't move. Everything is dark.

My kids have finally killed me, it seems. I struggle to open my eyes, hoping I haven't gone blind. 

Oh, god, I'd better start seeing again soon.

*Give it a minute,* I tell myself, staving off my growing panic. *You'll be fine. In the meantime...*

"Jamie!" I yell, "how many times have I told you -" 

The rest of the scolding goes unfinished as I realize I didn't say anything. My voice didn't work - I can't feel my -

I don't have a throat. I try to move my mouth, getting only a fuzzy sensation of nothingness in return.

I try to move my fingers. Instead, a thin line of sensation tingles to life, like trying to move your arm when it's fallen asleep. This...  Isn't right. Where there should be a solid limb and five stout human fingers, I'm willing a wispy branch to contract, snapping the hairlike tendrils attached to it as I pull.

Fear courses through me as I inadvertently dig into some wet, firm matter I find pressed up against the branch. And when the fear doesn't trigger any of the usual responses - sweating, heart pounding, labored breathing, there's just *nothing* - I struggle, determined to move. 

As a result, I twitch, bending at my midsection. And now... Now I can feel.

It is dark. My body is gone. And I can feel oppressive walls of something wet and warm pressing in all around me. 

And in this wild, nightmarish scene of fear, I twitch outward in desperation, feeling blindly for a way out. 

Through my pain and panic, instinct takes over. I find a connection. 

The relief of breathing again shoots calm into my whole being like an opiate. My regular sensations are all here again, joint stiffness and fresh staircase injuries and all. My face. My toes. I open my eyes and, wincing, gingerly lift my head from the step. Yeowch. There's a spot near the base of my skull, in particular, that feels like it got hit.

I brush the spot with my fingertips, remembering the wet and warm I had been embedded in.

Curiously, I press the spot. All at once, burning pain rips through my nerves. I let out a shriek, tiny, shrill, and gurgling. 

And I hear it with ears thrice my size.