It was The End. The final pages of the final chapter of a story only slightly older than Time itself. Time, a mutual friend of both Life and Death, had laughed and smiled knowingly when Death had announced his intent to reap Life after Time was duly escorted past the threshold of the now very dark universe, but was frustrating enough not to clue him on her mirth.

There was neither joy nor sorrow in Death as he made an unwavering trek towards his final task. There was only the quiet resignation that comes with a long job's deadline finally within grasp and a nervous brought on by an ignorance of what was yet to come. If Life was the Alpha, then what would happen after he, the Omega had finally completed the task he was created for and wiped her out. They had been rivals on the chessboard of existence from nearly The Beginning and he felt perhaps there would and really should be a fight when they would finally meet, but he could not garner even a speck of animosity towards the few memories he kept of his creation, a brief childhood punctuated by her bright smile and tinkling laugh.

It was the same smile that greeted him now as he finally caught up to her. Life smiled, and in the soft glow of her own self, offered Death a steaming cup of tea.

"Where did you even find tea leaves and water much less a cup on this side of the heat death of the universe?"

She smiled again and he half expected her to take the secret to her grave in the same way Time had, but instead she laughed in much same way he had remembered her doing long ago and forced the warm cup into his cold hands. 

"I smuggled them in my knickers as a present for you."

For a moment, he considered that perhaps she was trying to poison hisself and escape her fate. It would be a pity as he had remembered liking the bitter brew when the plant had still existed.

"You don't hate me then? I took their breath and turned their bodies into ash, crumbled whole sprawling civilizations with disease and famine. Took all that you created and turned it into this."

He motioned into the Void of the Universe, and scowled at the embers of an old anger he thought shrugged off long, long ago. He was surprised to hear the sigh and feel the hand on his cheek.

"Is that what you saw all this time? Did you really forget that I also created you? I knew what kind of things you would do. If left unchecked, that which I created would have never stopped. You are an end, my friend, to joys and innocence and good, but also to pain and cruelity and greed. I don't have the capacity for destruction. I needed you to bring order to my chaos."

Death was not sure what to say to that. He drank the tea as he mused over what had been existence. Life's words had been something he had already known, having had eternity to make peace with his role in things. Yet, hearing them said by another was soothing. It removed the childish self-doubt that remained from the days when human beings had lived centuries at a time.

"What happens when I bring an end to you then? The doors will close and I will be alone. Will I at least be allowed to sleep?"

As if summoned by his words, the doors of the Universe loomed before him revealing a place that he had never been able to see. Death had procrastinated enough. It was time for Life to go. He grasped her hand in his and led her silently to the Threshold.

"It's your choice." 

He did not wish to look at her, to indulge this need to prolong the inevitable, but Life refused to budge until their gazes locked. This time she was not smiling.

"What happens next is your choice. I have had my fun after all. The next Universe will be your turn."

She kissed him. A dirty surprise that worked nonetheless as he could not keep from hauling them both across the Threshold of the Universe and into the next.