(Pardon the length. I'm working on that aspect of my writing)

ARM Sergeant Salma Ovalle could have done this a million different ways, but it was important to do it here, in the launch bay. Even in these times, when efficiency was key, her troops had to hear this from a human voice, articulated through real, fleshy lungs. There were hundreds of them, magnetized to every square inch of the launch bay by their boots. She zoomed in with her left eye and surveyed the concealed panic in their faces.

"LISTEN UP!" 
Chatter subsided instantly. She didn't need help projecting her voice.
"Humanity never cheated. I don't care what they say, humanity never cheated. We may have cheated each other in the past, but we only cheated ourselves. But our ascension to the universe? Pushing past the stars? We never cheated. We earned our place. That sneering coalition out there claims we did. That revelation, of the true nature of the old gods, was meant to shame us. All those years of prayer, fasting,worship, murder, discrimination, banging our heads against walls in hopes that someone would listen and save us, a loved one, or restore our hope... were wasted. Wasted. 

The old gods were real, and they didn't care about us. We didn't even have the right organs to speak with them. All by design. *WE* were cheated." 

She could see a few visibly swallow back discomfort. 
"We were a failed experiment, forgotten and left adrift. We marginalized each other while we were all marginalized by the universe.
I don't need to ask where you were when they came. How they made their grand announcement and mocked us with a fire that incinerated the homeland, using prayers and incantations unknown to us, while we were doing crude imitations for millennia. Their gods listened to them. 
But they didn't count on our will. They didn't count on the ARMS-"

With that, everyone whooped and cheered. She smiled a little--the first glimpse of hers for many in attendance.
"They didn't count on Unity-"
Another cheer, this one warm, inviting, and echoing in her head.
"And the didn't count on *THIS*!"

With theatrical flair, she pointed behind her, and a circular hologram platform shot up. A dark mound appeared, rapidly bathed in lights. It was a massive severed head. Pale, long-eared, long-haired, bearded, and bleeding from its nose, empty eye sockets, lips, and the flesh beneath the braided crown of thorns around its forehead. The stump of its neck was cauterized, as if it had been placed upon a gigantic, heated knife. Some of the troops gasped, others cheered. 

"They didn't count on being killed. After we made new advancements in micro-processing, thought became another commodity, and one that was shared with all mankind. We didn't cheat ourselves this time. The lowliest pauper on Earth had access to the thought process of the greatest minds on earth, and she too, could become brilliant. Finally, she could reach her potential. I was one of those children. We crowd-sourced the greatest technological and infrastructure project our species has ever known, using the brainpower, creativity, ingenuity, and will of every person on earth. We made breakthroughs that matched, even surpassed their prayers. We worked for this. We bled for this. And soon, they'll bleed, t-"

A soft chanting voice, whispered faster and faster, flowed through the stagnant air of the launch bay. Faster and faster. Louder.


They knew, but she shouted the command anyway.

"ALL HANDS, ALL HANDS, ARM UP! AR-"
An explosion ripped through the armored hull, sickening, and violent, like a beast tearing at a ribcage. The plume of flame debris and bodies it produced were quickly sucked back into the twisted wound, to drift forever in space.
A pale green fist followed, feeling around within the hull like it was searching for something small in the dark. 

Within that instant, Salma closed her eyes and felt. 

*256/937 Remain. 251/937 Remain. 250/*-

She allowed herself to cry. She couldn't help it. Others were crying. Some were screaming.
The survivors could feel her, too. Knowing that their hardened leader was capable of tears, capable of the fear they tasted in the back of their throats as they cried out for help with failing lungs was enough to keep them moving a moment longer.

What they didn't realize was that their hardened leader was about to be pulled into space, too. 

With nearly every system in the ship disabled, she was as helpless as the rest. A bag of meat that would soon be unable to breathe. The gods could die now, but humans have always been able.
She called out with her mind and voice. "IRIS! IRIS! Please!"

A cold whirring feeling in the front of her head, like a revving engine, made her left hand reach out. She launched a tether cable from what used to be her fist, puncturing a piece of debris, but she was being pulled too fast. Her arm snapped in two,and she continued falling up. The sensation grew warmer as she continued to be pulled into the black. 

She mashed a button on her neck with her real arm, sealing her head inside her V-suit and activating an emergency protocol that ejected excess air towards the back of her body so she could somehow slow her ascent. Her HUD's vision adjusted to give her a full view of her surroundings. All the lights in the bay had dimmed, and the fleeting illumination of the fires were blotted out temporarily by the mass of her curly hair that hadn't made it into the helmet bubble. The hair passed behind her into the void, where the rest of her would join her.

Hand still outstretched, she prayed. Another hand, bigger than her own body, met hers.
"It's ok, Sarge. IRIS has you now."
The voice was sterilized but gentle. It caressed her thoughts, bringing her back from the grasp of panic she had been running from for the past five seconds.
The hand was invisible in the dark, but Salma knew what it looked like, intimately. It was matte magenta, segmented, and metal. It cradled her and opened a hatch in its upper body and placed her inside.
"Sarge, your arm..." IRIS cooed to her friend. There was an ounce of worry in the voice that others would have ignored, but Salma felt it clearly.

Sarge opened her helmet and gasped, glad to have her head in a more open space.
"I'll build another one. You're the only ARM I need right now, IRIS."
More warmth. IRIS considered a ridiculous statement, but the intent was inferred. As they exited the remains of the hull, Sarge saw her home for the past few years crumble and burn behind her. The UNX Valiant was dead, and so was most of her crew. She tried not to think about how 1/10 of the remaining population of her species had died with it.

The green limb had found its prize and was feasting on it. The head of the old god had been reduced to a cracked skull, in the mouth of a goblin, no doubt altered by magic to maintain such a size. Manifested this close to a defense shield, naked and alone, it would die soon. But it had completed its goal. The goblins were fanatical, and thus easily manipulated despite their intelligence. The Manifestation had driven him mad with greed and hunger, so chunks of godflesh were all the reward it needed. Even so, the creature scooped up other objects into its mouth. The numbers dropping on Salma's HUD told her everything.

IRIS positioned herself and her friend in front of creature. The warmth was now another fire. 
Her body faded into the background, replaced with the searing vibration of metal electricity and her will.
Humanity may not have cheated, but ARM Sergeant Salma Ovalle and her friend never played fair. 
