I looked down at the old, ratty paperback in my hands. The pages were yellowed with time and the cover was slightly faded. The disappointment in my eyes was obvious.

"What's the matter, dear?" Mrs. Hauberk asked, dusting away what looked like soot and scorch marks from her dress. I didn't bother to ask. Mrs. Hauberk was, among other things, a notorious clutz.

"Well..." I started, not sure of how to explain the problem, "It's just that I asked for the Necronomicon."

The librarian smiled kindly, "Yes dear, I remember. Isn't that what it says on the cover?" I looked down at the title of the paperback. She wasn't wrong.

"It's just that... well, this is *Simon's* Necronomicon, isn't it?"

Mrs. Hauberk looked confused, "Is that not the right one, sweetie?"

I thought for a moment on how to explain the situation without coming off as strange.

"The Simon Necronomicon is basically a sham. It's from that time when the occult was new and interesting and sold well because everyone was... Well, everyone was trying to be edgy. LaVey founded the Church of Satan, Aleister Crowley was advocating Thelema and Simon? Simon claims to have gatecrashed J.F.K's funeral and found the actual Necronomicon!" I held up the book "And this is the product of it all, a cruddy little paperback that he claims is based on the contents!"

Mrs. Hauberk looked at me almost sadly, "You certainly are passionate about this, aren't you?" she asked, taking a seat behind the library counter. "So you were wanting the *real* Necronomicon?"

"Yes!" I cried, only to have someone shush me from somewhere else in the library, "Yes! The Necronomicon, the Kitab al-Azif! The Book of the Dead, described by H.P Lovecraft as having been written by the Mad Arab Abdul Alhazred!"

"Oh, well in that case I can only get you books that actually exist, not literary smokescreens."she replied with a wave of her handed.

My disappointment was replaced with confusion. "What do you mean?"

"Well, sweetie," Mrs. Hauberk said, rising from her chair, her kindly features taking on a more menacing appearance "Don't you think with all of the excitement surrounding Lovecraft, the Necronomicon, Cthulhu and all that, that someone would have found the book already? If it ever actually existed?" she turned away from me and began searching through a small box, "And wouldn't that be the point, after all? To keep everybody searching? To grab the attentions of several generations and keep them looking for what doesn't exist as opposed to what does?"

She turned back towards me, placing another small paperback on the counter, covering the book with her left hand. I remember thinking once that her hands were so small and dainty, but now they seemed huge, no longer weathered by time but callused from experience.

"No, it simply cannot do to have the whole world looking for literature so powerful in it's potential and so horrifying in its implication that merely reading it's first few pages drives the sanest of men to the brink of purest, literary addiction. Once you realise just what it is you've stumbled upon it would make far more sense to take on a protégé. Someone to pen a mythos designed to grab the attentions, imaginations and fears of the people for the next hundred years. Someone whose legacy would overshadow your own, allowing your works to disappear into obscurity."

She slid the book forward ever so slightly.

"All to protect the world from what you had discovered. A madness that could kill a man and his protégé scantly four years apart. But if that's the kind of horror you want to invite into your life, if you would dare to dance with madness and assume yourself capable enough to lead the waltz? Then, my dear..." Mrs. Hauberk lifted her hand, "Due back in three weeks."

I slowly raised the book in my hands and read the cover. *The King in Yellow: A Play in Two Acts.*