"For Peace, Order, and Good Government..."


A decade ago I couldn't have imagined that our plan would have worked so well, that it would have had such little resistance, and that our motto would become that which not only unites, but leads our species. I Knew I was Right. And, I Knew that it was for the good of all global citizens and their sub-governments to follow our lead and become organized to face the eminent threat which we faced. 


I have always been interested in causality - not just a probabilistic understanding of variables and how they impact results, but a deterministic view in how every possible variable is needed to arrive to the current state. Indeed, it would be foolish to say that there was; a single event, a single action, or a single challenge, which catapulted me to lead not just a nation but an entire species. But, as many media outlets, books, and articles have proposed, there are several key events which led us to this new order.


I am probably not alone when I say that even though only 8 years have passed since 2018 it feels like a lifetime ago. 


I remember back then looking around the world and seeing what I knew to be insane. The rise of the populist right in Europe, the continuation of the radical left in South America, the US and China beginning a trade war and pulling the rest of the world into their fight, threats of nuclear war between nations, a lack of will or ability to kick the carbon addiction, the largest humanitarian crisis in Yemen only a year earlier, and politicians and leaders across the world who - though perhaps with good intentions, and perhaps better then alternative options - remained absolutely incompetent. 


Looking within our 'civilized' nations I saw wasted productivity. People should not forget that despite our prosperity we had groups without access to clean water,  over-crowded shelters, people doing the work we could easily build machines to do, and people living - and in some cases dying - in our streets. This was in a large part due to how we used to organize productivity through the market but the signs were clear that massive change was on the horizon. This was perhaps one of my largest motivators that inspired the conception of the Grand Canada Plan. 


You see, I came to realize that most of the problems we faced, both across and within nations, stemmed from economic fallacies and that three core issues would structure the future. First, was the continuation of the issue of unlimited wants vs fixed supplies - a problem which the traditional market was somewhat effective with handling. Second was a continuation on the shift of wealth. Though many protested in the earlier decades were about the allocation in terms of the "top 1%", this wasn't the worrisome issues, rather the shift of wealth from labour towards owners of land and increasingly towards capital meant that alongside automation a fundamental change was occurring. Third, was the rapid advancements in AI, especially those which occurred post-2020. It was humorous prior to this time to see the old tech giants of Zukerberg promoting it and Musk warning of possible consequences. Though they had several good points, they seemingly missed what is now so obvious, advances in AI would not lead to what Schumpeter called 'Creative Destruction' where old redundant jobs were replaced with new high-tech work, rather in terms of labour it would effectively removed the 'fixed supply' available - it would eliminate 'scarcity'. 


Though many on online forums advocated how this could bring forth a new Utopia, I had studied enough history to know that such massive change was never this simple. Moreover, I knew that economics was about scarcity, and, if we removed scarcity from only one of the factors of production without addressing the others that the system could not work. Sure, there was ideas on organizing productivity vis a vis basic incomes or other ideas, and no matter what Canada was well positioned as a major G7 nation which maintained a strong primary sector, but eventually global problems and conflicts will become Canadian problems. Inevitably I arrived at the conclusion that the only way to ensure a secure world and thereby a secure Canada was to solve the problem of resource scarcity. 


I had a plan, but would need power to put it into action..