A raft of buildings collected together and then abruptly alone, four houses and around them were empty lots and dandelions like the streetlight in the old mans eyes as he coughed and knocked on the door. Empty parking lots like forgotten dreams overgrown with weeds, blades of grass twirling over garbage, and in the distance the glow of the city blocking the stars.

The old man finished knocking and quickly scattered to the streetlight like a child playing a harmless prank indeed this was the speculation of the little girl. No taller than a fence post her hair tied in two pigtails she had on pink flannel pajamas and dirty pink bunny rabbit slippers and a white shirt with a faded rainbow. The old man was caught aghast and looked in her eyes and wondered if the stars had fallen from the sky, so clear they hovered over his lean figure and the shopping cart he pushed.
 
Like dead teeth the houses seemed to chatter as she opened the door wide and the wild man peered into the hallway and saw the mountain of newspapers, the plastic bags, the crumbled fast food bags, and he could see the trail blazed through the unknown hoarders, blazed by her tiny feet as she lived amongst the filth and squalor, unable to free herself from the smell it was no wonder she stepped down the front porch. 

The green door chipped and flaked from no use at all but by time fell closed against the portal to her world and there they stood, facing one another, across the street. 

“Madam” 

Inquired the vagabond. 

“I pray the moon grows weary of my starring and wonder if perhaps I might tell of another time.” 

Enamored by the speech that betrayed the raggedy doll that swayed in clothes worn down to his skin, his beard burly hiding his face and leaving only his eyes that glowed with the plight of inquisition, as if on the cusp of answers a question already asked. She said, 

“Sir I know not what you speak of, are you lost?"

“Of course.”

He replied with a smile as if awaiting instructions like a pet. The little girl looked left at the street that went on to the empty husks of the warehouses, to the right, and the dead stores where the wind howled through hollow carcasses. She dared not venture in any direction. 

“I…I can’t help you…..I’m not supposed to be here.”

She looked back at the door. 

The old man had wandered in the middle of the street abreast the glow of the streetlight and from his pocket produced a sextant that he positioned to his eyes and looked as if he were steering a ship. Certainly, the salt had crusted his clothes so that not even his jacket fluttered as he became like an animated figurine. 

The girl had the depths of her curiosity stirred and her voice came from the cavernous realms where youth and innocence had been engulfed, 

“Who are you?”

The old man did well to hide the pain that her voice plucked, like the bow of a violin over strings ready to snap, but so powerful the melody, so enchanting the song, one would never think at first glance, 

“I told you I’m Lost.”

“Where are you going?”

“Where we all must go.”

He could not contain his eyes from moving to the ground and a passing cloud capped his eyes and rain fell behind them. 

 “Oh in time I will find my way home but I see you, well, see, how do put this”
How does he tell her about celestial navigation, the waves of the universe pushing and pulling all toward endless rip tides anchored to new shores?

“What do you mean?”

Asked the girl as she stepped into the street with the old man. He brought the sextant from his eyes and dropped to one knee. Under the insects orbiting the yellow afterglows the golden sextant and all the markings, the glass eyepiece, the radial markings became more abundant to the little girl, the intricate and delicate fabrication alluded her eyes and she reached out with her hand to take the device. The old man withdrew the device and instead struck out his hand. The fingernails were clean, trimmed, pink opals like pearls from an oyster. 

“I will tell you, on the condition that you meet me here every Tuesday night for the next two years.”

The little girl was conflicted. So desperately she needed to leave the house she would have found any excuse in time and yet here one came, at her hour. How could she trust unnamed fate? She knew nothing of this man had no reason to trust him except for the kindness that he seemed to emulate, the tenderness of his voice, the sincerity of his smile and the dedication he seemed to instil within her, as if taking his hand would be a journey she would never want to leave and thus unsure if she would ever be able to depart, and if so, what would be become of her?

The old man saw all this through her and his hand became a finger, to wait, and he rushed back to his shopping cart and laughed over his shoulder,

“Of course, of course, so foolish a mortal can be to come before a queen without due introduction.”

The shopping cart, clacking, and squeaking, crashing over the curb he seemed to do dance and spun around the little girl giggled at his antics and this seemed to reinforce an unseen bond between them. The old man removed the tarp and from the pile took out a large book that was not thick but the size and shape of a television dinner. The little girl looked at the words under the streetlight, and 
struggled to pronounce them, 

“ca-ca.”

“Calvin and Hobbes, an old favorite of mine. The pictures will be a good place to start and then, oh then, odysseys my child will come before you and the world will open in words and pictures unlike anything you will ever see and you will have such a wealth that no one will ever be able to take from you. I leave you my life, but only if I can teach you how to use it. I promise you, no, I swear to you that what I will teach you will surpass any existence that anyone has had before you. I only ask for two years.”

He held in one hand the sextant and held his other out for her to shake. She shook his hand. He smiled, a smile as if a thousand winters gave way at last to spring. 

“What is your name, my pupil?”

“Abigail.”

“Abigail. Let us begin.”

And under the streetlight, they looked at the stars. 

