"Thank you," General Jacobs bids the council a final farewell as he returns to consult with the other members of the human resistance to the Sol Empire.  Steran, a strong member of the Vekharr turns to Captain Malkiar of the Arcadians, and lets out a deep chuckle. The Vekharr are beings of organic rock, born on the fiery planet Ayen, their nervous systems are symbiotic organisms known in the human tongues as lava skippers which plunge themselves into the lava falls and help a Vekharr take shape. As the organic rock grows around them, and a sharing of organic energy begins, the Vekharr brains develop quickly leading to fully grown warriors almost instantly. The Arcadians, named so when an ancestor of Kiernan Ryker's bought the star that was the home star of their fledgling empire, look much like humans, with skin colors being typically paler, the eyes being structured differently, and their hands only having four fingers. Additionally, Arcadian minds are much more adept, being able to understand complex quantum mechanics at very young ages, or learn new and strange languages at the drop of a hat. Which is why when they made the decision to seek out a new Emperor once their previous one perished in the war with the Vekharr, they took up English as their official language, which the Vekharr scrambled to learn to keep up with Arcadian communiqués and which the Exiles, as the scavenging species of lithe creatures came to be known, studied in order to keep up with Arcadian supply transports they could raid to keep alive. Due to the efforts of Kiernan Ryker, the three different species have set aside their differences and come together as part of the Arcadian Republic, a reorganization of the failing Arcadian Empire, and a new model of galactic democracy. 

"Why are you so interested in them?" The good Captain inquires of his new ally in the fight against the tyrannical and power-hungry human Empire. "As evident by our main threat, they can't be completely trusted. I know Ryker, he's a good man, and General Jacobs is an idealist fighting for the right reasons, but if they let the Empire come to being in the first place, how can we trust them? They are a war species."

"So are my people," Steran chuckles again, his angular stone head giving no discernible emotion, the sound a rumbling from his core, "But the humans, they fight for peace. They fight so that their children do not have to. They inflict horrors on each other when they feel they must to spare the horrors that future generations may inflict. Is it the most logical of intentions? No, but is it a noble one? Absolutely. My people fought to survive when we were born of the cosmic wishes, and we believed ourselves to be the chosen ones to rule over all of the universe's children. We fought for dominance, we fought to rule as we believed was our birthright."

"Isn't that what their Emperor is fighting for?" Malkiar inquires, his jet black hair shifting slightly when he raises the eyebrow over his golden right eye, his ivory face showing no such agreement with Steran's judgement. 

"I've been fighting a long time Malkiar, I understand the mindset of a warrior. Their Emperor Heydrich does not seek to conquer for the sake of conquering. Our friend Ryker has shown us that Heydrich is not a warrior Emperor, he sees the conflict between humans and he has helped put an end to it by having one rule, however weak-willed and insecure it may be. He tries to make sure that there is food and shelter enough for everyone, however meager it is. Even now, he seeks to rule the stars not for his own benefit, but for the benefit of all, even if he has to accomplish it by force," Steran explains.

"Wouldn't that then make his goal an admirable one? That sounds like a utopia to me. The society we all wish could come about," Malkiar pushes his point, to which Steran places a massive hand on the Arcadian's smaller shoulder.

"That's why we're fighting them. Any such utopia cannot exist. The stars are perfect, but their children, us, are not. Greed and corruption always take hold, that is why their Supreme Commander Dryden commits war crimes against our people, that is why your Empire fell apart, that is why a centralized power structure cannot work with us mortal beings. We must all be free to choose our own fates, to take our own courses, or at the very least, tell our leaders which course the majority of us wish to take. If you let everyone do what they wish, so long as it doesn't hurt anyone else, then each soul finds peace in itself, and will find peace with each other," Steran explains, "The battles we had the hardest time winning were when our adversaries had something they felt worth dying for, worth killing for. That's why the humans have rebelled, not because they do not wish to see people taken care of, because they want to foster a civilization where people can choose their destinies, one where they don't have to do something for another, but they will anyways because that's the mark of good character."

"And you think that it wise? To trust the good of everyone to the strongest? In my experience, they only look out for themselves, and will crush anyone who gets in their way," Malkiar responds, crossing his arms and giving a golden glare directed towards Steran. The Vekharr chuckles again.

"That is why we must encourage the best of us to come forward, to lead, to set the right example so that others may follow. That is a lesson both my people and yours failed to learn for many years. But I think our friend Ryker will put us back on track. Come on, the humans are returning to the table. We have a war to win my friend."