"Wait a minute... what the hell?" That's what I was thinking in this moment. I know I usually have a few voices in my head trying to chat, but I know for sure that wasn't one of them. It seemed to be coming from behind me. Just to make sure that I heard correctly, I asked, "Could you say that one more time?" I know that was stupid, but for some reason, I still did it. I didn't hear anything in that moment, so I figured maybe it was just a new voice in my head messing with me... at least that's what I first thought and then realized that that didn't make sense. I finally turned around and looked at the teddy bear, and right as I made eye contact with it, it stood up.

"To answer your question from before, I said you got me. I am Satan, Lucifer, The Dark Lord, Evil Incarnate and of course, my most well known name, The Devil. It's nice to meet you." 

"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, NO! There is absolutely NO WAY this is happening right now", I said as I tried to come to terms with my reality as of now.

The devil responded back saying, "What do you mean, dumbass? You see AND hear me talking to you? Why are you questioning this?"

What I said back was, "The teddy bear talking isn't what's freaking me out. I've had inanimate objects talk to me before. None of them, however, happened to be the LITERAL DEVIL!"

"Hey, can you stop screaming? I already hear that enough back home."

"Back home...you mean..."

"Yes, I mean Hell. God, you're stupid. Great, you made me mentioned that bastard. Anyway, I'm not here to harm you...yet. I want you to do a few things for me. If you agree, I'll spare your life and maybe your loved ones. If you disagree, well, I've got a nice cozy spot for you back home. Understand?"

If you are a sane and normal person, you'd probably be scared shitless like I am right now. I mean, I'm neither of those things, but you get the point. I just had my heart broken by the love of my life, and now I'm probably gonna have to be an errand boy for the Devil. I didn't know what he was gonna ask and wanted to disagree, but I also didn't want to visit whatever "cozy spot" he had waiting for me. He's starting to notice I'm hesitating and right as I realize that, I feel the ground under me started to melt.

"You have about 10 seconds to answer me, and just letting you know, the fall is actually one of the worst parts, so...yeah. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6..."

Oh shit. I start to look down and could already see a part of Hell. I'm so dead if I disagree, but I'll probably end up dead after I'm done running his errands, too. Damned if I do, damned if I don't... LITERALLY!

"5...4...3...2..."

"Okay! Okay... I agree. Now, just tell me whatever and please stop melting the floor under me?"

"Of course. I just wanted to make sure you'd make the right decision." He repairs the floor under me and gestures me to sit down. Once I'm sat, he walks towards me, looks me dead in my eyes with his crimson red pupils and utters the words, "Now you're mine, and here's what you're gonna do..."

&#x200B;