Being a vampire has never been harder. It started off as some humans getting sick and dying, but they didn't really die, they all sort of came back to life. Not like a normal human any more though, they just had this dead stare, smelt like death and started trying to eat anything they could get their hands on, including other people. I tried tasting one once when the disease first started, the idiot tried to bite me back. His blood tasted old and was all thick and gluggy. He didn't die either when I sucked his blood, he just kept moaning and gnashing his teeth at me. After that I just avoided his kind, I don't like the taste or texture of old blood.

But this new kind of dead-like human really became a problem. They like to eat normal humans, and the normal humans seem to be terrible at fighting back, so soon normal humans seemed to become less and less common. 

I made the mistake once too of draining a human and leaving him lying in his bed. The idiot came back to life and ate his whole family. I won't do that again!

I watched the humans carefully and learned that the dead-like humans would only die when someone destroyed their brain. So from then on when I sucked someone dry I just crushed their head when I was done.

I ran out of normal humans though pretty quick in Transylvania so I had to move on. It was pretty hard to leave my beautiful castle behind. Id lived in it for over 500 years after all. 

I found a small colony of humans living together in a walled in town and I realised that I had to be a lot smarter about how much fresh blood I drank otherwise I'd have to keep moving again.

So now I help the human colony to grow in secret. If I see some dead-like humans hanging around outside the walls I take care of them. I sometimes drink a bit of their blood if i get desperate. I call them gluggers because of their terrible blood though. Sometimes they try to eat me but they quickly lose interest in me and a few bites don't worry me. They're pretty easy to kill too because their bones and flesh have gone all sort of gooey.

When I need a bit of fresh blood now, rather than suck one dry, I try to just suck a little bit from a few humans at night when they sleep. 

The colony is growing, I see some women walking around with big bellies. The idea that I might have a good feast again one day when it's safe to take a whole human excites me. 