 

“You've always been asking me this,” the woman complains as she waves a small briefcase around.  “Years and years have gone by, and you always ask the same thing; When am I getting a replacement?  And then you come waltzing in here ignoring all the red flags we placed, and try to kill the path to what you want!”

I've been standing quietly for some time now while they've argued.  It's definitely the strangest thing to have happened to me so far, but I'm not about to bring their attention back to me.  The aggressor, my attacker is huffily gripping his scythe in one hand while keeping his hooded face pointed at the woman.  In the other he holds a cell phone.  

“That was five hundred years ago when you could still find what I needed.  You flagged thirteen different people incorrectly in the last ten months.  I had no reason to expect this was any different.” He waved nonchalantly in my direction with what I could see how was a less and less money looking hand.  “This one is tagged as an artisan.  I don't need fancy pots and pans or bread.  Artisans nowadays make breads.  Last month a young teenager was flagged as 'savior of the free world’.  You are new to your job and mistakes are being made.”

The silence captivated me as the woman turned to look directly into my eyes, her own seeming to turn dark.  “Mistakes are being made.”

She moved to my small desk and threw open her briefcase.  Her mutterings to herself seemed to rumble through the room, and I had no idea how to make myself smaller.  I could see her hands rifling through sheaves of paper, some stapled, some in folders, so many that they never should have fit in such a slim case.  She pulled out several pages and waved them towards the hooded man. “I should let you make your mistakes that you are making.  I shouldn't even be here helping you.”

“You've placed immortality upon a mortal,” the man growled.  “How is this not a mistake?”

“He's not supposed to be dead right now, you idiot!” She waves the sheets again.  “This is not an assignment towards immortality, he is flagged with artisanship towards immortality objects.” 

“He is still alive!  My scythe kills all things!”

She looks again to me and back to the hood.  Her eyes run over what I can't see printed on the pages that are now wrinkling in her hand.  “You swung your scythe and he didn't die.”. She looks again to me.  “Is that what happened?”

“I guess,” I stupidly answer.  It's not my first stupid answer, I hope it's not my last.  

“You've been quiet this entire time,” she seems to be attempted to effect a calming demeanor towards me.  “Tell me what you feel has happened here.”

I will not look at the hooded man, I swear to myself.  I will not recall the shine of his blade as it swung at me.  “I was getting ready for bed, and heard a noise.” She nods.  “I armed myself and turned to see a blade falling.” She nods again. “I parried using a rising maneuver, pushing the blade away from me while preparing to swing again.”

“You parried? You blocked his scythe, and so are seemingly immortal?” She turns to the man and stamps her foot. “You fool!  How good of an artisan do you think we need to make a blade replacement for you?  Of course he can parry your scythe, he was born of the same metal!  He carries it in his blood!  He is not immortal, you fool!  He is what you've been asking for all this time!”

The hood rises somewhat until I can see a pointed chin and thin lips.  “None survive my blade, none have 'parried’ and evaded their death before this.”

“It's not the time of his death,” she shrieks.  Nothing on this page states that this is his time.  I don't even understand how you came to be here!”

The man pulls out an old fashioned pocket watch, large and shining gold. He silently shows her something on its face and then waves it my direction and shows her again.  “Death cannot be denied.”

She's subdued when she finally speaks again. “That's obviously and most definitely a mistake there.  Maybe we should have focused on a watchmaker instead of a swordsmith.” Her darkened eyes seem much calmer when they look at me again and for the final time before they leave.

“Keep up your training,” she says. “We need you in the afterlife. Death needs a new scythe, and you've been born to smith it. I apologize for the issue tonight, but it has shown other issues to be dealt with. I'll take him with me now, and you may continue on your mortal way.” She nods silently and professionally with a sharp smile.  The briefcase clicks shut, and they're gone leaving only a chill breeze dying in my small room.

I look at the sword in my hands, a replica of a sword from some old movie, one I'd made in my first years at the forge almost forty years ago.  “You are never leaving my side again, and you also better not be related to me.”