The visions started when I was 16. You're supposed to see from the other persons eyes for a minute and then go back to your own life.  My visions were always jumbled to the point that I would get migranes after.  Like looking through a dirty kaleidoscope. My parents took me to doctor's and therapists and none of them can tell me why I can't understand what I'm seeing, or tell my parents what is wrong with their daughter.

I get hints here and there before they get jumbled, a crowded asian city, or a small hilly town, but then after an instant, the image would shift and spin and it would just be a dirty kaleidoscope again.

I got a job working for an airline at the airport. I knew my soulmate was half way across the world. And working for an airline got me cheap flights anywhere I wanted to go.  

Once, before the vision went weird,  I even saw a sign but the language was in Japanese, so I started studying that. And going to Japan any chance I got.
But then, another time, I saw a blonde girl with blue eyes speaking to me with an English accent.

It was a typical day at work, I was taking boarding passes at the gate for a flight to Tokyo. Well as fate would have it down the line I see a familiar face, but one I didn't know. A woman about my age with blonde hair. I hear her speaking to someone and she's English! When she gets to the gate I ask her excitedly, "Sorry to ask this, but who do you know in Japan?!"

 She looks at me confused and says "No one, I'm going with my mate to try to find her soul mate." I look at her friend and something clicks, she is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. She's got red hair and light green eyes with freckles scattered all over. She looks at me and drops everything and just hugs me. People in line realize what is happening and start congratulating us, one of my co-workers take over for me and we step to the side. 

She looks at me "I thought you'd be Japanese?" I said "So did I". She introduced herself as Rachel and I told her my name was Molly. I had just met my soul mate, but why did I still feel like a part of me was missing? At that moment it happened, for the first time ever in my life I had a clear vision. In it was an asian guy our age looking at a mirror. Around the mirror were things everyone that didn't have a soulmate yet had around the edges, address in Japanese and English! his phone number, photos, Kenji. HIS NAME WAS KENJI!
He was crying, frustrated. 

I look at Rachel and she's looking at me, "I'm so sorry, I just had another vision" I tell her, tears starting to fall down my face.
She looks back at me "So did I, and for the first time in my life it was clear" I said that it was the same for me. She told me her hotel in Shibuya and I told her to get on the plane and I would be on the next flight to meet her and find him. Kenji, Our other Soulmate!

(Sorry if it's bad, this is my first ever WP)