*Patient number: 50364*

*Name: <redacted>*

*Diagnoses: Schizotypal Personality Disorder, Hero Complex, Martyr Complex*

*Admittance Date:* *December 21st, 2012*

*Date: December 22nd, 2012*

*Initial Notes:* *Patient believes they are a savior by slaughtering people with a mystical knife, which saved everyone from an asteroid impact on December 21st, 2012.* *Patient has no criminal record, and no history of violent outbursts prior to admittance.* *Patient has no known family or friends.* *The patient was admitted by police for belligerent behavior and repeatedly shouting “It worked!* *I’ve saved everyone!* *The knife worked!”.* *The local paper has dubbed the patient “The Sixth Degree Slasher”.*

*What follows is the transcript of the initial one-on-one meeting between the patent and his primary psychiatrist. Dr. Aeson Cunningham.*

AC: Good morning, PT. How are you today?

PT: I’m fine, doctor, but the food sucks. Why am I still here?

AC: I’m glad you are well. We are meeting today to determine if you belong in this hospital. Do you remember being brought here?

PT: Yes, it was only a few days ago. Like I explained to the cops, and to the nurse who saw me. I am fine. I’m ecstatic, really, because it worked! Like I told them, I was so full of doubt, but knew I had to trust in myself.

AC: What worked? Could you please explain?

PT: The knife worked! I didn’t believe it either, and I understand it sounds crazy, but somehow killing people with that knife brought them here, to this Earth. You don’t remember?

AC: I’m sorry, PT. I’ve never met you before today. And there are over 8 billion people in this world. How could you possibly have killed them all?

PT: I didn’t kill everyone. There were a hundred of us.

AC: That still is extremely unlikely. And what about my ancestors? I remember my grandmother’s cooking when I was younger. You couldn’t have killed her, because she died about twenty years ago. How can I remember her?

PT: Well, no. But the dagger worked by resurrecting the person I killed and everyone within six degrees of separation from that person. I suppose it also worked back and took the ancestors. Maybe Stephen Hawking could explain how the time travel process worked, because I don’t really understand that part either.

AC: How did the dagger know who was within six degrees?

PT: It was explained, but the math involved was too far beyond my understanding. Besides, my mission wasn’t to *understand*, but to *perform.* Remember the asteroid last week? That was supposed to collide with us. You’re welcome.

AC: As I understand it, that asteroid missed us by -.

PT: Yes, because I was able to save you. Don’t you remember the panic? Don’t you remember the curfews? The nuclear missiles?

AC: Like in *Deep Impact*?

PT: Yes, but it actually happened. I can prove it to you. Does a *Kit Kat* bar have a dash?

AC: I’m not sure what –

PT: Just answer. Does it have a dash?

AC: No, I don’t think it does.

PT: Yes, but it *used to!* I have another. Is it “Berenstain Bears”, with an “a” or “Berenstein Bears” with an “e”?

AC: I don’t know.

PT: With an “e”! But now it has an “a”! That’s proof that it worked! There are little differences, and I don’t know why, but they are proof! Just ask anyone! They will remember!

AC: Please calm down. You are starting to get excited. Ok, let’s say you are correct. Where is your criminal record? Surely killing so many people would leave a police record.

PT: It doesn’t exist here, because I didn’t kill anyone here! I killed in the other world, but my record didn’t cross over. Look, you must remember. Look at the discrepancies around you! The Monopoly guy lost his monocle!

AC: So, are you insisting you are a murderer? That is very unusual. You said there were a hundred of you. Do you know any of the others?

PT: I knew only one other person, <redacted>. I attempted to contact him, but I couldn’t find him anywhere. He might not exist in the world. I think he forgot to kill himself at the end.

AC: Have you ever heard of Occam’s Razor?

PT: Yes, the simplest explanation of an event, no matter how preposterous, is most likely the truth.

AC: Correct. So, which is more likely, that you saved the entire world by killing everyone, but have no police record nor any other evidence that a disaster happened. Or, you become so disillusioned by your life that you needed to be important, just once, and created an elaborate story for it, even if it meant incarceration for multiple homicides?

PT: Look doc, I know it sounds crazy, but you must believe me! Just remember! Remember the dream! It wasn’t a dream because it really happened!

AC: PT, I you are getting excited again. I think you need some rest. We can continue this next week.

PT: No please, you must remember!  I’m a hero! Please!  I don't belong here!