Eduardo walked through the village, muscles glistening in the early autumn sun, making deliveries for his master. He was apprenticed to the local blacksmith, and the honest work had given him a good - make that a very good - physique. Frankly, he was gorgeous. Most eligible (and some of the not so eligible) females in his village lusted after him - yet outside of his work duties, he mostly kept to himself - preferring to read or work on mastering his craft. That's right, he was gorgeous AND deep.


As Eduardo was walking to his next delivery, he passed a trashy young girl with ridiculous pink hair. She was also wearing one of those ludicrous leather armor getups which left nothing to the imagination, and required a significant expenditure of magic to protect anything from anything.


She stood and called out, "Hey you!"

Eduardo stopped, "Me?"

"Hi, I'm Altrania. Did you know you have a narrator? You must be a great hero!"

"Ah," Eduardo said warily, "No, I'm just a blacksmith's apprentice." 


He had heard of this cult. Members believed that reality was fictional, and that powerful beings called "narrators" controlled the various threads of fate in order to tell whatever story interested them. Members of his village were pretty pragmatic and when your average cultist traveled by they were laughed out of town. However the problem with this cult was that the chaos spirits had taken quite a liking to their particular brand of insanity, and imbued some of their members with quite powerful magics.


"Just an apprentice?!? No, you must be something more, perhaps the son of a king?"

"Seriously no - I'm just a regular guy."

"Are you kidding me?" Without transition the lunatic woman was angry, and yelling at a point above Eduardo's head. "You're narrating the life of an apprentice? My parents were killed in a fire when I was young! I've studied to become a 10th level sorceress! I have pink hair! I have a butterfly tattooed on the small of my back! You should be narrating me! I'm interesting dammit!"

"Look miss, I don't want any trouble, I have to make my deliveries" Eduardo turned and headed towards his next dropoff, his tight pants caressing his muscular legs as he strode away.


"Don't turn your back on me!" Altrania screamed while stamping her foot **right into a fresh dog turd.** Eduardo continued walking away.
"Really? Dogshit? You immature... Let's see how you like it when the protagonist you're obsessed with is a goose" Altrania muttered to herself. Walking after Eduardo, she whispered an incantation,


*"Well might your parents mourn,*

*when you become a goose until dawn."*


The chaos spirits cringed at the terrible rhyme, but allowed it, and in Altrania's cupped hands grew a glowing ball of light. **As the ball left her hands she stumbled, the ball speared towards Eduardo, but narrowly missed him, then reflected off a window in one house, to another window in a house across the path, then straight back to Altrania.**
With a honk of dismay she turned into a goose which had pink feathers, and a light blue mark in the shape of a butterfly on its back.


Oblivious to these goings on, Eduardo continued his deliveries, looking great, and bringing joy to all he met. His day was slightly marred by a pink goose which kept pecking and honking at him, but when someone tried to catch it, the goose escaped into the woods.
