I am dead, and it happens that there is some form of paradise, or heaven, I don’t know what you can call it, it’s a bit confusing and I still haven’t understood how the whole thing works. Lot’s of waiting although. Heard it’s normal for grassroots, yeah, new guys are called grassroots until we transcended our bodies, whatever that means.


Anyway, part of the process of accepting our deaths is to see how many times we could have died and didn’t, guess it’s to show people they were lucky even living that long, guess it’s helps *shrugs* I don’t know.


Then a guy came in, dressed in white, a white scientific blouse, a helmet, also white with blue bands on it and before I could say a word he smacked the tablet he was holding with the back of his hand and yelled.


« You mister reich are a lucky man »


He seemed in a good mood, I’m dead so I don’t see how I am lucky but oh well, anyway, heard you get about 18-20 tapes to see about outcomes and yet the guy came in with zero.


« So I didn’t get any « *near misses* » ? »


The guy stopped writing, chuckled, and then proceeded to continue writing.  Wow these guy’s in heaven are impolite.


« What’s so funny ? »
« You will see, man is it rare to see guys like you, first in my career actually »
« What do you mean ? »
« That, you will know in just a momen.. Aaah good, they arrived ! »


And instantly, a column of people pushing small crates barged in the room with cassettes filling every one of them, pretty long queue of people actually, a very long queue of them.. This is actually worrying, a guy that had 25 cassettes had to stay a good 3 hours or so, this is ridiculous, there still coming ! They are still coming ! This is purgatory, I am being punished for all my sins..


« Okay, good, now we shall review them, if you could follow me ? »


« How long is this going to take ? »


« Humm.. honestly.. A week ? I don’t know ? »


« It’s your job »


« Yeah well this is something « *particular* » plus it’s really a week for you, I’ll be heading home at 5 »


« And I’ll  have to stay ? »


« Well, you know, you didn’t finish the transcending phase so yeah, you are stuck here until you review all the tapes »


« And then I’m free ? »


He chuckled and then said « Well, you still need to do a bunch of things after but yeah, after all the prerequisites and all, you will be free. »


« And how long is that ? »


« I can’t tell you that »


Yet he mouthed « A year if you are lucky »


« Let’s start right now »



The first ones, were the classics I heard, you know, almost dying as an infant by being dropped, stupid things like that, a shelf nearly falling on me, eating a small kinder toy, yeah, all that while mister the worker was being unprofessional, like, I am not the kind of guy that will call the manager and all but this was absurd.


He was laying back, feet on the table eating popcorn.


Worse of all, if I stopped looking, the video paused, which created a bunch of ankward moments where I looked at him straight in the eye and he stared back intensely all while still chomping on popcorn.



Anyway, most of the *near misses* made me think of how easy you can die.


A few of them were the kind where I drinked and drived and died.


One was poison, that surprised me, I had a bat shit crazy girlfriend who tried to kill us so we could meet back in paradise, that psycho, it’s actually amazing how many times I could have died just because of her, wow that time I refused to do some bondage play, she had a knife waiting, god, this sent chills down my spine.


That time I didn’t want to jump into the water and there were rocks, this is ridiculous, I have a good 40 of them just dedicated to her.


The second batch got even crazier, and I didn’t even need to see the tapes to understand that, I find I got the memo when a bunch of guys dressed in black started to come in and sit in the other chairs of the theater room. 