[fatfingered a half-response before, now let's do the actual one]

"At number ten, we have, ladies and gentlemen, her first time! Too bad the guy turned out to be an ass, but hey, a good memory nonetheless!"

I blinked once. And twice. I was... on a train, wasn't I? Or, well, I had been, I wasn't anymore.

"Let's not dwell on this too long. Number 9, and she sure remembers this, the day she walked off-stage and managed to hurt herself so bad she couldn't walk for two weeks! What a great thing to do two days before Christmas, right? It sure is funny in retrospect!"

Heh. Yeah, that is quite funny.

"And let's go right to number 8!"

Calling me confused would be an understatement. I'd been on a train, I remembered that. There'd been... Some guy? Some guy, he'd pulled out a gun, and I remembered thinking, well, obviously that's fake, you can't buy guns here. And then he shot someone.

"The Black Forest Cake she baked for her older siblings' birthday when she was 15! She sure is proud of that, despite not putting an inordinate amount of effort in it. Her siblings liked it too!"

I'd been on that train with my little sister. Seven years younger than me.

"And right to number 7, the deed. The day she moved into what would be her final residence! A relatively small apartment building near work. She was so proud to finally be able to live on her own!"

He'd already shot someone else when I understood what was happening. I think I'd gone deaf then, as well. Or maybe that was just the blood rushing through my ears.

"Number 6! This is a very vivid memory, when she kissed her best friend on the forehead and finally noticed that she was also into girls! She had a lot to think about that night."

There was chaos on the train, someone pulled the emergency stop and of course the driver first asked what was going on, because those things call the driver and don't actually stop the train, because that would be too sensible, I guess!

"And at number 5, her first day at university! Classes hadn't actually started yet then, but she met a friend for life that very day."

Someone had the sense to crash through a window and people ran out, but we couldn't, we'd been on the other side of the train and this madman was inbetween us and the broken window.

"Let's not slow down now, at number 4 we have the day she signed up for tinder in desperation! Nothing actually came of that but she had a few good laughs, as I'm sure we all have!"

We were frozen, my sister wouldn't budge so I couldn't either. I should have done something, but I wasn't strong or anything like that, and boom there went another person, dead, what was little me supposed to do? I'm no fucking saviour. I'm not wonder woman, I'm not superman, I'm not even supraman or whatever his name was from Dr. Slump!

"3! Oh, how cute. The first day at her first job. She broke down crying after a week, but hey, looking after large groups of overactive children when you're fifteen is surely stressful!"

He'd walked closer towards us then, I don't know what he was thinking, but he looked me in the eye and then pointed the gun toward my sister, the fucking asshole.

"2! The day she found out she wasn't depressed, she just had an underactive thyroid! Changed her whole life, that did!"

And... I covered her.

"But there is nothing that could top number one: The day her little sister was born."

...That's right. Nothing could top that.

A light appeared before me, like a spotlight. There was nothing else here but pitch-black darkness. There was nothing else here, for me.

Aw fuck, I fucking died, didn't I?

"We all know how strong family ties are, but this one was exceptionally strong! She acted like a mother might when her sister was in danger, even sacrificing herself when a madman rampaged on a train!"

Hehe. Mum had joked pretty often that I was taking on the role of mother for my little sister.

"Her little sister was unharmed, the madman being held back from behind after she was shielded, and lived a fantastic life after the incident! Even though she certainly needed therapy after having someone die on top of her."

As long as she's fine. It's the only thing that matters.

Feeling weirdly serene about the whole situation, I walked into the light.

"Don't forget to like and subcribe for new content every day!"

Oh, fuck off.