I stared at the brave little mouse, which was more gladiator than rodent with its makeshift weapons and armor. 

"What the hell?" I murmured, as I inched closer to look at him. 

He was breathing extremely fast, and while uncertain about my intentions, seemed intent on catching his breath before fleeing. 

"Hey there, little guy..." I said as I layed next to the tiny warrior. "Am I hallucinating, or are you the real deal?"

The mouse dropped the plastic sword pick, and put his tiny hands on his armor-layered hips while standing upright. 

"Holy shit." I said. "Can you talk? Or how about you squeek--"

The mouse shook his head no, and pointed in the direction of the kitten that was batting a plastic bottle cap around the room. 

"Oh, right." I said, continually amazed at how clever Mister Splinter was. "Can I call you Mister Splinter?"

The mouse shrugged as if to say he didn't care. 

"Well if we're going to be roommates we should know each other's names, dontcha think?" I said with a smile. "I'm Joe."

The battle-worn Mouse picked up his fractured yellow sword and scurried back a few steps. 

"Oh, sorry." I realized I should be more sensitive about bearing my teeth. "I promise I don't mean you any harm, even if you were trying to kill my cat."

The mouse looked over my right shoulder toward the television. A tv spot for a network showing of the movie *300* was just ending. When I looked back at the mouse he was mimicking the moves made by the soldiers. 

"You like to fight, huh?" 

The mouse stopped, faced me, and slowly shook his head no. 

"You do it because you have to."

I realized that the poor little guy probably has more enemies in and around my home than I was even aware of. 

A tinge of guilt twisted inside me like a hot thorn. It occurred to me that the feisty little fella's fears and desires would still be valid even if he was just a regular little house rodent. Why does his higher intelligence make his pain and suffering more unbearable? 

"I can help you." I said. "I'll buy some cages, and tubes, and build you a fortress with food, shelter, everything you need. Would you like that?"

The mouse seemed to consider it for a moment. Then he held up one hand as if telling me to stay there, and he darted toward the hallway closet. He vanished underneath the door. 

I realized that I had been interacting with a creature whose existence should have shaken my sense of sanity. With the mouse no longer before me I was forced to consider that I may be going insane. Nonetheless, I didn't move, and I kept my eyes fixed on the bottom of the closet door. 

A few moments later, not one, but two mice poked their heads out from under the door. Mister Splinter had himself a girlfriend it looked like. 

"Of course, she can live there, too." I said before smiling with my lips closed. 

Then 3 more mice exposed themselves beneath the door. 

"Yes, Mister Splinter, they are all welcome." I assured him. "I'll go buy supplies right now."

He and his family disappeared back into the closet, and I scrambled for my shoes. 

That's when I noticed my kitten pawing at the tv remote. I would have thought it was adorable except for the fact that she was staring at the television while she did so, watching the channel change from one to the next. 

I watched my cat settle on the animal planet before laying like a burrito. 

I looked down to be certain that the remote wasn't actually in *my* hand. 

My phone buzzed. 

"Hello?"

*"Joe, you're not going to believe what my dog did today."* my brother said. 