I stroll into my son’s house. I must say I am feeling pretty good today, the weather is perfect. Not too hot with a refreshing breeze that washes away all your cares. I am beyond pumped for my great great great grandson’s birthday party that I am arriving for. I just know Billy is going to love this firetruck I got him, he loves firetrucks. This one has working sirens and a ladder that extends out almost a foot. I spent a lot of time picking it out and feel good about my choice.

“Hey everybody, where is the birthday bo… oh no, not again with this.” I knew as soon as I say only my adult relatives sitting around the living room that this was no birthday party.

“Dad, come in and have a seat. We are here because we love you.” My son Scott said motioning to an open seat in the middle of the room.

“I don’t need or want an intervention.” I could feel the anger building inside me. I tried to quell the fires of rage. I know this is my family and they are doing it because they love me. But dammit this is the third freaking intervention. I told them to leave me alone about this.

“Please dad, just have a seat and hear us out. If after we all take our turn having our say you want to leave, then that is fine.” Scott is almost pleading with me. That boy, I guess I shouldn’t call him boy as he is 105, sure knows how to tug at the old heart strings. 

“Fine, but I can’t promise I will stay the entire time.” I walked into the room and sat in my designated chair.

“Ok, I’ll start.” Scott takes a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and slowly unfolds it. I wondered to myself if he wrote this fresh for every intervention or just edited the old copy. 

“Dad, let me start by saying that I love you dearly. We all do, but you have to know that your decisions effect all of us. Your decision to continue to live brings us all great shame and embarrassment. People in the neighborhood look at us funny and snicker. They say things, everywhere we go. People won’t let their kids play with the kids.” Scott began to tear up, he fought it back as hard as he could. Bracing against the wave of emotion like a super hero holding up a damn against a tidal wave.

“Dad, I’m 105 now. Me and Mary..” He glances over at his wife seated on the couch “We are planning our exit day in 5 years. How can I do that when my father is still alive? What do I tell the great great grandkids or even the great great great grandkids when they ask why you are still alive when everyone else’s Great Great Great grandfather has moved on? What should I tell them Dad? What?”

“Scott, I don’t care what everyone else does. I don’t want to die. I enjoy life.” I can’t believe how much emotion is invested in wanting me to die.

“Dad, I know that immortality and choosing your end time became a new concept in your lifetime, but the rest of your generation has seemed to grasp it. You check out gracefully at 110 years old, 115 max. Dad you are 130 years old for Christ sake!” The anger built in Scott. He was a lot like me, he didn’t get angry easily but when he did it burned white hot.

“Dad, let me handle this.” My grandson Steve stood up and put a hand on Scott’s shoulder. “Grandpa, you know I love you. I really do, but this can’t go on. Your time is past. You need to move on with some dignity.”

I think to myself what the hell does this kid know he is only 71. I didn’t know my rear end from a hole in the ground at 71. I really need to get out of here. The real shame is that Billy isn’t going to get this fire truck today. It really is a sweet firetruck; the sirens are so darn loud. I bet he uses them to scare the cats or chase his sisters. That ladder is going to be awesome with his action figures climbing to save the day.

“Are you even listening to me Grandpa?” Steve looks really frustrated. I better end this before people get really worked up. I can’t handle this from the 9 other people in the room.

“I am just reflecting Steve. Your words really touched me.” I need to get out of this place. I don’t know that anyone has had such a large group of people in a room that loved them and really wanted them to die. It kind of makes me chuckle on the inside, better keep that inside or people will flip out. In my day they called it gallows humor, it’s a shame that term is no longer used. Everyone is so serious now.

“Really?” Steve’s face flashed a look of surprise. I glanced over at Scott and his face also flashed shock but I could see a healthy dose of skepticism mixing its way in.

“Really. I am calling myself a car and I will go setup the arrangements now. On one condition though.” I used the net chip in my head to summon a car to pick me up. I promised a big tip if they could be here in under 5 minutes.

“What’s the condition dad? I hope this isn’t some kind of joke.” Scott raised himself from his seat on the couch. 

“Nothing too crazy son. I just want a big party with all my family to send me away. I am talking food, boozes, all the grandkids and greats and great greats. I just want to be sent off in style. I don’t think that is too much to ask is it?” I quickly pull up my status on my ride and eta is 1 minute, it is amazing that with all that has changed in the world that the one thing unfazed by time is the motivation provided by a little extra money.

“Of course not dad. I am soo happy that you finally made the decision. Trust me, it is the right call.” The skepticism and shock in Scott’s face had washed out completely and was replaced with relief and joy. 

“I know son; I have fought you all for far too long. Sorry to be such a pain. My car is arriving, everyone get on in here for a hug. “The car eta timer was now down to 20 seconds. The whole family converged on me like zombies on fresh meat for a big hug. Waves of relief flowed through the group.

“Thank you all for caring enough to put this together, I have to go now.” I moved out of the circle of family and walked to the door. My car was pulling in the driveway. Scott peeled away from the group that was now talking amongst themselves with words of congratulations and excitement. 

“So you are going to set it up? Right now?” Scott asked peering into my eyes like he was trying read my thoughts. 

“That’s right.” I replied as I put my hand on the door handle. The car in the driveway honked once.

“Call me as soon as you’re done. Please?” Scott asked

“You got it son.” I began to open the door and walk out.

“Dad.”

“Yes son?”
“I love you.” 

“I love you to Scott.” 

With that I walked out of the house and got into my ride.

“Where to?” The Driver asked

“The nearest bar, with great haste. I need a drink like ten minutes ago.” 
