It's not exactly unnerving to wake up in Atlanta, and open the windows to cloudy skies and frigid temps, then as soon as you pour your coffee the clouds are gone, the sun is shining, and it's seventy degrees. That's called "March". Sometimes we call it "February" or "October" or "Tuesday".

What is unnerving is when you're sitting outside, enjoying the first smoke of the day, coffee in hand, and the clouds suddenly return. I'm not talking about one or two puffs floating lazily across the sky. I'm talking about a thick blanket of cumulo-stratus condensation with all fifty shades of grey plus a few I'd never heard of, and they suddenly cover the entire sky. If that wasn't enough, a clap of thunder followed and I heard a voice boom overhead.

"Hello? Hello? Is this thing on?"

My eyes dropped to my cigarette. Nope, didn't mix up the cannabis with the tobacco. And my coffee was not Irish today.

"Tesla, I swear to Me if you wired this...oh? Oh. Shit." The voice cleared his throat. "Ahem. Greetings, people of Earth!"

"Do you hear that?" my neighbour Susan shouted to me from across the street. I looked up and saw she wasn't alone; everyone had come outside to stare at the sky in wonder.

"I hear it," my neighbour Ted replied. "Sounds almost like Morgan Freeman."

"I am speaking to you with the voice of Morgan Freeman," the voice went on, "as it would seem you have all decided to associate his magnificent voice with Me. I'm actually quite honoured."

"You've got to be kidding me." I stood up and shouted to the sky. "Is it really You? Are You actually talking to us?"

There was a hearty chuckle as God Himself replied, "Indeed, Jerry Grainger. It is I, Yahweh, Jehovah, your Creator, the god of Abraham, and I am leaving you."

My eyebrows shot up. "Leaving us? What?"

Thunder rolled overhead. There was an exasperated sigh. "Jesus, could you pause that game for just a minute while I finish this? Thank you." He cleared his throat again. "Yes, I am leaving you. I have been asked to assume the deital duties of several planets in the Andromeda Galaxy while a suitable replacement is found for the Great Prophet Zarquon."

"Oh dear," I said. "Has something happened to him?" I realised what I was doing and shook my head. "Is this even real? Are you actually speaking to me?"

"I am speaking to all My children," God replied. "Listen carefully, Jerry. And put out that cigarette. I gave you that body that you would keep it as you would a temple, and you have made it into a trailer park."

I dropped my cigarette into the ashtray on the front step. Across the street I saw the neighbours watching me, confused looks on their faces.

"That's better," God said. "As I was saying, I am going to the Andromeda galaxy for a while. The Great Prophet Zarquon is on administrative leave for now. Best not to say why.

"Anyway, I have chosen someone to act in my stead while I am gone. I have chosen a man who I admire greatly for his devotion to family, his kind spirit, and his personal sacrifice for the greater good."

Susan clapped her hands excitedly. "Jesus is coming! Jesus is coming!"

I would have agreed with her, but then I heard God chuckle.

"No, Jesus is coming with me," God said. "I speak of another, of a man who gave his life many years ago, a hero that mankind forgot. I have granted him all my powers and he shall guide you in my stead until I return.

"Children of Earth…meet Bob.."

And lo, I saw with my own eyes the hero of Hawkins as he strolled down the street. His tan jacket looked brand-new, his tie was straight, and his hair was combed neatly. He waved to my neighbours, who gawked.

I found myself walking to the kerb. He paused when he reached me, and I had to wipe away the tears from my eyes.

"Well," I said softly, "I hope you finally got the justice you deserve."