It had been three weeks since Betty had last spoken to her son. Three weeks of pottering aimlessly around the house just trying to keep busy, whilst always hoping to hear the metallic jangle of the house phone. 

When it did finally ring her heart began to beat fast. She broke into a fast shuffle and almost stumbled down the stairs in her excitement. 

'Hello. You could be entitled to free phone cal-'

As she hung up the phone her heart sank down into her slippers. She walked up the stairs and entered Thomas's old room. She fished out an old costume she had knitted for him back when he was just getting started. It had a big golden albatross emblazoned on it. She huddled up to it and wept.

When Betty awoke she was resolute. She *would* see her son. Betty went to her little work room and took to her knitting equipment. She began her work. It had been a while and her fingers weren't as nimble as they once were.

The next day she stared proudly infront of the full length mirror in the bathroom. The tan coloured cougar costume was fairly accurate. The paunch of her stomach stretched the latex more than she would have wanted, but the long sleek tail made up for it. Anyway, the costume wasn't important, not really.

She took out her deceased husbands old berretta, God bless his soul, and waited until evening. 

The Bingo hall was full. She walked in and breathed deeply. After saying a little prayer she went ahead with her plan. She pulled out her weapon and shot it into the roof. They handed over the nights prize money easy enough. 

She felt very bad about scaring all the people who were only out for a fun night. She saw two of her friends seated nearby, Martha and Lenny. She gave them a quick wave before realising what she was doing. Martha looked confused but waved back. Betty left as quickly as she could.

She made the morning paper. They called her the Crawling Cougar - she supposed it was on account of her leisurely speed.

Her next heist went even better than the first. It was during the third Bingo hall heist that he finally turned up, but things hadn't gone to plan. 

The Albatross had flown in heroically through the Bingo hall roof. Rubble and detritus rained down from the hole he had created and a large piece of concrete landed on Betty. 

Albatross walked over and threw the rubbish off of her but it was too late; the damage was done. Her ribs had been crushed and a pool of blood gathered around her.

'I - I only wanted to see *cough* you Thomas. I'm sorry for the trouble I caused.'

The Albatross gently peeled off her mask and began to sob.

'Don't cry Thomas. I'm so glad I got to see you one last time.' 

Her head fell limply to the side and her eyes closed one. There was a tiny smile on her wrinkled face.
