Shadow Man Wrapped the Darkness on the rooftop around the mans arms and neck. Not tight enough to actually hurt him but enough so that he would feel it. On the ground was a duffle bag that had been stuffed with cash but had now spilled everywhere "I want you to remember what happened here today..."


"Save it Tom Its me."


He paused for a moment then dragged the darkness away from the mans face to see him better. "Dad? What are you doing here?" He asked as he set him down.


"Well since you never call anymore I thought this was the best way to get your attention."


"Dad, I've been a little busy. How did you even know It was me?"


"Oh please, I remember that phase you went through in high school. That costume looks pretty familiar."


Tom looked down at himself in mild embarrassment. "Dad you could have just called me."


"You never answer."


"And now you know why! You call at the most inconvenient times. In case you didn't notice some serious shit has started happening over the last few months."


"Language Tommy." a woman's voice said behind him. She had a ski mask on, a black turtle neck, and a similar bag to the one his father had.


"Mom? are you Fucking Serious right now?"


"Language Tommy, you'll never find a nice girl with that mouth."


He briefly thought about telling them that he had been seeing someone but then decided against it. "Guys, You didn't have to do this."


"You haven't been at thanksgiving in two years."


"Last year Lightning rod tried to build a death ray and the year before I had to work overtime."


"You haven't been at Christmas in five."


"Okay for one thing a portal to hell opened last year and for another you always invite Aunt Susan and you know she never shuts up about her son making partner and incidentally his firm works for the Russian Mafia but I just have to keep civil."

"You could at least call us once in a while."


"I'm a super hero for fucks sake I don't.... Never mind." He said as his phone buzzed. He pulled it out and looked at it for a moment " Look there's a real bank robbery and the rest of the trio is busy. Mom, Dad, you are going to take those costumes off and bring that money back. I'll try and call more often okay?" He jumped off the roof and vanished into a shadow on the wall.


"Will you be there for Easter Dinner?" His mother called out to him as he zoomed into the distance.
 
*****


Tom Walked into the high tech fortress where the trio met. Captain Amazing was slumped backwards in a chair and Lady Calamity was drinking coffee. Calamity noticed him walk in first. "Tom are you okay? You look Terrible."


"Thanks Shay. My parents robbed a convenience store to get my attention."


"Oh. I'm sorry. That sucks. Why did they do that?"


"I haven't called or been over in a while and they wanted me too, so they decided robbing a place was a good idea."


"My Parents are dead." Captain Amazing said after waking up with a start.


"Yes Wesley. We know." Tom said after a minute. "What about you Shay, do you keep in contact with your parents?"


"My Parent's won't talk to me."


"Cause of the superhero thing?"


"No cause of the Lesbian thing."


"Oh." Tom said, then went silent. "I guess I'll give them a call."