They woke me earlier than normal, so I knew it must have been some kind of holiday. I was part-way through another epic adventure when I was pulled into the world of the dead. My mother’s face was close to mine. I could smell the mint of the toothpaste on her breath as her hand cupped my face.

“Happy Birthday my darling boy. Nine years old! How fast you’ve grown!” she said.

To her, it was a blink, but to me, an eternity. My father stood in the door frame with a wrapped gift in his hands and an easy smile on his face. A gold bow, the kind with the stick-on back, adorned the top of the box.

I didn’t care what was in it. The world of the dead held nothing for me. These interludes of what others called reality was simply a slow-moving test of endurance to those of us who could visit the Library.

So far, I was the only one who could visit it every night. There were always others, and they joined me too. I kept those friends for a year, and then they were sent back to the world of the dead to die too. They only had a year to learn what they needed to learn, and most of them saw it as a curse. But it’s not. The word of the dead is the curse.

My parents were so concerned with things that didn’t really matter. Their essence had been dimmed where mine shone. They were trapped here in the cosmic nightmare of reality when all I had to do was endure each day until sleep came.

They yelled at each other when they think I can’t hear them. Sometimes it pulls me out of the Library for weeks and months at a time. I lay awake in my bed, listening to two people who are supposed to love each other tear themselves apart. The monsters under my bed are not as terrifying as the things they say to each other.

They talk about me without ever listening to a word I say. I try to tell them about the Library, and that I would rather be there than where I am. They say it’s a child’s fancy, an imaginary place like an imaginary friend, yet they are the ones obsessed with buying shiny things with imaginary value to impress their friends.

They bandy about words like *diagnosis* and *on the spectrum* and *learning difficulties*. They take me to doctors who don’t believe me when I tell them the truth. I don’t fit with their understanding of how the world should work, so they disregard me.

The only thing that really matters is imagination. My mind is a fine-tuned instrument, and they simply do not understand that I can create and destroy worlds within the power of my own mind. But theirs is not one that I can banish, at least not without help.

The Library is my place. It’s where I belong.

Something connects my soul to it, so there is only one option. I must set my soul free, so it can live in the Library forever. I can help others learn what they need to bring life to the world of the dead, but life is not my destiny.

I know where my mother keeps her sleeping pills. Finally, I will be free.