Millenia ago, when the collective imagination of humanity birthed us, we were rabble. One of us was fire, one the cold wind at night. One of us was the heavy blow of a club, one the secretive slip of a knife.

I was the laughter of the fox, the giggle of the child.

-

Our children/our parents... humans, I suppose, are different now. They’ve pulled themselves into the sky on tottering towers of metal and glass. They speak of us less, but they honor us all the same.

She who was of fire is now the inferno of creativity. Her brilliance inspires poems and tales, speeches and love letters.

He who was night is now the Freudian slip. The unbidden words, the ice in your soul given voice.

She who was the club is the heavy beat of chants in a crowd. She is the last cry before the riot.

He who was the knife is the double entendre, he’s the smirking voice from the podium. He glad hands with one sentence, undercuts with the other.

I am the nursery rhyme. The least changed, the most ignored. I’m a comforting rhythm with a shocking twist.

-

Our champions stand in a bright room. Humans don’t expect their gods to appear before them and anoint them champions. Even we didn’t expect to need humans so purely, but there’s an opening and we have to fill it.

They need our attention—that’s how they’ll win. She of the fire’s champion’s voice is musical, addicting, and her poetry filled with fury. I can see my fellow gods glancing her way from the start.

He of the night’s strides across the floor, cracking jokes that make grandmother’s toes curl. His voice chafes as loudly as his jokes, but it works. I can see my fellows yearning to laugh with him, to share their own bawdy tales.

-

Before our champions took the stage, we were given a few moments to give or gifts, and our words of wisdom.

She was nervous. I can’t blame her. And I didn’t help—my pre-teen body, my soft but musical voice. I don’t inspire confidence. Let alone when I hand her a an old musket that doesn’t fire anymore. 

“You need to win attention over the others. You have several options. You can speak louder, have prettier words, command the stage better. Or, you can be the last one standing. My gift to you is to remember our roots. Sticks and stones WILL break bones, and words can never hurt you.”

-

When the first champion goes down, it’s oddly quiet. Mine isn’t used to killing, so her first blow makes him stagger, but her second knocks him down. Her third sends a spray of bones and blood and brains onto her jacket.

None of the other champions notice—they are enraptured in the gifts of gab and showmanship bestowed upon them. They worship themselves before us. But my fellow gods, oh they notice. They look worried.

She takes her position behind the next champion, the second-to-worst presenter, and her first blow knocks him silent to the ground. On she goes, working her way to the loudest and brassiest. 

Until, in the end, she is the last. I hurdle the railing, fall to the ground, and laugh. “Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words can never hurt me. You all forgot, and now you regret.” 

Oh the fury. They are so angry, but they admit, no  other champion owns their attention. And she rises, and she knows, it’s all because of me.