######[](#dropcap)

*Stop.* 

Kaden ignored the voice this time. 

*I said STOP.* 

"Everything is about you. How kind you are, how nice you are." He ignored the hurt look in Alya's eyes. "I never measure up in my family's eyes. You're the daughter they wanted, and I'm just the son they used to get you. I hope you're happy." He walked out the door and slammed it shut behind him. 

For the first time in a long time, the voice was silent. 

He closed his eyes, taking a deep, shaky breath. He'd finally silenced it. 

This...thing had been nagging him for over a year now. For a year, he'd been held hostage, performing good deeds and going out and taking the trash instead of sitting on the couch while his wife did for the last five years of their marriage. Something had come over him, and the only explanation he could give was possession. 

But for the first time in a long time...he'd been happy. He loved seeing the sparkle in Alya's eyes whenever he did something nice for her. 

*Buy her a bouquet.* 

*Massage her feet.* 

*Go to her favorite orphanage.* 

He wasn't afraid to admit he was selfish before. But it was more a lazy selfishness than a chronic one, borne out of an apathy to what people thought of him and a lack of care for others. For a short period of his life, he'd wondered if he was sociopathic. 

Annoyed, Kaden went to his favorite bar, Mac's. He sat down on a stool. "Vodka tonic," he grunted at his long-time friend, Jack. Then, after fighting with himself internally for a bit, he said, "Never mind. Just a coke." 

Jack, a handsome man in his thirties, glanced at the sour expression on his friend's face as he poured him the non-alcoholic beverage. "What's wrong this time?"  

"Alya," Kaden said, taking a large swig. "We fought again." 

Jack rolled his eyes. Kaden was stubborn as hell, and Alya could be a little dense sometimes. She was the kindest person he'd ever met, but God help him if she didn't understand emotional cues. 

"What'd you fight about?" Jack tried to keep his tone light, as if he was just asking out of curiosity rather than a desperate need to help his useless friend keep the best thing that had ever happened to him.

But Kaden didn't answer. Instead, he stared at his glass and watched as the bubbles frothed up to the surface. "Do you believe in demons?" 

Jack raised his eyebrows. He didn't. "Sure. Yeah, I believe in personal demons." 

Kaden didn't bother noting that he'd changed the meaning on purpose. "What about personal angels?" 

Now he was really confused. "Wait, you mean like some little voice in your head telling you to do good?" 

Kaden grunted an affirmative. "For the past year, I think I've got one. Just this...little voice in my head, telling me what to do. Telling me that I'm a good person, and that I can do better than this." 

"Some people might call that a conscience." 

"Oh, fuck off. I mean like an actual voice. Not my own. It's a lady's. I can tell that difference at least." 

Jack leaned over the bar. Did he believe in the supernatural? No. But for his friend's sake, he'd entertain the notion of it for a split second or two. 

"What else does this lady say?" 

"It's not...it's just ever since this voice has been in my head, I've been on the straight and narrow. Everything's looked up. I got a promotion, Alya's been ecstatic, I'm not tired and depressed anymore, and..." He trailed off, then gave a wry smile. "I was doing fine until my father got drunk and confessed he'd never wanted me. And then I took it out on Alya...." He sighed, resting his head on the counter. 

Jack took the empty glass from his friend's hand. He wasn't even drunk and he was spilling all the beans. 

"You know," he said, "a conscience can come in many forms." Kaden didn't raise his head, but Jack knew he was listening. "Sometimes, it can be our own moral compass, telling us that we should be a better person for ourselves. And other times, a voice reminds us how deeply we desire to be a greater person for another. Because we want to do better by them."   

Alya's face flashed into Kaden's mind, and the female voice he'd been hearing began to blend with hers in his mind until they became one and the same.

Jack patted his friend's back. "Go home. Follow your voice." 

***** 

r/AlannaWu