"What happened?" Ricky screamed. 
From someplace far away, it seemed, Officer Wayne answered, "I gave her a bite to eat and she was fine. Then, suddenly, she fell out, I swear!" Ricky checked her pulse as bullets fell from his brow. While his face remained stern, his eyes seemed to relax, "Her pulse is faint, but she's alive." 

"Do you think it's the cancer?" I asked, my heart pounding as well. 

Officer Ricky regarded me and turned away, "There's no way to tell--" He turned his nose up in the air like a drug dog searching for meth. "Darrell," he said, "What's in that sandwich?" 

"Some bacon, grape jelly, bananas and peanut butter, " Officer Wayne replied. 

"Shit," Ricky replied, "I told you she was allergic to peanut butter!" He rummaged through his desk and tried to find an epipen, but he slammed the desk drawer shut, "Does anyone have an epipen?" He shouted.

Everyone in the area shifted awkwardly.

"Someone call the hospital!" Ricky yelled. His voice was becoming broken with pain. The reality that his baby girl could live through chemotherapy but die by a peanut allergy was beginning to set in like a morning dew. 

"I'm a doctor!" I intruded, "I've got an epipen in my medical bag if someone will go get it." 

"Absolutely not," Officer Ricky spat. "I'm not letting you around my daughter! How am I supposed to know you're telling the truth?" 

"Ricky, please! We don't have time for this. The last time I saw an ambulance on this side of town, there were race riots going on. She won't last another three minutes at this rate!" 

As if to validate my point, a female officer said, "Ricky, we're losing her! Her pulse is getting faint!" I looked at Sarah and took notice of the blue hue her face was taking on. 

The officer looked between his daughter and I. 
"Get him his bag." 

As quick as I can say "go," my family heirloom was back in my possession. I knelt next to the child and opened my bag. I caught her father stealing a glance into the void the bag held, but I didn't care. Sarah was fading faster than what I'd originally thought. 

Praying that my hand would reappear with an epipen and not another gun, I plunged my hand into the bag. It was cold in there, as usual, but this time, instead of feeling metal touching my finger tips, I felt plastic. In one swift motion, I pulled the epipen out, took the cap off and stuck the needle into her leg. 30 seconds later, her face began to regain its natural color and she burst back to normal living by gasping for air. 

Ricky dove into the floor to hold his child, "Oh, my baby! I'm so happy you're okay!" He wept as he held Sarah close to his breast as she coughed from the lack of oxygen. 

While the father and daughter held each other close, I was escorted back to the interrogation room and, much to my chagrin, my bag was returned to lockup. 

Oddly enough, I sat in the interrogation room longer the second time than I did the first. Again, Officer Ricky walked into the room, but this time, he had two manilla folders. 

He laid them down on the table and locked the door behind him, "Thank you for saving my little girl. I can't express my gratitude enough." I wanted to take his words at face value, but I couldn't shake the feeling that there would be a "but" somewhere soon. 

He unlocked my handcuffs and put them aside, "But..." A shiver went down my spine, "I don't know what kind of magic, hocus pocus you pulled out there, but you and I both know there was nothing in that bag before you pulled that epipen out." 

I opened my mouth to explain, but he stopped, me, "Daniel Smith, 27: no kids. Wife: Mary Lucille Smith, 25, no kids. Mr. Smith's occupation: mD. Everything checks out--you're a real person and you are who you say you are." I stared at him incredulously, "Don't worry. None of this is going in the books. Unless..." 

"Unless?" I repeated.

"Unless you tell me about that bag." 

My heart skipped a beat. Telling non-family members about the bag wasn't just something you could do. It was almost like breaking a rule--and breaking familial rules could lead to consequences concerning the bag. Many times, the information had been given out to people who were "like" family, but never to complete strangers. 

"I've got two folders here. One of them contains all of your information and a guilty plea. Say you don't tell me about that bag of yours, I put this information into the system and I'll see you in court about four to five days from now. You'll be staying in the jail until then of course." 

I gulped, sweat running down my forehead, "And what about the other one?" 

"Say you do tell me about the bag. The folder contains a not guilty plea that will go down to one of my real careless buddies. He's entered the wrong information on a few court cases that has gotten them thrown out. We can call your lawyer and he can tell us a bunch of legal mumbo jumbo and you'll somehow get to go home within the next hour and I'll never see your face at this precinct ever again." 

My freedom for some information about a magical family heirloom? My hand was being forced, but when I was at the pinnacle of making a decision, I had an idea--an idea that very well could backfire. Officer Ricky's aura was entirely different than when I first arrived. He no longer felt hostile or suspicious, and that was a sign that I could really enjoy. 

"You're bullshitting me, " I said as I got up from my chair. 
"Excuse me?" He asked.
"There's nothing in that 'Guilty' folder, is there?" I accused, and Ricky remained silent, his lips curving at the sides. I placed my finger on the manila folder and pushed it off the side of the table and began to walk, just waiting for the sound of multiple papers to hit the floor. 

All I heard was the folder. 

I walked out of the door frame, "You're welcome for saving your daughter--I'm just glad I could help. Maybe you can really repay me if we go and get a beer sometime. Just not tonight. I've got to go call my lawyer so he can come up here and say some mumbo jumbo so I can go home in an hour or so."
