*WN: Going to be slightly changing the prompt*

---
"Bag, could you pass us that bottle of Ghost Pepper Sauce? We're dealing with a problem of *gastronomic* proportions here!"

I put down my book and slid a bookmark in. "Sure! One moment." Standing up from my IKEA recliner, I put the book down and started along the many isles of shelving that made my workplace. Truthfully, finding the ghost pepper sauce was not going to be a challenge. I had done it many times before -- it takes a lot of heat to make a superhero sweat. They probably were just having some sort of crazy dare going on again. I was no matter to me. I get paid extraordinarily well for my role in this particular branch of the government.

Thinking back to the day I found this job in an ad made me smile as I crossed the carpeted floor (which was an absolute pain to install, let me tell you). It was for a secretarial role but came with a few eyebrow-raising additional caveats, not least the heavy level of security clearance, the long hours of isolation and the ability to assemble furniture. Shelves. Lots of shelves.

I'm a shelving expert now. Well, shelving, carpet (shag is a lot comfier than tile, let me tell you what) and the Dewey decimal system (the sauce would be at 641.638). I remembered my surprise when I met with the Scout. He was somewhat unassuming, of middling height and a fairly stocky build, but the most impressive thing about him wasn't him. It was his bag. Bags of holding didn't quite obey the laws of physics. It was much larger  on the inside than it was on the outside, and that meant that the Scout could bring a lot of objects into any situations he might have found himself in. Another person more curious than me might have tried to find out just how large this bag was, but it wasn't in my job description, so I'm happy where I am.

Sauce bottle found, I made my way back to my recliner and climbed the ladder up towards the large circle suspended about 2 metres above the carpeted floor. "Here's the sauce, but you've only got two left. You'll have to get more soon."

"Cheers!" Another arm reached in through the circle and took the bottle from me. Job done, I settled back into my recliner and got started on my book once again. My parents were initially very much against what I was doing, what with the fact that I was putting myself in mortal danger and everything, but truthfully, it had been one of the least stressful jobs I've had to perform. It sure beat retail -- my boss is always happy with my work, and the work is varied. When I wasn't on retrieval duty while in the bag, I was either building more shelves from parts that were passed into the bag one by one, or working on keeping the catalogue up to date. Even though I spent a lot of time 'off the clock' outside the bag, I still got paid, as I was technically a sidekick (although my assigned name sucked), so that was cool. In a last attempt to persuade me not to take the job, they asked me what would happen if the Bag was taken by a villain. What would I do then? I shrugged and told them I'd take the risk.

The next day I bought a pair of scissors.


