Months of this-prepubescent social agony-I haven’t felt in years came flooding back, and behind it, an absolution that was never given during those horribly confusing and tumultuous times.  A reason that made sense.  Well, as much sense as finding out that you’re invisible can make.  

A familiar feeling of that time was also playfully effused.  She looked... beautiful!

The word, the concept, escaped me for a moment.  Beauty has forever been defined by TV and magazines and until that moment, I don’t really think I ever knew what it was.  Until I saw her!

Someone who seemingly knows their invisible can be anyone they want!  But. most likely they end up being who they really are.  She was incredible.  Wearing a Mets hat, light teal jacket, cargo shorts and oversized Jordan’s with tube socks, she looked like she was on some post apocalyptic vacation.  Why she was wearing a bulletproof vest really didn’t matter, it somehow makes sense when you feel like the world as you know it is completely over with.

Here I am, super well dressed for my tastes because months of neglect led me to obsess about my looks.  Her seemingly unimpressed reaction of me left me somewhat self-conscious.     I immediately yearned to be more like her, to be free like her.

“Holy SHIT!” I cried.  My voice echoing off in the distance as people nearby seem startled.

“Craaazy huh!?...  I know.  Takes awhile to get used to but here’s the most important thing realize: You’re not dead and you’re not alone.”  She said.  

“I’m invisible!!!” I screeched.

Immediately she tackled me with her hands over my mouth.  “We don’t say that!  People can’t know.  I know this is crazy and that your scared and have questions... just calm down!  This is good I promise.”

We both got up and as we did my nose accidentally touched her neck.  The giggle she made and the gentle smell of her skin pretty much did it.  I was going try not to but I knew I was in trouble.  

“C’mon Charlie!  I got some place to take you!” she whispered.  

“Wait, how do you know my name?” I asked.  Nobody has called me Charlie since my last life.







