"I was dead."

I looked down on my corpse and simply thought "I was dead". It was a strange feeling looking at your own dead body. You notice little things that you never could in a mirror, like a spot on your forehead or the tiny birthmark on your neck or the sodding hammer jutting out of your skull. I suppose I deserved that from hiring the cheapest mechanic I could find to fix my car, although I'm still not sure how he pulled this one off. He was staring over my dead body, head in hands, screaming about "how could this have happened" and "Oh the horror" or something.  "Well" I thought "That's that body done for! On to pastures new I guess?". I turned to walk away and saw a figure dressed in all black, carrying a scythe that was probably compensating for something, and beckoning to me to come forward.

"How the bloody hell did you do that?" he yelled at me, pointing to the corpse that was mine and had a hammer in its skull. "He... isn't a very good mechanic." I finally said back after a while. "Oh, forget it, just follow me." he said after burying his face in a skeletal hand. He was about 6 ft and had a bit of a East End accent going despite the fact that he didn't have any of the necessary organs to do so. 

"Sorry but where are we going?" I asked as I jogged to keep up with him. "Oh, you know, heaven, Valhalla, beyond. Whatever you call the after life. You seem to be taking the being dead thing rather well. I mean, most of the idiots I have to pick up usually are a bit more worried about the whole thing." he replied. He seemed to be eyeing me up, wondering whether he should throw me back into my body or not, at this point my body had roughly half its front lobe missing. "Yeah, well... I wasn't exactly doing great with the whole "living" thing so I guess I haven't lost much." This seemed to change his mood from grumpy to pissed. "Oh I see now, a bloody suicidal! Do you know how much harder my life has gotten from idiots like you topping themselves?! I've got to ferry some stupid bastard who blew his brains out over some tart leaving him every other week!" his voice (despite the lack of an actual throat) was going horse from the sheer anger he was feeling. "Ok, I'm sorry, I didn't off myself anyway so there's no point getting mad at me." I said back, displaying my palms for no apparent reason since neither of us could really die. "Yeah well, I haven't had a break in roughly 10000 years, its a bit annoying when some poor bastard makes my life harder because he couldn't be a bit more patient and die when he was supposed to. Oh and before you say anything about "living conditions" and context you should probably remember that I've been doing this far longer than you. Its not like I can just die and toss this job off on someone else." He glared at me with eyeless sockets.

We reached a massive river, with bodies flowing downstream, their bodily fluids turning the water a sickly green, Illuminated by a red moon high above the sky. A small boat was docked on the bank. "Get in" Death said to me, pointing to the boat with a bony thumb. I was a bit hesitant due to the hundreds of corpses I had already seen flow down the river. "Er... are you sure there's no other way?" I asked. He gave me a look which probably would have been more meaningful if he actually had eyes. "You're already dead, just get in the boat and try not to fall out." 

We set sail down the river, the stench was unbearable but I suppose death didn't care much, he didn't have a nose. Suddenly, from out of the putrid waves I saw a hand reach toward me. It was rotting and bone was visible in some areas. It grabbed hold of my arms and started pulling me toward the water, at this point I had gotten over the shock of being dead and I started to react appropriately." AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH! GET AWAY! GET AWAY! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" I couldn't hold on for much longer but then in one swift moment, Death raised his scythe above his head and swung it down on the undead arm trying to drag me under, severing it from its body and it disintegrated a moment later. "Would you stop screaming you stupid prick?!" he yelled. Clearly I was still screaming and I hadn't noticed. "Yeah... thanks." I said sheepishly. "well, its me job." he replied with the grumpy voice I  had grown quite accustomed to. He then noticed another zombie trying to climb into the boat. It was female this time, with maggots falling out of the holes where her face used to be and one of her legs were missing. "Braiiiiins!" It moaned. "Alright love, back in you go." Death said while unceremoniously poking her back into the river with the bottom of his scythe. "What happened to them?" I asked, staring at the many bodies. "Oh, nothing much" Death replied "you know that body you left back on earth? Yeah well, its gonna end up here eventually. yeah don't think about it and try to keep yourself occupied. Okay we're here." 

We landed on the other side of the vast river, in front of us was a great chasm that stretched out beyond the horizon. "Here's your stop mate, jump in." Death said to me. "That looks very worrying." I replied "like I'll jump and end up in h-" Death cut me off. "Hell or something, yeah, yeah I know. A lot of people say that."   Look, just jump in. Its like going to sleep. Its peaceful and calm and stuff and trust me, I envy you." I looked at him, dead in the eye sockets. "You want to die, don't you?" I finally asked. he looked away for a bit and eventually said "What I want doesn't really matter. Once all of you lot are dead, then I can rest. In the meantime I'm going to do my job." 

"how long will that be" I asked.

Death let out a slight chuckle "About 3 or 4 years give or take" he replied.

I laughed as well, turned to the great chasm and jumped to pastures new.