It was an average Thursday, I took the t-pad (teleportation pad) to work, hooked up my muscular and cardiovascular system to the e-gym, and walked to the sustenance store. Upon my endeavor back home with my newly acquired food pills I encounter a rare unmodified, ragged female in hysterics. She runs out of the bioluminescent woods onto my path. I stop and watch from a distance as she screams in various ancient languages. Her short, sweaty, blonde hair is a mess, her glasses cracked, and torn clothes reflected a sense of disrupt, pain, anger, and dysphoria. She spots me and charges in my direction. Her mania seemed to add to her physical prowess with the speed she was using for a natural human. I examine her feet slowing to a stumble. Her body falls into me. I catch her and lay her down. Her worn face looks up at me and her dehydrated lips mutter "Pain" as her almost arthritic movements reach for her glasses.  I watch her lie on the lit path and my sensors informed me her life was fading. As her pupils dilated and started to cloud the glasses repaired themselves as her life force died. It wasn't unusual for glasses to have self-repair technology in this day and age but how did such a primitive female have modern technology? How did she get here?

I called mortality services and waited. As I stood there I analyzed my memory banks of the incident, the female procured curiosity. I retrieved the spectacles off the body, pocketed it and edited the glasses off my memory bank. Soon, mortality services came and I uploaded the falsified incident and proceeded home. I the corner T-pad would drop me off in front of my complex. 

My homeostatic state flushed over me as I opened the door and the bioluminescent plants lit up my living space. A deep sigh made its way from my lungs out my mouth and as my eyelashes danced downward I took in the tangerine scent of my home. I placed the glasses on the table and observed them like an alien specimen trying to make sense of it. Something about it didn't seem right. I attempted to see beyond its physical attributes but of course my intuition had been stunted since my last emotional upgrade.Basic methods of examination included trial and error, others suggest further contemplation before action. I decided to consolidate my day into my neural network and rest an optimal 3 hours. 

Upon reboot I noticed the glasses missing. During my body scan I noticed a magnetic force on my mastoid process. They had fused. My hormones spiked and I felt compulsive anxiety for the first time. I took a Happy Pill and took the t-pad to work. 

Once I made sure my sector of the planet was clean I went to the e-gym and hooked up my systems. Again, something was off. Why weren't my systems lining up? I knew I had it updated recently. I looked down to see dystrophic limbs, a bloated abdomen, and beautiful earth-toned skin. I examine my surroundings and I'm in some part of the sub-sahara with brothers and sisters? Reproduction had long been outdated. Almost immediately I flash back to the e-gym. Had I had a glitch? No, it must've been real in some way. I felt hungry, hot, and joyous. Starvation had long since been obsolete.

I went off to repairs to check my central neuro net. The technician said they'd never seen something so detrimental. They explained I may have a sort of time virus. I'm in decline and would soon be at primitive human state.

The t-pad wasn't accepting my body anymore and had to bike home. When it was time in the morning for me to reboot it took me 8 hours! When I awakened, the lens was cracked. I looked down mortified. My adipose tissue content tripled, my arteries were suffering from plaque build up. I was obese and couldn't breathe optimally. When I walked down my complex with great struggle I looked out onto the street where there was cancer, pollution, fossil fuels, and corruption everywhere. My face felt wet as my life work was cleaning up after this ancient scum. I was in a waking bloody nightmare.

The following night I woke up speaking old German. I was in ancient Germany as a Nazi working at a concentration camp. My heart started to palpitate as horrors filled my mind.

I continued to travel through these cracks in reality until I died in someone's arms muttering "pain".