(Please be patient, long read ahead)

"[December 30th, 1916]
We gathered him at the royal palace. We were tired of all these conspiracies. After all, we were in the middle of a war. The German High Command had sent back Lenin to stir up trouble among the peasant class and pull us out of the war. We knew we could still fight, but not with this thorn in our trousers.

Once we sat down to feast, we were handed our fine wine. His glass was laced with some of the strongest venom the Caucasus held within its mountains. Nothing, the man swallowed the wine whole. Kurwa asked for another one. We feed him more poison than what is required to kill elephants. We got tired and were waiting our time. Vladislav, my loyal servant, kindly brought him to the bathroom, he ended up guiding him out back where men were waiting to tie him up. Once he stepped out the door, he just glared at the 13 men all standing in front of him. To his side was the man with the rope. With a non-too-gentle buttstroke from one of the men's Mosin, the man was pushed to the ground and tied up. Pulled up, and tied to a pillar from the palace. After much of his negotiation, we grew tired of this disgusting looking peasant talking to us like we are equal.

His final words were "You think you can kill me? I will hunt you down and your kin until the end of time. You will have wished to have been religious as if there was a hell, you'd wish you were ther-" all 12 of the 13 men fired into his chest, one hit his neck

We thought it was some rambling by a dirty crazy peasant.

His head laid down. We thought he was done. After the men dispersed, I assigned Vladislav to go drop the body into the river. When he returned, hands bloody. He looked me in the eyes. "What did I tell you about eye contact, peasant" I demanded. He stood there staring and walked away. 30 minutes later I heard a single gunshot. Vladislav had shot himself in the head.

This was what set things in motion

[June 15th 1919] my wife was shot by a stray bullet inside a church while she was praying for our daughter who has some sort of sickness noone knows about. I'm done with this, 6 out of the 13 men involved with HIS assassination have all died from mysterious circumstances. I'm not going to let him take me"

This was on the journal of my great great grandfather. Here I lie on my deathbed from the same sickness that was ravaging his daughter. My wife was ran over by a speeding rations truck. The trucker hadn't even realized he had brain tissue on his tires. We had moved to the last place we thought this curse wouldn't follow us. When the civil war had ended in south Sudan. We thought it would mean prosperity and a great nirvana. Little did we know, it is the worst place to live in. And I have a hunch, that what my relatives did in the past had something to do with it.


(Sorry if it was too long of a read, and/or not fitting enough. I kinda just went with what came to mind)