I do not remember my life before the Kingdom of Orphans. None of us remember our parents; the caretakers have told us that our origins are unimportant. What matters is the lives ahead of us.

The Kingdom of Orphans is regularly visited by kings and queens from faraway lands, for it performs a valuable service to the world. At times knights have too many children for their land to support. The Kingdom of Orphans takes them into its care. Kings and queens without enough knights come to make us theirs.

One day a king has come to select a knight. His name is King David. We vie for his attention, and compete to show him the qualities that show we would be suitable knights. King David looks over us, and he judges me to be most suitable to his needs. He names me Sir Baxter, and we depart for his land in his carriage.
______
King David has begun to train me in the duties he needs his knight to perform. His kingdom is an agricultural one, producing grain and animal products. The grain production is not a concern of mine, though wild beasts are known to hide within these fields. One of my duties is to drive them away, a task complicated by the animals his kingdom raises. Scaring these animals would dishonor me as a bad boy; I will work hard to learn the difference so that I may avoid this shame.

I am not King David's only knight though. Sir Thomas is the first feline I have met, and he is a cranky sort. His duty is to hunt the vermin that would plunder King David's land. I cannot help but admire the skill with which he carries this out.
_____
Princess Mary has been visiting King David's land of late. She calls me a good boy, a great honor. I like her. I believe that King David likes her as well. I hope that they get married; she would be a good queen.

Sir Thomas could care less. It is all the same to Sir Thomas. Felines, I have learned, care only about their duty and not about pleasing their lord. This sounded wrong to me, but the older canine knights I have met assure me it is not. Kings and queens such as King David, they say, care ONLY that their feline knights perform their duties.

This is fine I suppose. I would not be happy that way though.
_____
Princess Mary married King David. She is Queen of the land now. They are expecting to have a child. It is good to know that their line will continue. I wonder if I will get new duties when it is born? I would like to help them with the child.

Last night I noticed Sir Thomas running out of the old shed in terror. He ran through the hole in the wall that King David does not know about. It is too small for me to get through, so I have not been able to patrol it. I stuck my nose in the hole, and could smell what scared Sir Thomas. Skunk. After the last time, I knew better than to try to drive off this beast on my own.

I wait outside of the castle. King David is inside, but will come out before long. He always does at the same time every morning. The sun comes up, and King David leaves the castle as always. I let him know I have something to show him. I show him the hole in the shed, sticking my nose at it. He honors me by calling me a good boy.

King David opens the door, using his Wand of Light to see inside. We see the skunk. King David closes the door quickly, and puts a rock in front of the hole in the wall. King David retrieves the sacred Cage Trap from its resting place in the basement of his castle. The Cage Trap catches creatures without harming them. Sir Thomas was caught in it once before he learned to avoid it.

King David places the bait in the trap; a brown, sweet smelling paste. He removes the rock from the wall of the old shed, and places the Cage Trap in its place. We have done good work today.
_____
King David and Queen Mary have a son now. He is a good child, and will grow into a strong prince. He is finally old enough for my duties to include being a companion to him when he is outside of the castle. I am to keep Prince Mitchell out of danger, and to call for help if I am unable to.
_____
King David has brought me to the Land of Solace several times before. Its ruler, Queen Annabelle, is an enchantress. One of those times I was sick. Queen Annabelle gave me a magic potion, and I recovered from my ailment. Knights also sometimes go there to make sure that nothing is wrong with them, just in case they are secretly sick. She always told me that I am a good boy.

Sir Rex, a knight in service of King David's friend King Chuck, once told me that there is another service that Queen Annabelle performs. When a knight has grown old or received a terrible injury they cannot recover from, their lords will bring them to her. Her magic will let a knight fall asleep, so that their passing is painless.

Sir Thomas is no longer with us. It had become painful for him to move, and King David brought him to the Land of Solace today. He has passed on from this life to the adventures of the next.

Queen Anabelle is truly a kind person.
_____
A feline knight errant has taken up service in our land, filling the void left by Sir Thomas. Lady Cleo became a knight errant when her king passed away, leaving her without a lord. She has brought her children with her, Smokey and Tiger. Her skills are not as great those of Sir Thomas, but she is also less prickly to be around.

Prince Mitchell is delighted by Lady Cleo's family. Smokey and Tiger are less pleased by this; Prince Mitchell moves around much quicker than their old king did, and they are very small. Prince Mitchell has stepped on my tail before by accident, so I know that they are wise to be cautious.

I have another new duty. King David has recognized that I will not be able to serve him forever, and has selected a squire for me to train. Squire Milo is an excitable youth, but a good learner. He will be a worthy successor.

I am not young anymore, but this is a safer land than it was in my youth. Sir Thomas and I have made it safer with our long services. The beasts of the wild now know that King David's land is not safe for them, and mostly stay away. It is a good land for Squire Milo, Smokey and Tiger to grow up in.
_____
Sir Milo is a knight now. He knows what animals to bark at and which to not. How to play, and how to guard. The wild beasts respect his presence as they do my own. This is good, because I have become sleepy of late, and not as quick as I used to be.

King David and Queen Mary have given birth to another child, Princess Elizabeth. I am truly blessed to have been able to defend their land for so long.
