Timothy cried out in fear as the bearded man leapt forward, presents spilling from his arms. The man bellowed as his robes caught on an ornament and the tree toppled over, crashing to the floor with a noise like a demented windchime. Timothy sprinted back up the stairs, eyes tearing in terror, and noted, with incongruous calm, that he really should have gone to the bathroom *before* checking to see his presents, and that at eleven he had no excuse for wetting himself. He made it to the landing just as the man below screamed a string of strange curses in an unknown language, a terrible sound made all the worse by the tinkling cracks of the christmas tree's demise.

Dad burst out of the master bedroom, wild-eyed, clad only in white briefs and hurriedly inserting shells into his shotgun. 

"What the hell, Tim?" Dad shouted, as Mom poked her head out blearily, cinching shut her robe.

"There's a man downstairs!" Tim shouted back, turning away to hide the wetness on his pajama pants. A wild yell like a bull steer being castrated belted up the stairs, and Dad cursed.

"Call the cops!" Dad shouted, at no one in particular, and then stomped down the stairs three at a time, brandishing the shotgun in a pseudo-tactical display. Mom glanced down the stairs and then at Timothy, shaking her head. She beckoned him over and made shushing noises.

"I'm sorry, Mom," Timothy whimpered, tears welling up. He waddled to his mother's embrace and buried his head in her chest. 

"It's all right," Mom whispered soothingly. An loud shouting match had broken out downstairs, and Tim popped his head up.

"Didn't Dad say to call the cops?" 

"Yes," Mom said, biting her lip. "But all our phones are downstairs."

"I think we need to go get them," Tim said, hoping his voice sounded braver than he felt. He thought he heard his Dad yelling "jesus mary and joseph" over and over again, which indicated that he had reached an apoplectic Dad-rage state where coherent thought was no longer possible, and knew deep down that his father was out of his depth.

"Change your pants," Mom said. She stood and started down the stairs. "I'll go call."

Timothy ran into his room, quickly changed into a pair of dry shorts and then ran back to the landing. He paused there, and listened. The sounds of verbal combat had dimmed below where he could make out the individual words, but the tension was still evident. After a moment's hesitation, he took a deep breath and padded down the stairs.

Dad was standing in the kitchen, shotgun trained on the bearded man, barking a low stream of threats. The living room was a disaster, lights and ornaments and fragments of the tree strewn about and hanging from every conceivable catch point, the bearded man trapped in the middle as if in an enormous LED-lit spiderweb. Somehow the sofa had been upended and a large gash torn in the drywall, insulation sticking out like cotton candy. Presents lay scattered about the kitchen and the living room, lost as the bearded man had fallen in the initial scramble, wrapping paper torn and crisp corners dented. Mom was hiding in the front hallway, speaking urgently into her cellphone.

Tim edged past her and into the kitchen, trying to make out what the bearded man was saying.

"Every year," the bearded man grated. "Every year. You've all forgotten what this day is about. What it all *means*. Santa Claus? A freaking tree?"

"Uh huh," Dad said. The shotgun did not waver. "What does that make you, the Grinch?"

"Oh, fffuck that," the bearded man said, blowing out his cheeks on the *f*. "Some asshole writes a story about roast beast and heart enlargement disease and you all think you understand the spirit of Christmas? I'll tell you something, I'll tell you what - ever heard 'put the Christ back in Christmas'? Huh? Ever hear that?"

"Yeah," Dad said.

"Well *I'm Christ* you idiot! I'm putting *myself* back in Christmas, what do you think about that?"

"Uh huh," Dad sighed. "Honey, how long until the cops get here?"

"Oh, it's the little bitch that peed himself," the bearded man sneered, seeing Timothy. Timothy stopped and peered out from behind his father, still blinking back tears. Dad glanced down and cursed.

"Son, get out of here," he said sternly. The bearded man took the opportunity to lunge forward, trailing tinsel and a string of lights, clawing for the shotgun. Dad took a step backward, shouting and tripping over Timothy. Timothy dove out of the way as Dad and the bearded man crashed to the floor, the shotgun skittering across the kitchen tiles. The bearded man got his hands around Dad's throat and bore down, mouth open in an insane grin.

"I will judge the living and the dead!" he shrieked, the veins in his neck bulging out. Timothy scrambled over to the shotgun and grabbed it in shaking hands. He knew how it worked, but had never held or fired it before. It was heavier than he thought, and it was a challenge to bring it up to his shoulder in an unsteady point. Dad made choking sounds and pried at the bearded man's hands, but his face was turning purple and the bearded man showed no signs of letting go.

Timothy sighted down the barrel and pulled the trigger.

The bearded man's face disintegrated and his body fell limply on top of Dad in a shower of blood and chunks of bone. The recoil knocked the gun out of Timothy's hands, sending him toppling back against the cabinets, and the blast half-deafened him. He blinked rapidly and worked his jaw, a sick feeling rising in his stomach as the enormity of what he had done began to surface. 

"Shit," Dad coughed, pushing the corpse to the side and scrambling to his feet. "Shit. Tim, are you ok?"

Timothy nodded once, but did not stand. His eyes were focused on the remnants of the bearded man's face, and he could not look away. Had he done that?

"Don't look, son," Dad said, crouching down in front of Timothy and wrapping him up in a big bear hug. "You did the right thing."

Timothy began shivering uncontrollably, and Dad hugged him tighter, whispering softly. The ringing in Timothy's ears drowned most of it out, and he hugged his father tightly. He closed his eyes but behind the lids all he saw was the spray of blood. Had he done that? 

"That was *not* the right thing," lisped the bearded man through broken teeth. Dad grabbed the shotgun and whirled. Timothy caught a glimpse of the bearded man, face a rapidly recomposing mass of mottled pink flesh, veins and bones appearing like a figurine melting in reverse, before Dad blocked his view once more.

"Think not that I am come to send peace on earth," the bearded man intoned. Dad racked the shotgun and brought it to his shoulder, but too late. The bearded man punched the gun from Dad's grasp and Timothy cried out in fear, his pants once again wet. The bearded man grabbed Dad's neck again and shoved him on to the counter-top, eyes regenerating to reveal a frenzied glare.

"I came not to send peace, but a sword!"



