Note: It is vital that one read through this narration with a British accent á la David Attenborough from the perspective of a non-human species of your choice.

The male’s eyes glaze over the cramped area where the mob dances, but let there be no doubt, he has identified a particular female that has utterly fascinated him. The setting we are in seems to be some sort of ritualistic gathering in which a group of youngsters, young adolescents perhaps, has gathered to engage in some sort of mystic dance ritual in which they make pelvic contact in an odd, sexualized way. Curiously, there are a group of markedly disapproving fully-grown humans that seem to be overseeing the event, as if to discourage and shame the lewd behavior of the pod of pubescents.
The female recognizes the glances from the male even from a distance. I can only speculate from here, but she appears to not be dismissing his visual curiosity at all. Simultaneously, she shows no signs of soliciting any further attention nor engage in communication. Across the room, she sees the male, much taller than what we call his “classmates”, and awkward of movement. Another male, shorter in stature, begins to converse with in what appears to be a pleading, annoyed way. He pushes his gawky friend in the direction of the young woman and she is startled. The tall boy becomes off balance as he is pushed in the direction of the girl that has him so intrigued. They make eye contact in a moment of cinematographic proportions. The opportunity to go back is behind them. 
He approaches her, tangibly tremoring in front of his prospective mate. She greets him with the standard salutation of man, “Hi.” 
After stammering slightly, the male begins to communicate verbally, unsure of each word he speaks. They share an uncertain air of familiarity, as if they were enrolled in a human educational course together. In a flash of pure inhibition, the boy blurted out a rushed slur of words suggesting that the two spend recreational time together. She is taken aback. The onslaught of confidence summoned from thin air by the male both impressed and flattered her. Externally, she was baring her teeth in a pleased manner and was giggling involuntarily. He was perspiring above the upper lip. She harshly nodded her head north-south to signify acceptance to the invitation to “a movie and Cold Stone”. His worried nature was abated and he embraced her quickly. She entered her contact information on an artifact known as an “iPhone” that illuminated the dimly lit auditorium. She quickly thrusted his device back into his hands, and scurried away to a group of her female peers, who were giggling as humanoids their age often do. 
While the process of young humans innocent way of seduction is uncomfortable for both parties, one can observe that juvenile adulation is a truly memorable and important mark in human lives and their development.
