"You've got to be.."

I turned the note around and saw something else written down.

"Para su examen final tienen que sobrevivir en México con solo mx$1000. Buena suerte! "

I searched my other pockets and found my purse with the money, my phone and my passport with a visa stamp. After that I searched my location and the closest airport. I was just a few miles away from Tehuacán which luckily also had an airport. While heading there I called a friend who lives in Mexico City.

"Come on pick up already"

...

"Hey SiamonT! Why are you calling?"

"Hi Marck. Yeah the reason I'm calling is that my spanish teacher got the great idea to send us all to Mexico and let us survive there for three weeks. Also that's our final exam"

"And you want to crash on my couch during that time?"

"Yes exactly. Right now I'm on my way to the airport in Tehuacán and I'll try to get a ticket to Mexico City International there." 

"Do you need me to do anything else for you?"

"You could pick me up in Mexico City after I landed. I'll call you when I have the tickets to tell you when I arrive."

"Okay. Cya"

"Cya"

An hour later I arrived at the airport and managed to get a ticket to MC for 800 MX$ and called Marck to let him now when and at which terminal I'd arrive at MEX.

The flight was very short at about 55mins flight duration. I arrived at MEX and finally got to meet one of my many internet friends in person. He showed me a bit of the capital while we were on the way to his where I met his boyfriend, who could speak english as fluently as I could speak spanish. He was kind enough to lend me some of his clothes because the genius of a spanish teacher forgot to give us spare clothes.

Three or four days later I got a job at a Subway which I kept until the end of my 'exam'. 

Shortly before the end of the exam, which I'd rather describe as a vacation, my teacher announced that she would like to see the place I was living and how I kept myself alive. She was impressed and said that I was one of the few who didn't give up and I could be proud of myself.

At the end I got a B. 

---

I want to thank a friend who translated the two sentences "For your final exam you'll have to survive 3 weeks in Mexico with just MX$1000. Good luck!" Into spanish for me. He is also the one who I portray as my friend in this story :)

--- 

Edit: typo