"I'm sorry, what?"

"You didn't catch all of that? Shit..." the girl said, looking back at the screen of thin black tablet on the table in front of her. "That really should have worked... let me see if I can make some adjustments to the memory chain protocols - when are you from? Maybe I'm not calibrating it properly."

"Um, Ithica... wait did you say 'where' or..."

"When. A decade or a year is fine I don't need an exact date or t/s coordinate."

"84?"

"Oh no shit?" she said, perking up from the tablet. Her eyes glistened in the low ambient light of the cafe. Little artificial candles flickered on the table tops and the dancing glow gave her ruby hair a prismatic shimmer. She was pretty in a far-off, distant way. Young. Big full cheeks and a mouth that was perpetually screwed up into a sour, contemplative coil. "That must be why the program isn't running right. You're from 3084 - they've switched to full cognitive draping. Doy!"

"Like what the fuck was any of that?"

"Oh no... Did you mean?"

"1984. May 21st, 1984. That's my birthday. What the hell kind of crazy are you?"

"You are Tenoch Matlan, right?"

"Alex Mendoza."

"Oh fuck," she said, flipping frantically through pages and pages of digital documents on that tablet of hers until she reached another one with my picture on it, "oh no wait, I see it now... OK. Sorry! Oh my god that's so embarrassing!" She picked up the glass of wine she had been drinking and lifted it over her head "Server! Waitress!"

"Um, hi?" Joanne, the waitress, who was a lovely girl and I felt terribly embarrassed for the way this nut job was talking to her, came up to the table with a look of suppressed bewilderment all over her face.

"Yes, thank you," the girl said, dropping the wine glass. Joanne's reflexes kicked in just in time and she caught the fucking thing, but not before catching a good deal of pinot noir on her blouse.

"I'm so sorry Joanne... she's... I think she's got some issues."

"It's OK Alex..." she said with a smile as she got as far away as quickly as she reasonably could.

"Really should not be drinking alcohol! So many impurities. Really fucking up my cerebro nanite culture! And it's not like \*I\* have a time machine and can just hop over to the 25th for a re-up whenever I want! I have to put in an order and wait for a support agent and... blah blah blah... Anyway, I figured out what I was doing wrong. Let's try this again."

"I'm not really sure if I want to."

"No, it'll be completely different this time. I had it calibrated for a traveler last time - I thought you were Tenoch Matlan but you're Alex Mendoza and this is so much easier a process."

"OK can you just show me whatever insane delusional psychosis you have photoshopped on your weird little iPad so I can finish my drink and get on with my evening? It's Christmas Eve and I have a lot of being alone and wallowing in my impotence to do."

"You're so funny! OK yes. Absolutely. So here's the location," she started, showing me a topographical map of the island of Manhattan, "March 3rd, 2070, at exactly 12:47 PM. I'll send a reminder with a time/space location pin to you right now," and as she said that I felt a sharp pain and a ringing filled my ears and I could see/hear/feel/touch/smell/taste March 3rd, 2070, at exactly 12:47 PM on the corner of what is now Houston and Broadway but in the future will be a passageway through an underwater dome.

"What the fuck was..."

"You don't have any tech up there so I had to do a hard upload, sorry. It was probably unpleasant. Anyway. Just be there at that time to deliver the message."

"What's the message?"

"How am I supposed to know? You're the messenger. I'm literally just tech support. They only call me in when a lifer/traveler exchange gets buggy. You'll meet the traveler Tenoch Matlan at that time/space coordinate and that's all I know."

"And how will I know Tenoch when I see...them?"

"Oh," the girl said, as she stood up and put on her jacket, "dude. Context clues. Why do you think I got you two mixed up?"

"I'm Tenoch?"

"You will be, evidently."

"And when I meet him - me - from the future, in the future?"

"I don't know, resolve the paradox? Read some fucking sci-fi man, I don't know. This time travel shit is as confusing to me as it is to you. We immortals just keep track of shit while the other guys bip and bop around the timeline. It gets kinda annoying. Maybe that's why you decided to make the switch?"

"Am I going to have to kill myself? Him? The other... is he coming to kill me?"

"Ha... fuck, dude, you are funny.  Kill an immortal..."

As she walked out of the cafe, laughing, I settled back into my seat with a hollow look on my face.  Did she say I was...

"Another drink, Alex?" Joanne said. She must have been keeping a change of clothes in the back because the wine-stained blouse was gone.

"Sure," I said, shrugging my shoulders before letting them come crashing down with a deep sigh, "not like it's going to kill me."