Lizzy,

There is a scrapbook in the attic. In it are 10 photos of Rocky as a puppy. I took them the day he died-- when God imitated Jackson Pollock and the road outside our house became his blood-flecked, glass-sprinkled masterpiece, with my dead dog at its center. I couldn't look right at him, my heart wouldn't let me, but I stared at him through the lens of the camera as photos of the puppy he had been got drenched in the blood of the dog he became. I took the photos inside and put them in my jewelry box. Even now, when I hear that ballerina's song I start to cry. Sometimes I'm reminded of the mess I've made.

You might remember that camera, I never let you touch it. I used to sleep with it around my neck because I didn't want you to have it. In a way I was selfish and in a way I wasn't-- it was at least a burden I bared alone, and also my addiction. You whined about that camera as often as you saw it. Mom used to tell me to let you play with it when she lost patience with my claims that the film was too expensive. I never let you snap the button. I would just pretend to take snapshots of you; you, in a bouncy chair; you, eating Cheerios with two fingers and a happy smile; you, watching me watching you. You. You. You.

I took a picture of you sleeping once, but when I pulled it away you weren't there. It scared me so much I didn't take another picture of you for years.

It showed me things, Lizzy. That's the God's honest truth. Not things as they were, but things as they had been. 10 years ago. I took that picture of Rocky and he was alive again and just as small as you. I used to make trails of his pictures through the house. Rocky playing catch, tail wagging. Rocky eating chow and Cheerios and our Thanksgiving turkey one year. I saw it all again through the lens of that camera. 

I took a picture of Mom and Dad arguing once and the photo that came out was of them kissing. I curled up with that snapshot at night, I stared at it for hours. It got worn because I kept it in my jeans and rubbed at it with my thumb, so I took another one. And another one. Do you understand what that camera could do? Do you understand what that camera did to me?

I know-- God, it hurts to write this. To confront it, even like this. Even in this letter it fucking hurts.

 I know you thought I didn't love you. I know you probably think that I don't love you. I wouldn't share my camera with you and it didn't stop there, did it? I didn't share anything with you. Not my toys, not my time, not my life. Lizzy Missy, I loved you so much. I love you so much. I know I was cold and distant and a downright bitch. I was never the sister you deserved growing up. 

I should have read to you at night. I should have went to your preschool plays and been there at your dance recitals. I should have played Barbies with you. I should have helped you get those badges and sell those cookies. I should have let you borrow my clothes. I should have cared enough to meet your boyfriend, who became your husband under my nose. 

I know I didn't do those things for you. I know it came across like I was disinterested, and even though I can't rightfully argue it, I want so badly to deny it. Even if I had been disinterested, it wasn't your fault. Lizzy, the way I acted towards you wasn't your fault.

You were so interesting. You were blowing bubbles and kissing boys before I knew it. You drew with chalky hands on the same sidewalk my pictures once littered. You drew me smiling at you. You drew our family holding hands. You first thought meatballs were a cereal. I was there the first time you saw a rainbow. The first time a boy broke your heart I listened to your sobs through the door. What I'm trying to say is, even if I wasn't present I was there. I loved you through all of it. 

That's why I'm writing you this letter. It's my fucking apology. For this, and for what happens next.

I've tried so long to keep you and the camera at bay from each other. I didn't want you to know what it did, but now you need to. You need this letter so you can understand, and hopefully one day forgive me.

There's a reason you haven't met Dad, Lizzy. You deserve to know why. And if you-- if you've found that scrapbook already, please don't flip through it yet. Not before you've finished the letter. 

He molested me, Lizzy. He let others molest me. But I didn't remember it, that's the thing. The camera showed me.

I took a picture in that old purple room. I stood in the doorway, I'd had the camera for a while by then, and I took a snapshot of the room I used to sleep in. It had Jonas Brothers pictures on the wall, and the faintest trace of lipstick stains all over them. But I raised the camera and took a shot and the posters were replaced with my name in wooden letters. There were cute butterflies hanging in the room and a canopy bed in the corner. I was on the bed in a pink nightie, a small child.

I was crying, Lizzy. His hand was inside me, and you can see his face in the picture, Lizzy, and he's smiling.

It came back to me then, the things he used to tell me. That he hurt Mommy because I was crying so loud, and she wouldn't come back unless I stopped fighting. That he would hurt Mommy worse if I ever told anyone. That he would kill Mommy if I told her our little secret. What I didn't know, is what you probably know now. She was traveling for work. I just never knew when she would be back.

When I found out what he had done to me 10 years ago, I was sick for weeks. I kept throwing up. Mom and Dad were so worried about me. I would come home from school to him making dinner, and he would ask me,

"What's wrong, sweetie?" and I would run to the bathroom and just throw it all up. I took pictures constantly. It consumed me. There's a picture in the scrapbook of a group of men molesting me. Two men have fingers inside me, and Dad is watching. There's a picture where a man in a nice suit is inside my mouth.  There's a picture in the scrapbook where my pink nightie is curled at the foot of my canopy bed covered in white.

Those snapshots made me stop, Lizzy. I don't know how else to describe it. I stopped going to volleyball practice. I stopped talking. I stopped eating. I stopped doing anything that wasn't throwing up or taking pictures. Every picture was a breath of cold air in my lungs. I was never warm anymore. I don't know how else to describe it.

But you radiated warmth. It was in your smile and your tiny hands and the way you tried to say my name. Every time I was stepping off the edge you would pull me back. Just a little bit, but enough. When I saw your smile, I saw what I had to do. 

I didn't know how to prove it. But I knew that I had to protect you. I had to protect the warmth inside you. I didn't ever want him to do to you what he did to me. Do you understand? I didn't want any of those men to fucking touch you.

I told the police I found the snapshots in his home office. I was looking through his family photo album for a school project, I had said, when I found them. They came and they took the pictures and then they took our dad. He distributed child porn, some of it starring me.

Mom killed herself when I turned 18, and they turned you loose to a foster home just in time for you to hate me. I-- couldn't take you in, Lizzy Bear. I wasn't right in the head. I feel those hands now, as I right this. Those hands all over me, inside me. Touching me in ways dads aren't supposed to touch little girls. I'm not trying to scare you. I just need you to understand why I did it.

I took a picture in that house on Burberry Street. I held it up and it was a picture of us; me, holding that camera up and smiling down at you; you, grinning that lopsided baby grin at me. It's my favorite snapshot to ever come out of that fucking camera, and I'm leaving it for you. I hope it helps you, when you find out. I know it was a balm for me. 

I destroyed the camera. In many ways I always felt that camera destroyed my life. It helped me uncover the truth, but at what cost? In a way, that camera cost me my life.

The scrapbook, as you may have guessed, has a great deal of those pictures in them. Like I said, I wasn't right in the head.

I don't want you to ever look through it, Lizzy. Throw it away, burn it, I don't care. Just remember what was inside Pandora's box. I'm sorry to leave you with the curiosity of its existence, but I didn't want to leave the risk of you finding it and thinking it was something else. 

I'm sorry to leave you, Lizzy. I'm sorry to leave without meeting your little one. I love you, Lizzy Missy. I love you so much.

I'm going to take the pills now. Just remember this: even if I'm not present, I'll be there for you. I'll be there through it all. I love you so fucking much. But I think its time to step off that ledge. His hands have been pushing me off it for some time now. I'm going to take the jump.

Yours,

Madeleine