     
I was 12 when I first learned his name. 

At first I didn't think too much of it being as young as I was. The chances that we would ever run into each other seemed astronomically small, especially with both of us living in different countries even if they were right next to each other. 

It's not as if we were the only ones, the governments of the world kept track of the pairs that could lead to disaster. There was the odd time or two when a pair tried to meet each other. The closer together they got the more prone the area was to falling prey to some natural disaster. The last time that happened was about twenty years ago when there were reports of the tides going crazy as the moon began changing its position in the sky. The two were found within a block of each other somewhere in Bucharest, Romania kicking and screaming about the injustice of never seeing their true love. The policing is a little harder to track there for some reason. The only other place is the north pole which people wouldn't try for obvious reasons. 

I was sixteen when I got the first letter via snail mail at my dad's apartment. I only spent time with him once a month and sometimes spring break so it was a little strange to get mail there much less a handwritten letter. I was skeptical after reading it through once or twice. He wanted to know more about me to see if we would have to worry about our paths crossing at any point because of vacations, etc. After an exchange of email addresses we decided it would be faster to communicate that way while still keeping our distance. 

I was surprised by how well we got along. Likes and dislikes, and how similar our personalities were and decisions we’d made with school and work. Now don’t get me wrong, we weren’t soul mates or anything, but with me not having any real friends  to speak of it was nice to have someone to talk to. He couldn’t really relate when it came to family stuff though. He had a happy home life while mine was in tatters after my adoptive parents’ divorce was finalized just a short time before our first contact with each other. We chalked it up to being one of those weird things about linked pairs, our personalities were bound to be similar even if the direction of our lives looked to be going in different directions.


It’s been a few years now and we’ve had a couple of close calls when planning road trips and other things. We almost applied to the same school for college, which was kind of funny. We’re a lot closer now than before, but it’s nothing romantic like what many of the others claim. I will say it was his support that got me through more than a few rough patches. More research has been done between the many “Romeo and Juliet” pairs that seem to grow more numerous by the day and each one reports the intense feeling of a love connection after talking to each other. It’s just not like that with us. There’s definitely something there, but it’s hard to describe in words. 


					---------

He wanted to skype me yesterday, he said he had something he needed to tell me even after all this time we said we didn’t want to see each other just in case we ended up attracted to each other and he suddenly wanted to. I was hesitant at first, thinking maybe he’d somehow developed feelings like so many others have, but my curiosity got the better of me. Some part of me knew deep down that I would regret it if I didn’t. 
I nearly fainted when I saw him. 
When I saw me. 


He looked exactly like me. 


I thought I was going crazy when he blurted out his story. His parents had finally broken down and told him that he had been adopted by them. Or more accurately, had been assigned to them. That we had been the first linked pair to have been born together. When it was discovered what we were the government stepped in and had ordered that one be sent away to live with another family and never be told the truth. He said there were too many inaccuracies in their stories and he finally got the story of his adoption out of them. It took a lot of digging until he found what his original name was supposed to be. I was a mess as I dragged my mother into the room and pointed at the screen demanding to know if it was true. 
It’s been chaotic since then, but we decided we can’t be kept apart anymore. The connection we’ve had these past few years and not understanding why we were different from the others. Why we didn’t feel what they did. We have to see each other, even if only for a minute, even if all we get is to see each other from a distance. 
We plan to leave tomorrow. We’ll see each other in Santa’s Workshop. 

				-------------
Case File: #351346
Case Summary: 
Suspect A and B were only within three miles of each other when agents from their respective countries appeared and pushed each into a helicopter headed for destinations that have yet to be determined. The amount of damage dealt to the global community has been severe with unexplained earthquakes and other natural phenomena taking place in unusual areas. Since separation both have had to be sedated and will be placed in psychiatric evaluation until it can be determined whether or not they are threats to themselves or the rest of the world. This has been placed as a matter of utmost importance as agents may not be in time should there be another incident of this caliber.  
