I'll admit, it wasn't my proudest moment. I was working as at a bank, and a pretty strange guy came in to open an account. You probably know the type. Overly loud to cover his insecurities, laughs obnoxiously at his own jokes, weird clothes. Anyway, this guy comes in and has a sack full of cash to open an account. Plops it down on my desk and has me set it all up for him. 

We finish up around lunch time and I send the guy on his way, then head back to the vault with the money. It's right around then my stomach starts growling at me and I remember I left my lunch at home. Things have been a little tight around the home front with a new baby, so I'm feeling strapped. You can probably guess where this is going. I went ahead and took $10 out of the sack, and processed the deposit. I figured a guy with this much cash wouldn't miss it. Who misses $10 out of a $86,400 deposit?

John Oker, apparently. Not that I found this out immediately. No, it was two years later. 

I was doing auditing work for a different company by this time, and was supposed to go inspect a warehouse for an important client. The place looked abandoned when I got there. No lights were coming out of this massive, old building. The paint was peeling, and most of the windows were still boarded up. Those that weren't were covered in a thick layer of grime that made it impossible to see inside. The remains of the sign for the old chemical plant that used to operate out of here still clung to the top parts of the wall, but a small wooden sign near the main door confirmed I was in the right place: "Laughing Planet Inc."

Inside was about a filthy as the outside. But there were definite signs of activity. Conveyor belts had been put in, and there were toys in various states of construction spread throughout. 

"Hello?" I called.

My voice echoed around the warehouse a bit. I started to turn to leave when an answer finally came.

"Jerry! So glad you could make it. Please, step on in." It was a man's voice. One I didn't recognize at first. 

I spun around and looked for the source of the voice, but didn't see anyone. "Yes, I believe I had an appointment with Ms. Quinn? She was going to give me a tour of the facilities," I shouted back. 

There was another pause. Again, I almost gave up on the whole thing, which in hindsight, I should have.

"She won't be joining us, as she had another engagement come up unexpectedly. So I'll be giving you the tour." The voice came from right behind me. I spun around and recognized him immediately. The man from the bank. Still wearing the same strange clothes, now topped off with wild dyed hair and a heavily made up face.

Before I could even get a word out, he took me by the arm and led me deeper into the building. "As you can see, we had to let the janitor go," he said, before busting out his obnoxious laugh. He led me through a maze of of half built walls and empty crates until we came to a storage area.

"Here's where we keep the raw materials, Jerry. I expect you'll want to take an inventory."

I leapt at the chance to start talking professionally. It took my mind off the strange circumstances I was in. "Yes, that's correct. You know in small businesses like yours, it's actually shockingly common for employees to steal. One of the leading causes of those businesses going under is shrinkage, either at the till or in the inventory."

"Oh, shrinkage you say!" Mr. Oker gave in to another fit of laughter. I didn't get the joke.

I looked around the area and spied something sitting on the floor, so I stooped to pick it up. "A ten dollar bill," I said.

"How careless!" the man in the strange purple clothes said. "Well Jerry, finders-keepers, am I right? You can apply it toward your bill, or just pocket it. I'm sure you've earned it."

"No, sir," I said with a nervous laugh. "That would be unethical. You'd better take it."

Mr. Oker stepped over to me and took the bill from my hand. "Well I admire that Jerry, I really do. Ethics really is high on my list of must haves." He chuckled again, before continuing. "In fact, I'd never let it go if someone stole from me. Not ever. If I found out someone had taken my money, why, I might buy a warehouse for a fake toy company, and lure the thief there, then strap him to the conveyor belts and run him through the machines."

I tittered nervously. He didn't.

He stepped closer to me, pressing me against some of the crates. "Do you remember me, Jerry?"

"I'm sorry Mr. Oker, I..."

"Please, call me Joker."

And that's when he punched me. One good whack to the head and I was out. When I woke up, I was strapped to the conveyor belts. 

"Rise and shine, Jerry!" Joker shouted from a platform high above me. I watched as he dramatically heaved an enormous lever. The machinery sprang to life, and I started moving toward the metal contraption that would turn me into a child's plaything. 

I pulled against the ropes, but couldn't get free.

"Maybe your ethics will save you!" Joker called.

"No, but mine will," a gravely voice answered. I heard the dull sound of a fist hitting someone. 

"Oh Bats, here to ruin my fun again! Even though I'm in the right this time!" Joker called. 

There was no answer this time, just the sounds of a scuffle. All I know for sure is that the machine turned off a minute before I was going to become a puppet.

Sorry if this was a longer answer than you wanted, Commissioner Gordon, but to cut to the chase: yes, I have some idea of what the Joker wanted with me. 

*****

If you enjoyed this, you can subscribe to [Pubby's Creative Workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88) to read more of my prompt responses.