Every morning I wake up, I spend at least 15 solid minutes in front of my full body mirror, completely naked.  This isn't new to this body, as I complete this arduous process with every yearly Switch, but this one has been the most irritating.  I have looked over every inch of this imperfect, un-chiseled, unremarkable body, for that one thing that makes me the best in the world and am yet to find it.  I'll tell you right now, it isn't anything to do with my penis.

I've completed hours and hours of internet searching, pouring over the Guinness World Records page looking for anything, anything that makes me not just remarkable ... but the best.  I can tell you I don't have: the ability to pee the furthest, the height of my standing jump, the amount of weight I can lift, or my finger dexterity.  I can't go without sleeping for extended periods of time, speak multiple languages, or see in the dark (or even abnormally far in the light).  

After my requisite time of mirror reflection (maybe my skill is pun-related?), I find my way to the bathroom for a shower and a shave.  My skill is certainly not related to my abilities with a razor or even shower thoughts (though the latter would likely help me stumble upon my actual skill).  I wish I could say it was something about my ability to enjoy an absurd amount of food (like those folks who compete in eating contests, which is rather silly in this world honestly ... you always know who will win), but I can't even enjoy milk this time around.  I love chocolate milk.

And don't ask me why I remember what I liked and disliked in previous bodies, because I have no clue how this conscious-transfer works.  I don't know if this is an evolutionary thing, something that has always existed in this species, or if some scientist of yesteryear accidentally added some combination of things together to result in a worldwide body-transfer event to begin.  I do know that, despite the body transfer interrupting many daily events (such as news reporting, research, etc), there continues to be an attempt to preserve normality.  I mean this to say, a job (with some exceptions) tends to be retained by the consciousness, not the physical body.  It's rather odd when it's considered objectively, but not that terribly odd when considered in the context of this world.

I've always been interested in historical preservation.  For whatever reason, I seek to continually document our history, while trying to understand where we might be going by looking at the past.  I know that the few surviving documents of the past seem to indicate that at one point, a major chunk of the world suddenly died out.  I cannot correlate this with the rise of the Switch, but it seems at least reasonable that everyone who died was not the best at something.  Perhaps a reason why those documents have not survived, is that they're all considered false fabrications of the past, not actual historical documents.  We may only have one writer considered the 'best' when it comes to writing historical fiction, but others certainly have given it their own 'best', forever relegated to positions after #1 in the sales and readership of their works.

But another thought occurred to me, probably four or five bodies ago, when I was in the body of the the astrophysicist.  What if, prior to when those deaths purportedly occurred, we as a species died like other species?  What if we aged like other species?  That would cause an entire paradigm shift for this planet!  We would lose the security of immortality (that's a whole different ball of wax to explore), and of course we'd lose the perspective we gain with the Switch.  

Of course I still lament that I don't know what might've caused the Switch to start.  I don't know why only humans are part of the consciousness-hopping that grips the world for a few minutes every March 18th.  I don't know why no one has died in ... as long as we have reliable records for.  I honestly don't know if we can die anymore, and everyone (like myself) is too afraid to find out what happens if someone were to murder someone else.  Would everyone stop switching?  Would someone simply die every year during the Switch?  Would whatever perfect paradigm that exists to allow this physics-breaking event to continue, finally erode or abruptly break, causing some catastrophic world-ending event?

I guess you could say that my mornings are generally filled with a lot of thinking, anxiety-induced 'What If?' scenarios, and very reflective exploration of myself.  If this society is good at anything, it's: knowing what I am the best at, knowing what others are best at, and moving on from every 3/18 Switch like every prior year.  This event is always pre-dated, and even usually afterward, by some campaigns for a database of identification, so that everyone can know who they are immediately after the Switch.  I mean, the law already says that you must be back in your dwelling before 8 PM GMT, so that the Switch is not more disorienting than it already is.  Why not add in some mandated labeling, database identification, or anything to avoid situations like I am facing?  Others must also face this occasionally, right?

Maybe I'm the best at panicking.  What if I make it a full year without knowing what I am 'best' at?  Does that play any role in the Switch?  I doubt it, but as far as we know, animals are not completing any change.  The only change they make is an abrupt adjustment to a 'new' owner in the previous owner's body.  I bet that's a trip for some animals.

On my way to work, I try to find ways to validate my skill set in real world situations, to hopefully expose some avenue for me to finally figure out my role.  I ran to work one day (not the fastest), tried memorizing different patterns along the way (got lost), and tried singing (asked to be quiet).  I've tried card tricks, dancing different styles, and even some amateur sports, all of which ended the same way: with me still searching.

Day after day, night after night, mirror routines, street antics, record-searching, it just became a blur.  I was losing my fervor for searching, though my anxiety was growing with each passing day.  I usually relish the days after the Switch, exploring a new body (take with that as you will), interacting with others in a new but same manner, being in a new location (I've switched continents), and generally just re-learning how to be the same person but with different tools at my disposal.

It wasn't until day 34, April 21st, that I finally gave up on finding my skill.  It was depressing me and frustrating me, and I couldn't even focus on my work anymore.  I was losing my daily routine, the pattern I'd honed over years and years of the Switch, and my joy for this relatively consistent existence.  I remember walking home that night, after working my way through the major events that had occurred in the world, as well as finishing up some drafts of older documents of historical interest (including the years when we tried space travel again), and I found myself in front of my TV with a glass of scotch.  I don't know if scotch was my choice because of this body, or my previous bodies, but I had hoped I could find respite even if only for a few hours.

After a few drinks (and the lovely haze of a good buzz set in), I decided to call it a night.  I wandered back to my room, leaving the scotch and glass on the stand next to my chair, and bumped into my dresser.  I heard a tinkling noise (or thought I did, maybe that scotch was a bit too scotchy for me), and shook the dresser to see if I could re-create it.  More tinkling sounding noises.  

I blinked a few times and rubbed my eyes, trying to convince my body to stop being so blurry in the mirror.  Once I'd given up on that, I went to the dresser and slowly inched it away from the wall, due largely to me being an average-sized person of average-muscle.  (Maybe below or above average, but definitely not the 'best' at any one muscle category).  Sitting behind the dresser on the floor, a wood one that was now probably scratched from me moving the dresser, was a broken case with something inside it.  

I reached for it, through buzzed vision, and promptly cut my fingers.  A few minutes later I was back in my bedroom with a towel to clean up the blood, and a towel for my hand.  Round two of me vs the case went better, as I used a broom handle to move most of the wreckage out for inspection.  It wasn't very large, but it was apparently made to hold a pair of glasses.  This was exactly as exciting as I expected it to be, and I was frustrated I'd wasted so much time instead of just going to bed.  So I went to bed, leaving the bloody towel and broken case on the floor, figuring I'd deal with it the next day.  

Saturday morning I felt the scotch punching my forehead from the inside and I labored my way through a shower and toward some coffee, skipping my morning mirror routine.  It wasn't until I'd shaken off some of the headache that I realized I'd left a mess on my floor, including a memory of a broken case glasses.  I figured I needed to at least clean it up and even check out what they were for, if only to protect my eyes from the sun, and help me with the ladies.

-- Part 2 in reply --