Raymond had never been the most athletic of men, but there was a sunken pallor to his skin, visible even to Lily’s untrained eyes. She pushed the cup of cocoa across the table, then watched as he kept his head down, tapping the sides of the ceramic as he collected his thoughts. In fact, he looked so positively wretched that all she wanted to do was to pull him close, hug him, then assure him that everything would be alright.

It was the least she could do for the man who had helped turn her life around. Yet, the dire messages over the phone still echoed in her head, fanning tiny embers of caution burning at her core.

And one of them was, *You’re not going to like what I have to say to you.*

“You know you only have to ask if you need anything,” she said. “So if you’ve come to ask for a favor, don’t even think about it. If it’s money, I’ll give you all I have, God knows that I’d probably be dead without you anyway. If it’s something you need done, rest assured, I’ll do everything that I can to-” 

“It’s about your daughter, Lily. I… I came to confess something.”

The embers caught fire, and the blinding nausea left her breathless for a moment. Heather was her only daughter, her only kin in the entire world. This felt so much more… real than she had imagined. 

“Is Heather fine? She hasn’t called me in a week, I just thought she was busy. Should I go now? Is she in the hospital or something? Is she-”

“No, no, Heather is fine. She’s fine. I promise. I just met her yesterday. Fitter than a fiddle.”

“Then… when you said you had something… to confess…”

Raymond sighed, then sipped from the cocoa. “I thought you should know the truth. When I helped you get back on your feet all those years ago, I didn’t do it out of the kindness of my heart. I did it because I was eyeing your daughter, Lily. She… was pretty to me, beautiful, even. You remember when she graduated from university and spent a gap year overseas? Actually, I was her lover there. I was the one she didn’t want to tell you about. I was the bastard who broke her heart when I tired of her. And I wanted to tell you, I’m sorry for any pain I have caused.”

Years of memories rushed through Lily’s mind, a torrential flood cascading down a cliff, and though Lily forced herself to maintain at a distance, she still found herself stained with the vaporous mists of the waterfall. She recalled the time when she had gone from door to door, asking if anyone would hire cleaning help. How Raymond had sat her and Heather down at his table immediately, feeding them even before starting the interview proper. The way he had not only advanced her pay, but how he had arranged for accommodation for them, ensured that they were somewhere safe. 

Lily had initially kept her guard up around him, but the selflessness with which he had showered her and Heather with care and affection had eventually weathered her defenses away. He was the father she never had, the person she could count on without fail. He had offered to walk Heather to school, had taken them out for ice-cream when his schedule permitted, had even turned up in court as a character witness during the final days of the divorce proceedings. Through it all, Raymond had never asked for anything, not once. 

If he were to be believed, it was only because he had preferred to *take*.

“No, no, no… no…”

“I’m very sorry, I really am.”

“Why… why did you have to tell me any of this? Why?”

“I’m… you see, I knew Heather would never tell you. Why would she? She’s happily married now, and my affair with her is so long in the past. But… the guilt, Lily. It eats at me. I’m sorry that I took advantage of my position, and I… I can’t look myself in the mirror for it. Even though my secret was safe, I was not happy. I had to confess, to look you in the eye and to apologize.”

“Apologize? You think apologizing to me makes it fine?”

“No, I didn’t. But I had to-”

*Calm yourself,* thought Lily. *Stay in control.*

But she found that she couldn’t. The impossible situation that she had been put in, the demands placed on her, threated to snap her fragile state of mind. Lily lunged forward, seized the plate of cookies between them, then flung them at Raymond. She saw him blink just before the confectionary connected with his forehead.

“You scum!” she said, the tears coming to her eyes. “I knew it! All you men, all the same!”

“No, not all men… just me…”

“Did you know how heartbroken you left her? Did you know how she was driven to the bloody wall? And how much I died inside, knowing that my baby was suffering overseas and there was nothing I could do about it?”

“I know. I tried my best to make it easy on her, but then…”

“Raymond! Don’t you see! That’s not all of it! That’s not even half of it! It’s the fact that… it’s *you!* What happened to your… to your philosophy of making the world a better place for everyone? What happened to your promise of doing all you could for others around you, making sure that there was a net positive with your time on earth? Of always choosing the best outcome to ensure maximum happiness and minimum sadness?”

“I still believe in that, Lily,” he said, as his knuckles whitened around his cup. “I really do. That’s why I’m here. I’m here to try to make things right.”

“You can’t! You can’t come in and expect me to give you the forgiveness you crave!” Lily slumped back down into her chair, her sails out of wind. “That’s… so selfish, Raymond. You drove Heather and me apart, and then you dared to… stick your nose back in, just to get us to reconcile. I thought you were an angel… but you were only doing it because you were guilty. Guilty as sin.”

Raymond looked up, skin on his face drawn taut. “Is there… anything I can do to make things right for you?”

“Yes, there is. Get out of my house, and never come near us again. Not me, not Heather. Stay the hell out of our lives. But don’t ever let anyone say that I am an ungrateful person. For all the good you’ve done for us, I won’t breathe a word of this to anyone. But let me be clear, you are dead to me now, Raymond. Take your false virtues, your fraudulent worldviews, your two-faced lying acts… and leave. You sicken me.”

“Just remember, Lily. There is still good in people out there. I was just… weak.”

“Spare me your lies. Why are you even still here? You’re a stranger to me now, seating in a chair I did not offer. Out, out!” 

“Wait, hang on. If I should die anytime soon, Lily, I just want you to know that-”

“I don’t care if you want to die right now! Just do it outside of my house!”

*Did that go too far?* she thought, as she watched Raymond closely. She thought he was going to argue his case again, but he evidently thought he had done enough. His features relaxed, and a quiet peace took root in his posture.

Raymond bent to retrieve those cookies around him, then turned for the door. He didn’t look back once, and the door closed on the benefactor who would never again speak a civil word with Lily.

--- 

Lily counted the seconds as the adrenaline seeped away. A full five minutes after the *ding* of the apartment elevators in the distance indicated that Raymond had left, she sprinted to the windows, then watched as the last trails of Raymond’s car disappeared around the corner. 

She closed her eyes, focusing on the breeze on her face. The choice had been made, it was over.

Lily unlocked her phone, then scrolled through her call history list to the number just before Raymond’s the day before. The number had not yet been saved. She tapped it with her thumb, and the call connected within two rings.

“Is it done?”

“Yes,” she said.

“I hope it wasn’t too… difficult.”

“It was, much harder than I thought it would be.”

“Good. You see, he has to believe that you believed *him*.”

“I know. And I think… he did. There was relief in his eyes, just as you said.”

“Thank you, Lily. You’re one of the first few people he’s trying his ridiculous plan with, and all it would take is for someone to misplay their part, and the cards will come tumbling down. Leave it to him to devise the sort of lies which are just vile enough for us to hate him, but not toxic enough that it kills off all the good he’s done for us over the years. I know what that clever shit’s thinking – I bet he fancies this as his own form of chemotherapy, his way of selectively cutting himself out of *our* lives.”

“How many… more do you think he will reach out to?”

“Oh… I don’t know. Another ten, twenty? I’m guessing he’s adding his personal touch on the ones closest to him. The rest he’s outsourced to me. I’ve got a crap load of false stories and untruths to sow yet.”

“You sure that this is the best way?”

The voice on the other end laughed, and the guilt crushing Lily’s heart lifted slightly. “You know how Raymond is with his plans, and how stubborn he can be. If this is all that he wants from us, I’m more than willing to give it. Listen, I’ll talk more with you soon, but I’ve got another few people to call now. If they are all going to be like you, demanding all sorts of proof before agreeing to help, then I’ve got to start now. Raymond’s going to be visiting them soon.” 

“Wait! How much more time does he have?”

Silence for a moment.

“Not enough, Lily. Not enough.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
