"It's LEEmon you buffoon, I hath no clue what you mean of 'lemon'"

I stared at the little imp in silence, squat yellow and ugly it was.

"Simpleton. Do you not speak, or shall you continue to mock me!!"

I sighed, "I apologise O terrible one, you merely reminded me of a soft, sour fruit that frequents my world" Quite acutely at that.

"Need I remind you the penalty of wasting my time too? What is it you seek, AND BE QUICK ABOUT IT"

I was incredulous, what looked like a misshapen lemon was roaring at me with the threat of total damnation if I failed to produce results for the conclave hanging over my head. 

I did not think this far ahead.

"Well, um. I was attempting to summon a great servant of Malrog, the forgotten one. But instead I receive your magnificence." I bowed my head

"I knew it you neanderthal, you have no idea just WHAT you are doing. I AM a great servant of Malrog. AND NO I'M NOT A DEMON STOP THINKING YOU CAN PANDER TO ME."

Visible yellow dribble flew out of its mouth as I attempted to comprehend the situation yet again. "Then what is Malrog?" 

The 'leemon' puffed itself up "Yes, the great Malrog is a demon and he is going to get revenge against the other demon lords for usurping his rightful place."

"But Malrog has not been recorded for 600 years" I replied again, suprised by this outburst of pettiness.

The 'leemon' seemed to start perspiring, it was a very sour scent. "Well you see, he uhh umm. He's just taking a rest you see, because well he has to look after his domain too and um".

"But he has no recorded domain... that was also stolen during his overthrow" I was honestly starting to regret this choice.

"YOU KNOW WHOM YOU SPEAK TO? WHAT WOULD YOU KNOW MORTA-"

I silenced him with a charm, "Does Malrog actually have any followers?"

The 'leemon' looked defeated and stared at the floor.

"Answer me truthfully you ugly dwarf, are you Malrog?"

Before I knew it the disgusting little magical turd before me started smoking and melting, as if some magical bond was released. This was...

"Not bad mortal, was it the price of this summoning that made you so brave? Nevertheless you are mine now" 

It... it was speaking in my head, I had no idea what to do.

"I... uh I" 

"Don't speak, it makes me dizzy in the psychic space."

"You lost your body didn't you?" My blood ran cold, this was worse than I thought.

A deep and terrible chuckle rattled around my head. "No matter, I have a body now. Did you never think of why all my records were destroyed?"

My body was going numb, I couldn't even breathe. "Bah, such arrogance. Soon the work will know terror."

Then I felt it, like a terrible vacuum, a maw capable of eating reality itself. "Nooo. NOT YET YOU INSOLENT SHIT"

The chill left me, and emptiness followed. I shuddered and flopped to the floor, from the corner of my eye I saw the 'leemon' pick itself back up off the floor and visibly dust itself off. Somehow whole again.

"You... have this... sorted... don't you?"

"Hah, you fool. You'd think I wouldn't? I am a great servant of Malrog and only a simpleton like YOU would doubt me."

I chuckled and propped myself against a chair

The 'leemon' continued "I serve his best interests, which are usually not what he wants to do. The overthrow made him childish and insolent you see?"

I simply stared again at this amazing creature
 