She didn’t like to talk to me, I could tell, and I wondered why she did it. I never asked her out loud of course, I didn’t want to mess it up. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. 


We had lunch by ourselves and she told me of her life. It was an ironic thing, but she was quite active. She lived in a home by the lake. An endless lake with dark waters that moved to show the million faces of the currently dying. It was always winter there, or autumn. She said she never could tell. When she was out, and she was out often, she was always caught up in some drama, some excitement. 


“I always come at the end of a story,” she told me.


I laughed because I wanted her to like me. At first I thought she was insane. She called herself Death, and she meant it. Eventually, she proved it to me. And proved it, she did.


No one spoke to her, they all recoiled. I wondered why; I mean she was so beautiful. Was it intimidation? I didn’t know until she took me to her house. It was the home by the lake. It had taken me quite some time to make conversation with her and I was reeling in disbelief. From small talk to her home, I had made it with such a wonderful girl.


 She told me to sit out on the porch and we ate mangoes. She liked them, was all she said. The lake was beautiful and it was cold out and the million voices floated in a winter’s chill.


“So what do you do?” she asked.


“Shouldn’t you know if you’re Death?” I asked. I was trying to play hard to get.


“I don’t concern myself with living.”


“Well I don’t do anything.” I didn’t mean to say it how I did.


She looked out to her lake and told me to come. I followed her to the edge and stared at a face, swirling in misery. There was no jumping in the water. I stared into the face’s cold eyes, feeling its pain, making a connection. Then we were there.


The boy had fallen from a tree. It was hot wherever we were. He stared at me, pleading as if I could help. He refused to look at her. He opened his mouth but the life had evaporated. His body was dead, his consciousness dying. She lifted him as if he were a baby, cradled him, and he cried like one. I wondered how no one heard, but no one seemed to care. 


“I guess that’s that,” she told him.


There was the sound of snapping, sharp thunder almost. She rested him back as we had found him.


“They don’t like that,” she said. “He had so much life remaining. They don’t like me taking it away. I don’t like it either.”


I felt sick. Before I could talk we had come back to her house and were standing beside the lake. 


“What happens now?” I asked.


“There’s room for another face to rise.”


We finished our lunch, but I hardly ate. Death looked to be in pain and she stared out into the cold. I knew I would have to leave soon. I didn’t know what to say. She was still beautiful. Finally I asked her:


“Why did you bring me here?”


“Well, you looked desperate. You looked lonely. You looked like you needed someone to talk to. Someone to let you know that you exist. I guess I just felt sorry for you. I didn’t want you to end up killing yourself.”