*clang*

*splat*

*thud*

Antique dishes and shiny collectibles fall down as the cat walks atop the wardrobe, grazing its fur against the cold metallic objects.

*Thud*

Mr. Saltumin stares at the television, oblivious to the chaos going on behind him.

"Honey! The cat's doing it again. Could you clean up the mess!" Yells Mrs. Saltumin from their firstborn's bedroom.

"She's flaunting her well groomed fur, dear. Just ignore her and she won't make a habit out of it." Yells back Mr. Saltumin, turning around to see what the cat was up to.

Just as he does, the cat reaches the end of the wardrobe and rubs softly against the rusty lamp. Mr.Saltumin's eyes widen as the cat gently knocks it over and stares at him, expecting acknowledgement. Mr. Saltumin attempts to leap across the room, but fails as the sofa forms a hurdle for his huge belly. He trips and falls over, and it is too late. The lamp has landed on the ground and the lid comes rolling off, and Mr. Saltumin does not touch the ground.


Time and space freezes as light floods the room. The cat shrieks and hides under the sofa, staring as black smoke emerges from the spout of the lamp. It lengthens and expands as it leaks through the crack in the window and out onto the streets. The smoke blankets the skies and everything goes pitch-black, even the cat turns blind.

Slowly, a red, glowing stick pokes out of the spout. Defying all physics, eight more squeeze through, followed by what appears to be an arm. In a flash of blinding light, a being stood in front of Mr. Saltumin, standing on its 'hands'. The being was a dozen hands protruding from a central, globular body. It lets out a high-pitched sound, as if it were calling. The cat immediately gets drawn to it, and crawls out from underneath Mr. Saltumins hairy belly.

"Mortal.". The being booms. "I am Genie, abomination of mankind. Speak."

The cat purrs softly.

"Ahh. English is not your tongue."

Genie instantly figures out what to do. It swaps the bodies of the cat and the fat human before it.

*Thud*

The body of Mr. Saltumin hits the ground, as the cat stands still.

"Meow. Ow"

"Speak."

"Who are you? What's happening?" Replies the human body.

"I am Genie." Genie redeclares. "I will grant you three wishes, and no more."

The cat gets up on Mr. Saltumins feet, wobbling. She tries to comprehend what's happening, but fails. Seeing as 'Genie' defied everything the cat believed in, it would probably be best not to disobey this being.

"Speak."

The cat thought, recollecting memories of everything she had seen the humans do.

She remembers the lady human wearing jewelry- shiny stones and reflective metal. She remembered how much attention people paid to her.

"Diamond. Ruby. Gold and silver. Heaps of jewelry cats could only marvel at."

In an instant appeared 4 large pots, shining so bright Mr. Saltumins poor eyes couldn't handle the glare. The cat understood- she could ask for anything she wanted. Genie was to be trusted.

"Speak again." It bellowed.

She loved cow milk. What if she had an unlimited supply?

"A fully grown cow, with the thickest, creamiest milk to be squeezed from its nipples."

Another flash of light, and there it was- a large cow with juicy, plump nipples.

"Speak. One last time."

The cat felt satisfied. She had all she wanted- attention and food. All she needed now was-
"Company. Spawn me a magical yarn of wool that I will never lose. It must come rolling back to me upon my calling."

Another blinding light, and a magical ball of wool appears at Mr. Saltumins feet. As his pudgy hands reach down to grab it, the world turns pitch black, and the lamp disappears.

A week later, Mr. Saltumin sits down at the dining table, ready for dinner. Mrs. Saltumin comes through the kitchen door, carrying a huge pot of stew- beef stew.

"That's the last of it." She says as she sets it on the table. "Dear, could you tie this around me." She hands him four long necklaces- colourful, shiny and so reflective her husband could see his face as he took it from her.

"Meow." The cat runs under the table, with her ball of wool slowly trailing behind her.