"I will tell you one more time.  You can't wish for three more wishes.  It against the rules."

Garland looked back at me and squinted his eyes, and I imagined a mouse on a running wheel just behind his face, furiously running up the incline in order to power up enough thought waves to come up with another wish while simultaneously doing the eye squint thing.  

"Also, you can't wish for two more wishes, or seven more wishes, or infinite wishes, or whatever.  You have exactly one wish left," I said.  

"Since when?  How come I can't wish for twenty more wishes?"

I sighed, but the history of the *Get What You Get Act* of 2024 rolled of my tongue easily, almost muscle memory by this point, like taking a free throw or navigating the darkened path to the bathroom from the foot of your bed.  

"In 2021, Sampson Dolio was granted three wishes by an astral projection known as AS-39\*1\^.  Dolio had freed AS-39\*1\^ after uncorking a third century canteen he'd found while metal detecting a suspected Roman battlefield.   As a member of several dimensions, AS-39\*1\^ was a very capable wish granter, much more potent than most."

"Wait.  What?  Some wishes are better than others?"

*Hadn't this guy ever watched Wishmaker / Wishtaker 2.0?  "*It is about implementation, mainly, Garland.  AS-39\*1\^?  If you asked him for ten million euro, it would be in your bank as a lottery winning you forgot you bought a ticket for.  Others wish granters might give you twenty million half euro coins that fell out of an airplane.  On top of you."

"How good was my guy?  

I scrolled through his file on my socket.  "He's got a B minus rating," I said, flicking my pupils left and right to scroll the history. 

"A fucking B minus?"  Garland was incredulous.  

"Well, you did find him by opening an 1992 bottle of Mountain Dew, right? "  I looked at Garland.   "What did you expect?"  Not waiting for a response, I continued, "In any case, it looks like one time a guy asked for a specific girl, but someone *else* already had wished for her, so he wound up making a clone.  But then the clones fell in love and left both men.  It doesn't say if the men fell in love or not."

"Who cares if the dudes fell in love?"  He stammered for a while, clearly still upset about his wishmakers poor rating.  "You still haven't told me why I can't wish for more wishes."

"Right," I said, continuing, "Sampson Dolio wished that he could think about taking an action, and then see the future of what would happen if he took that action.  *Poof!*" I said, splaying my fingers out.  "And then, Dolio told AS-39\*1\^? to hold on, he was going to look at the future and see what happened if he asked for infinite wishes.  Dolio stood in the grassy field, eyes blank for two minutes, head lolled back.  When he came to, his face was ashen, his eyes having seen something terrible, and he immediately said:  'I wish that no one, ever, under any circumstance, can get extra wishes.  As my other, final wish, I wish that no one can undo the changes you made limiting the number of wishes a person may be granted.'  And so, AS-39\*1\^? folded the necessary barriers into the time-space-etheral threads to disallow granting more wishes.  It was formally passed into law a year later, but the laws of the time-space-etheral continuum are less malleable than Congress, there isn't a Supreme Court case that is going to change things."

"What did Dolio see?" Garland asked me. 

That was actually a subject of quite vigorous debate among those of us in the wish business.  "Well, no one knows for sure.  Any time someone wants to interview him, he isn't there, Dolio had thought about what would happen if he went for coffee, or opened the door, or went to work, and saw that a reporter or curious interviewer would be there, so he took a different course.  But he must have seen *something*."

"Well, what happened to him?"

"He's doing pretty good," I said.  "He thought about what would happen if he bet on black on roulette a few hundred times, I think.  After that, who knows."

"OK," Garland said.  "Fuck."  I waited, watching the running wheel spin in his mind.  Lots of people took their time with their final wish.  "I wish," he started.  "Fuck.  Wait."  His foot started tapping like a dog chasing a rabbit in it's sleep.  I scrolled through the news feed in socket while he thought about it.   "Pizza?" he said to himself.  *Was this guy about to wish for fucking pizza?*   The news continued to scroll past.

"OK.  OK." Garland finally said.  "I wish for exactly the same power that Sampson Dolio had, the ability to think about taking an action, and then seeing the future that happens if I take that action."  I held out the tablet and he mashed his thumb into the screen before he could take anything back.  

He grinned wildly.  "Hold on.  Lemme see what would have happened if I had been able to give myself infinity wishes."  I killed the newsfeed and watched as his face went slack.  A hundred seconds later, he was back, but looked shaken.  We both looked at each other silently.  *What had he seen?*  

Finally, Garland spoke.  "Well.  Off to Vegas," he said, standing.  

"Wait," I said urgently.  "What happened?"

Garland looked at me from the doorway.  "Hold on, let me see what would happen if I told you the truth, the whole truth about what I saw."  He went stiff for two breaths.  "Well, trust me when I tell you that I am doing you a favor by keeping you in the dark.   There are some questions that you don't want the answer to."