"That's an interesting impression. What do you say we go dig it up?" Allen asked in a terribly monotone voice, slightly muffled by his helmet.

"It definitely has some strange geological features. It's pretty odd to see rock detritus around the inside perimeter of a crater." I answered in the best informed and inquisitive voice I could muster.

We wander over to the massive hole in the ground, kicking up the red dust into a fine powder that hangs in the air. I don't know where this stuff comes from, but it somehow gets everywhere, even inside my suit. I've breathed enough of this stuff that I'll probably develop lung cancer later in life. They really don't pay me enough for this, but it's all I have right now.

We reach the edge of the crater and stop, staring down into it. After an uncomfortable silence, I look over at Allen and raise my eyebrows as if to say so now what? He peers back at me. He's got that thousand yard stare again, but after seeing the expression on my face, he snaps back to the reality of our situation with a start.

"Let's start over there." he says as he points to a convenient rock formation. "I'll take some sedimentary samples while you start drilling."

I nod my head in obvious understanding, but as I turn to climb down into the crater I roll my eyes at his obnoxiously robotic demeanor. How did I end up having to work with people like this anyways? He follows me down the slope, sliding in the loose red sand as we descend. We reach the rock formation where I kneel down, pulling the drill from my tool belt as I do. The drill looks totally useless, with plastic pieces hanging off of it in ridiculous ways so as to make it look futuristic. Unfortunately all the silly cladding on the drill also makes it difficult to hold on to comfortably, but I find that it works when I pull the trigger, so at least we don't have to repeat this again. It would be the fourth time today.

Allen stands looking at me dumbfounded for a minute, then saunters off. Jesus, why did they pick him for this job? I go about using the drill, inserting it in the cracks between the rock face that I'm kneeling in front of. After a few strategic insertions, I replace the drill in my tool belt, stare at the rock face for a moment, and then grasp it from the crevices. I pull up on it, only realizing too late that it's much lighter than I had anticipated. I have to consciously overcompensate to keep from smashing it into my helmet. That was a close one, I need to be more careful.

I place the rock aside, and focusing my attention on the newly created hole, I root around inside it, trying to look intrigued. Inside it is a bit of red fabric with the top of a mast protruding only slightly. I widen my eyes and try to stay transfixed, reaching in and grasping the mast. Pulling straight out, the mast slides easily out of the loose sand. I try to add some effort to my actions to make this seem far more profound. Standing back up, I pull a flag pole about the same height as me from the hole, and place it on the rock next to me, like an explorer declaring the land in my name. Affixed to it is a blood red flag emblazoned with the gold lettering "SPQR", surrounded by gold crescent wreath.

"My God...Dave, come look at this!" I shout in an awe-struck voice.

Allen looks up from whatever he's pretending to do, jumps to his feet and practically runs over to me. Jesus, he can't even move properly, idiot. He stands beside me, we look at each other briefly, then look at the flag. The light coming from behind the flag is blinding, and I have to squint to see the crimson and gold draped around the pole.

A long, uncomfortable silence encompasses us. I start to get nervous, and it's showing. I can feel sweat start to trickle down my brow. Goddamnit Allen, say something! I hold my amazed and perplexed look for what seems like an eternity, but I can't take it any longer. I look over at Allen and give him a death stare. He looks back with a stupid stare.

"Uh...umm, I forgot my line."

"Cut!" shouts the director.

"Christ, are you serious?" I shout into Allen's stupid face. I tear my helmet off and throw it on the ground. "That's the third time! Someone shut that damn light off, and put some water down on this stuff, I can't breath in this dust!" I shout to anyone on the set listening, coughing as I do.

"Alright guys, let's just take a 15 minute break. We'll try again after." Exclaims the exhasperated director.

The crew saunters away from their cameras and lights, shutting everything down, about ready to quit for the day. How the hell did I end up in this crap B movie anyways? Fed up with my co-star's ineptitude, I storm off, ripping the suit off as I go. 

Somewhere in this universe there's intelligent life, but it's not on this movie set. Goddamnit Allen.