"Mommy", the little child said approaching his mother, who was looking through the hatch's window. "Ssshh. Please, Yanus." She said, lowering her voice to a murmur. "Are the monsters out there?", asked the always curious, but now scared boy. "Yes" she said bluntly. There was no point in sugarcoating anything from him, not at this moment.

"Do you have any confirmation from the gas shuttle?" Now she asked me. "10 minutes" I nodded. There were ten of us, inside the small bunker. It had only one way in and out, and across a long tunnel the coupling module where the gas shuttle should be ready to go. If only it was that simple, as the monsters were nearby. At least Laila was a fighter, she knew how to defend herself. The rest of us not so.

At the beginning, it was all good: we would send our best diplomats to deal with this new race of beings, aliens, they look like us in many ways but very different underneath. They would come in small batches of two or three at a time. Of course, we didn't know their true nature, their intentions, their transformation when they found out about all our precious resources and our resistance to the environment. You see, we manage to survive our planet's behavior because we understand it, and they are fragile, unlike their weapons and technology.

Once they figured out a way to block our moon's light reflection upon us, we could no longer transform. Since we lived in small groups, they would block out the sky around each village with their big ships and weird technology. After a few minutes not a single warrior was able to withstand their assault, eslaving or killing all of our kind. Here, we could not change into 'werewolves' as they call us. We could not see any of the 64 moons inside this small gas mining structure. But we would not be contained, we had a plan to escape.

"Get ready" Laila commanded. "Yanus, ready to run for the shuttle, OK?" All of us got up. Beaten, tired, with no weapons and no way to transform ourselves... ...but we had to try.

"Shuttle is ready" I said when the green indicator on the screen I was monitoring lighted up. She opened the hatch and smelling the air instructed us to go low and slow. The long tunnel was about twenty *long-walks*, but it felt like thousands. We heard faint, metallic sounds in the corridors connecting to the tunnel but nothing indicating near 'human' presence. Suddently, I glimpsed a shadow at the end of one of the corridors and I could see that it looked at me. "No..." I shuddered.

It screamed something in their human language that I did not heard clearly, nor understand, but I knew they would come, hard and fast against us. "RUN! THEY COME!" I yelled. Our footsteps were loud, but their space boot's *CLANG!* was louder and louder. Just a few more steps and we would be in the shuttle, but they were very close. We could smell their presence now.

"HEARDEIAR!" one shouted in their weird language. I heard two loud bangs and one of our kind fell. No time to look, nor save them. We already knew it was a death sentence. More bangs followed, pain stopped for those who fell but our hearts ached on each death.

Yanus, the youngling, ran faster than most of us and reached the coupling module's hatch, but struggled to open it. It didn't matter, it was opened from the inside by one of us. "NOW! HERE!" he commanded. Yanus, Jaor, Mila and Launter got inside. Laila was by the door when I got inside and for a brief small moment, I could see a strong determination in her eyes. She was not going inside with us. Instead, closed the door before shouts, screams, and several loud bangs were heard.

"MOOOM!" yelled Yanus. It didn't matter. She was gone but at least she could make time for us. The shuttle commander released the ship and finally we were able to escape.

"Where to?" I asked when things were a bit calmer, except for Yanus who was in a sea of tears hugging Mila, who was trying in vain to comfort him.

"Ainatt" the commander said. An alliance of all our kind has formed. It is safe for now: there the old can live, and us... train for war. For freedom and revenge against all humans. He said this, looking at Yanus with hope.