"fucking tiny brain pincil pushers. You've doomed us all! Mother fuckers. I had it, i fucking had it! But noooo, *urrrrrpppp* you just had to prove you were soooo smart. Called in the special forces and the seal team to diable the federations nutrino bomb. It's a nutrino bomb. My grandson could disarm a nutrino bomb is his sleep! And you couldn't even do that right. Not even that. A baby could do it! Now look at where we are. The SW quadrant is a cluster, a real cluster fuck, *uurrrrppp* like a toddler threw up eye holes cereal all over the map. The federation is invading... where the hell is my gear box multi tool God damnit!... Whatever I'll use symtex 9. ". 


After taking a long pull from his flask Rick grabbed his forhead and took a deep breath, he stashed the last of his gear in his bag, grabbed his vibro sword and started marching. Each step took him closer to his goal, his lab, his life, his freedom.


"Join the citidel they said, you are just like us, you could be the best of us. Well I'd have to be, my granddaughter's dog had more balls than you spinless unimaginative retards." He mutters as he throws another symtex 9 grenade. "This is the last time I help you for free! You hear me counsel of Rick's?! I'll clean up your mess and then I'm out, and don't fuck with me after that. I'm I'm I'm grabbing Morty from that federation holding cell and I'm out. I'm not loosing anymore."


He knew they heard him, they always had eyes on him, didn't trust him. They were right, though, he was the best of them. He had what they would never have. He still had his family, and that was how they thought they could control him, extort him to help. It was no accident morties room was in the first section taken over by the federation. The counsel knew the attack as coming before they assigned them a suite. 


They miscalculated though. Rick had 2 more things that they didn't know. The first was allies. The other Rick's could only deal with themselves and morties, THE Rick, despite being a raging ass, had comrads. Allies. Bird person was waiting in a cloaked falcon to extract them in a flash. Squanchie was covering his back as they scrambled through sector 7-G on their way through the smoke filled citidel.


There was one more thing Rick had. Call it the devils own luck, call it intuition, call it what you will, whatever it was Rick had it. Somewhere along the way he got this 6th sense, some kind of infinate possibility imagination that let's him come up with the perfect plan. Always. Well... Almost perfect, sometimes the plan only changed the situation instead of resolving it, but sooner or later everything always worked out ok in the end. 


Squanchie asked him how he does it once. Rick didn't rightly know and only answered that it was something he found one day in the bottom of his flask.