"Well boys? What's it going to be?" The DM smiled contently at the disdain of his friends sitting before him. He gathered the five of them to play some DnD, but somehow they managed to get stuck into a war \- on the losing side.

"The plan is PEACE, right?" The cleric asked, with splintered fingers and tired arms.

"Peace?! Never!" Jeremy slammed his hand onto the table, causing the miniatures to jump in their place.

Greg leaned in, a concerned look in his eye. "Is that your character saying that, or are YOU saying that?"

"Oh! Uh." The thief cleared his throat, pounding his chest with his hand. "Peace? I will not have it!" He gave a jaunty thumbs up.

The cleric sighed but the fighter was more outright with his frustrations.

"Do you REALLY believe we're going with your plan?"

"Guys! It's full proof!" Jeremy threw his arms up and looked around the room hopelessly. "Every time I suggest this plan, you guys always turn it down! Between Jeremy's master craftsmanship\-\-"

"ESTEVAN'S master craftsmanship." Greg interrupted, taking a sip of his soda afterwards.

"RIGHT. Estevan's master crastmanship \- and my brilliance in the art of lying, it's gotta work!"

"No, Jeremy, it won't. We been over this a hundred times." Marcus rubbed his eyes in frustration with one hand while idly playing with his dice with his other. "This plan is dumb and you should feel dumb."

"Guys, we're LOSING. You heard the guys at the top \- they're RETREATING. What do we have to lose?!" Jeremy, once again, looked around the room for hope.

"Exactly, THEY are retreating. So let them retreat! It's not our war! We just got caught up in it, let THEM lose!" Greg began poking his finger towards Jeremy who sat across from him. "I did NOT put this much work into my cleric to get him banged up and killed over some stupid plot you cooked up overnight!"

"You already did the important parts! All I need is you guys to do various hide checks\-" Jeremy tried to plead with his friends, but was now interrupted by a greater power.

"You guys DID already go this far with the plan." The DM smirked from the side of his mouth, sipping on some iced tea.

"You just want to see us fail." Marcus chimed in again, rolling his eyes. "My hide is terrible. I'm not doing it."

"Noooo! Guys!" Jeremy whined, stomping his feet.

"This is the THIRD TIME you suggested this, and sure, yeah, we come this far with the plan \- but I thought it was just to waste time until eight so we could eat and go HOME." Drew shook his head, eyeballing his druid figurine at the middle of the table. "A few of us MIGHT be able to pull it off, but this plan is honestly trash."

"What?!" Jeremy sounded, surprisingly, surprised. "Guys!"

"Yeah, I kind of agree. We're not even doing any of this in character anymore, and it's killing my buzz, so..." Greg shrugged his shoulders, looking a tad helpless.

"Okay, should we take a vote?" The DM asked, relaxing in his chair. "Because I'm good with retreat or plan F."

"Guys..." Jeremy scrunched his face up in anger. "If you don't go along with this plan, I'm NOT sharing any of my mothers cookies after the game." Jeremy crossed his arms, sneering at the table, beaming his frustrations.

".... Was THAT in character?" Tim asked from the other end of the table, finally paying attention.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

The thief and the fighter pulled on a giant rope, passing their strength checks all along the way to the enemy fortress.

"Okay, let me do the talking." The thief murmured to the fighter, as if it weren't already obvious which had the higher bluff chance.

"Halt!" One of the guards roared out, holding a hand up. His golden armored reflected in the sun's sinking light, and his hand held steady on the hilt of a wicked sword. "What is this massive statue you have brought?""Aha! You have noticed it's beauty, yes?" The thief held up his hand, smiling proudly. "Quite the monument."

"Ugh I forgot he had a bad Italian accent." Marcus sighed, still playing with his own dice.

"We thought all your armies have left this land. Is this some sort of trick?!" The guard readied himself, but Jeremy held up a hand.

"How does he know it's a trick?!" He demanded an answer.

"He\- He doesn't, Jeremy." The DM closed his eyes for a second. "Go on. Make your bluff and then roll the dice." He seemed just as eager now to get this over with.

"Ah! No tricks here! This is a gift! It is from Athena herself! I hear this mighty horse will increase your strength modifiers by an unprecede\-" Before he could finish, the DM cut him off once more.

"No no no no, stop. Just... roll the dice now." The DM lifted his tea up to his mouth.

Jeremy rolled for his bluff check.

20.

Tea came spraying out of the DM's mouth, followed by an audible grunt.

"Uh. Uuuuh." The DM stuttered, trying to get back into character. "Uuuh... Yes... Yes, it does indeed look like quite the um... monument. We will accept this gift.... Open the gates!"

The rest of the party sat by with dropped jaws and wide eyes while Jeremy sat up proudly in his seat. His rather delightful newly found demeanor was put on hold when he heard the DM say:

"Everyone that ISN'T Jeremy... Make... hide... checks..."

He watched as everyone soon made passing rolls. Hide checks. Sneak checks. Combat rolls. An entire base fell, all at the plan of a thief and his Trojan Horse.