I feel consciousness swimming back into my mind, and reach with my right hand to rub the sleep out of my eyes.  Or that's the plan anyway.  My right arm doesn't go anywhere.  I open my eyes and look at my right hand, finding it tied--surprisingly securely--to the arm of a wooden chair.  *Well I must not be seeing this right*, I think, this time trying to clear my eyes with my left hand, before finding it similarly tied down.  

The blinds are drawn, but from the small slice of light sneaking between them and falling along the wall, it seems to be nearly dusk.  The last thing I remembered was attempting to slam the door on a pair of Jehova's Witnesses, and accidentally--painfully--catching my foot.  I'd blamed them for it, shouted expletives that, I'm surprised to say, I can no longer find in me to recount.  

I try to guess at what has happened.  It seems like a possible robbery in progress.  Looking around the room, I see that the broom is propped against the wall with a half-full dust-pan, a small pile of dust that must have been pulled from beneath the TV stand on the hardwood floor, abandoned by whomever had left the job unfinished.  Do the perpetrators of home invasions typically do housecleaning?  I made a mental note to finish the job, and also clean the ceiling fan blades once I managed to free myself from my current bind.

I opened my mouth to call out to whomever has tied me down here.  *Come out here and let me free you sons of--*

"Pardon me, may I please get some assistance?"  

That was my voice.  That was not what I'd meant to say.  The door into the kitchen opens, and Rebecca, my wife runs in, looking panicked, tears in her eyes.  Following her through the door is a man at least a half foot taller than I am, jeans and a black leather jacket with a silver skull emblem on the chest.  Through the red bandanna tied around his brow, he appears to be bald, but his long beard is dark red, streaked with gray. 

*Who the fu--*

"Pleased to meet you; I don't believe we've met."

Rebecca speaks first.  "Oh Randy, how did this happen?  Why did it happen to us?"  She falls to her knees and rests both of her hand on mine, sobbing.

*What on earth you talking abou--*

"I'm afraid I'm a little confused, but whatever hardship has befallen us, I'm sure that we can find a way to turn it into a strength.  It is in facing life's obstacles that we learn to rely on each other."

She looks at me in horror, and then turns to the grim, leather-clad giant standing over me.  He looks down at her, and his mouth twists into a sympathetic frown.  He nods.  

"'fraid your initial suspicions were right ma'am.  This might be the most advanced case I've yet encountered."

*Are you planning to get around to telling me who you are any time soon?*

"You've still got me at something of a loss I'm afraid.  My name's Randall, and I'm pleased to make your acquaintance, but I'm afraid under the circumstances, I can't shake your hand.  Perhaps if you'd tie me to the rocking chair instead?"

Rebecca's voice quavers, and she sobs again.  "It's a trick, isn't it?  If we untie him, he's going to...  to do something, isn't he?"  

"No ma'am.  If I untie him, he'll meekly thank me for the consideration, and allow me to tie him right up again to the other chair.  I'm afraid your husband is no longer capable of trickery or deceit."  He says this with the manner of a doctor telling a concerned family member that his patient may never walk again.  He turns to me.  "The name I go by--and the only name I'll give to the likes of you--is Razorback.  I'm a member of the local chapter of The Valley Predators.  You may have heard of us."

I've heard of them.  The Valley Predators are a notorious biker gang.  I must have peeved off the wrong people to attract the attention of a fudging biker gang.  Err...  I mean, *fudging*.  No, I don't mean fudging.  What I can't even narrate expletives?  Gosh-darn it, what is this bull-shampoo?

"Oh, I'm very aware of you.  I must say, though I don't approve of violence, I found your demonstrations to promote anarchy a joy.  There's such an underappreciated level of dedication that must go into making sure to have everyone on the same page in ideological expression, and the molotov cocktails made for a striking visual."

Razorback's eyebrows shot up, and I realized he had been intentionally maintaining a stony expression so far.  "Oh thank you for saying so.  You know, most people don't realize molotov's aren't really made with alcohol.  It won't work.  You've got to get a proper mix, and making sure that there's enough made ahead of time, both for those who have RSVP'ed and the last-minute arrivals is--" he broke off, and flushed red, setting his jaw.  When he spoke again, he stared into my eyes, but his words were meant for my wife.  "You see how easy it is to be taken in, to be *encouraged* by their talk?  They make you think they're your friends.  That they want what's best for you.  And the hell of it is, they're tellin' the truth.  You leave this untreated, and your husband is going to be friendly, kind, and selfless until the day he dies."

"Oh can't you please do something.  Can't you fix this?  I was told you were the best."

"I will do what I can, but I will need your assistance.  Whatever you do, you must not falter.  You see, the angel that has possessed your husband is strong, and if we play this game his way, we can't possibly win.  He will simply encourage us, and tell us what a good job we're doing, until we stop, satisfied that our efforts have been sufficient."  He spits in disgust.  Forgetting my bindings, I try to stand to grab the paper towels, and find myself unable.  "Oh that bothers you, does it?"

*Yeah, I don't like when sugar-eating mallard-feathers spit on my floor!*

"I can accommodate any intrusion in the name of being a gracious host."

"Mrs. Abbott.  Would you please bring the tortilla chips.  And the dip."  My wife scurries from the room, and returns moments later with both.  They must have been preparing it in the kitchen when I was unconscious.  He takes one of the chips, and dips it into the cheese dip, scoops a great glob of it, and raises it to his mouth.  Slowly.  Droplets fall to the floor.  My breath catches in my throat, but before I can think further, the broken segment of the chip is back in the dip.  Double-dipped.  I feel a trembling deep in my gut.  He takes a glass of water from the table, drinks from it and sets it back--not on a coaster.  I feel tears welling up in my eyes.

"Please make yourself at home," I hear myself saying.

The following hours are a blur of turning the other cheek to offense.  First, Razorback taught Rebecca to "throw up the horns" and headbang, while he read excerpted lyrics from various rock and roll musicians.  I was forced to endure the horrible shame of being exposed to the Sports Illustrated Swim Suit Issue.  Then a table was brought out, arcane tomes and maps laid upon it, and Razorback initiated me into the dark revelry of Dungeons & Dragons.  Against my wishes, I was not allowed to play a Paladin.  Instead, I was forced--not through any malediction of Razorbacks, but purely by the chance rolls of the dice--to embark on my journey as a practitioner of the dark arts--a bicurious gnome sorcerer.

Now, sweat pouring down my neck and staining my shirt, my wrists slick and rubbing against the ropes, I find myself mentally ready to break.

"You're doing a magnificent job," I tell him.

"You're a tough one alright," Razorback has removed his jacket in his exertions, and his hands shake.  "But I've saved the best for last."  He turns to Rebecca.  "Mrs. Abbott.  Bring me the last resort."

"I..."  She looks at me, and her voice trembles.  "I can't.  I can't do that to him."

"We can't give up now.  If we don't flush him out tonight, now, your husband is on his way to sainthood.  You want that on your conscience?  You want to explain that to his mother?"  Rebecca hangs her head, and tears fall from her eyes.  She steps out for a moment, and returns holding something small and rectangular in her hands.  She holds it out to Razorback as though she's scared of it.  As though she can barely stand to hold it close to her.

"I won't stop you but..."  She sobs.  "But I can't watch this."  She runs from the room, and I can hear her wailing in the kitchen.  

Razorback splits the rectangle, opening it, and I realize it is a DVD case.  A shiny silver disc is pulled from it, without a word, without even the smugness of triumph, Razorback places the DVD into the player, and switches on the TV.  "I'm sorry about this, Randy.  I am."  The FBI copyright warning comes up, and the wait is almost more than I can bear.  What am I going to be forced to watch?  And then the familiar music builds, and the title menu displays.  "Footloose is a timeless movie of youthful rebellion against the stifling ideals of well-meaning adults," Razorback explains, though the movie needs no introduction in its infamy.  "You will be cured long before it's over, but we're watching it all the way through.  We're burning this out of your soul once and for all."

I struggle against the ropes, but I'm not getting free.  

*Mother Fucker...*