**I'd really appreciate some feedback on the below... first time I've done some writing in a while so don't feel particularly confident.**  

I’ve never rejoiced in writing about my experiences. In fact, I’ve probably barely ever rejoiced in writing at all. I’ve spent enough hours within the education system and endless night classes to never have to put pen to paper or fingers to keys for a lifetime, but we can’t all have what we wish for and I guess someone should probably know about this. Hence, that’s why I’m emailing you. So please forgive me for seemingly vanishing off the face of the earth and never offering you any explanation as to whether I am dead or alive. Things have been fine – perhaps great – but I can’t shake the feeling that something bad is happening to me or involving me. Maybe you can put my mind at ease, like you always used to when things were bad. Again, I am sorry, but this is important.

You know how I never focus on the past much? I try to forget events as soon as they’ve happened. My future is my focal concern. After all, it’s all that *really* matters. Yet, my unconscious sleeping mind has other ideas. As much as I meditate and drink myself into oblivion, I can’t help but see *his* face – and you know who *he* is – in my dreams every evening. I’d forgotten it had even happened; I’d repressed each memory in the deepest corners of my mind. We’re never doing anything particularly concerning, just running around the woods behind my childhood home - except we’re both fully-grown adults and as the night develops, our innocent game of chase seems to turn into a predatory hunting match. I’m the one being hunted. I was worried when the dream carried through into each night, soon becoming a part of my daytime thoughts. You’d imagine there’d be progress but no, every time he got close to placing his paws on me, I woke up.

I’ve taking the next week off work. I can’t bare to see anyone in person right now. The apartments a mess. I know you’re reading this and thinking I’m overreacting, but the truth is, I went to see him. One of my oldest tricks to suppressing the feelings I don’t want to feel and experiences I do not want to remember is granting myself closure. Whether it be a dreadful day at work or an issue elsewhere, it’s always worked and of course, my sleep had always gone undisturbed. I thought that I did the same with him. But, maybe it was rushed or maybe I was too young to understand effective closure. Maybe that’s why this is haunting me now.

I was placed in front of him. The man of my childhood’s living nightmares, and the man threatening my adult subconscious too. The thing is, the dreams don’t really matter, but his response to my unannounced visit is what matters.

“Hello Alexa. You haven’t fallen over during our games of chase yet.”

And that’s it. I don’t know how he knew, but with all my pleading and crying he wouldn’t tell me. He just stared straight through me. He knows something that I don’t; like he always did, just like when I was five years old. I can’t help but feel watched, as though something sinister is happening to me, inside of me. I never told anyone. I leave the past where it is, you know this. I am so desperate, but nobody understands. I just need help.