
"You monster! Innocent people will die because of you! You better tell me right now where the bomb is!" screamed at me Venera. She looks so lovely when she is angry. Her cute blond braids shake as she is hitting the table out of frustration. I should have thought of getting captured - and getting some alone time with her - way quicker.

"So... what are you doing later today?" I asked her in a playful tone and with a genuine interest and grin.
"What? Is this some sick game to you?!?" the heroine replied with even more intensive anger.
"Playing hard to get, I see..."
"Where is the bomb, you sick bastard?"
"We have hardly met and you are so fixated on what I do and what I have done. You're such a golddigger!" 
"Talk!"
"I will tell you if..."
"What do you want? Money? Power? The key to Futuropolis?"
"Don't interrupt me, dear. I wasn't finished. As I was saying - I will tell you if... you go out with me tonight!"
"But the bomb is set to explode in half an hour! We don't have time for that!"
"The note said that it will explode at 18:00, it didn't say today. It is scheduled for tomorrow! Now if you uncuff me, I need to go to a shower and... maybe do some... gardening."
"The lengths I go for Futuropolis..." Venera said while rolling her eyes and uncuffing my hands.
"So, that's a yes! Meet me at Johan's at 8 o'clock."

2 and a half hours and one getting-ready-for-a-date montage later.

This suit isn't very comfortable, now I know why everbody respected Lawyerman so much. But I have to admit, I do look fabulous in it. I hope she arrives. At least I had enough time for reading though the menu. Maybe she likes people who know their beer. Maybe she doesn't know how I look with a suit! It's quite hard to know it's me when I'm not doing the evil Demolitionist gimmick.

- sigh - 

She isn't comming is she? It's five past eight, maybe she finds me too repulsive. Oh, who is that woman in the light blue dress and - oh my God - cute blonde braids... It's her! She takes a long look around the restaurant until she notices an empty seat next to me and a visually excited me. I better do a wave or a smile so she knows it's me. She sighed. Maybe I overdid it. Here goes nothing!

"Hi, Ven--"
"Shh! It's Jeniffer."
"I like your name. I guess it should be only fair if I said mine. I'm Brandon."
"Well, hello, Brandon, I guess..."

After a 30 minutes of awkward silence and even more weird looks thrown each other's way, the only relief being the waiter who took the order.

"You look worried. Is something bothering you?"
"Oh, nothing. Or maybe, just maybe, it is the setting we both are in. I swear, I tried to kill you six days ago and now we are sitting at one table at one of the most normal restaurants in Futuropolis. Is something bothering me? Maybe the people who are held hostage just for this morbid date to happen."
"Oh, that. Well, you can be reliefed as there is no bomb. I made that up."
"But why?"
"I really - and I do mean really - wanted to meet you and... I sort of have a crush on you. And it may or may not be the reason why I became a villain in the first place."
"I'm speechless. You did all that... just to meet me? All the murders--"
"I haven't killed or injured anybody."
"All the destroyed buildings--"
"Abondened and scheduled for demolition."
"All the bank robberies--"
"That was payback for the housing market fall."
She let out a giggle, at least I did something right this date!
"Call me quick to change my mind, but my view of you changed for the better. Maybe there is a chance for something here."

Brandon changed for the better, Jeniffer decided that Futuropolis had enough heroes and she could leave her mantle of Venera. They had 2 strong years together until Brandon got sick of her clogging the drain with her long blond hair. Then he decided to go for a simple demolition job position and leave his life of crime and heroines behind.



