"Excuse me, detective? Are you suggesting I robbed my own bank?"

"So you now claim to own the bank, not merely work there? Your colleagues are under the impression you're unable to lie, Ms... Hansome? Am I pronouncing that correctly?"

"Yes, you are. And of course they're under that impression, I have a condition. Made my life in school very difficult, let me tell you. But the boss liked having a security chief that couldn't lie to him, so the pool of candidates was rather small. You'll need to warrant to get my medical file for proof of that, I'm afraid, my boss doens't want that getting out."

"So assuming I believe you on that, it says here you were one of the few people present in the building during the heist. What was it that you were doing?"

"Ah, I'm afraid I can't answer part of your question. Most of it would fall under my NDA, so you'll have to talk to my boss for that. What I can freely answer though, is that I was doing the job I was given. On a normal day, that ranges from checking the status of the different security systems, reviewing the performance of the guards, trying to find flaws in our existing security system and petitioning the board for an increased budget to spend on improvements. On bad days, I'll be doing a lot of paperwork. I'm fairly sure most of the office would say this was a bad day."


"Well, you could have had a profession as a lawyer with that answer."

"Oh no, you forgot my condition. I've heard you have to be able to lie well to be a good lawyer."

"Right. So let me get this straight. On the day of the heist, did anything happen out of the ordinary?"

"Well, for one, the alarms went off. That doesn't normally happen. When the Head Teller opened the vault, a whole bundle of cash was missing. That's also pretty extraordinary. But I suppose you're asking about if the things went strange from my perspective. When the alarms went off, I set in motion some plans I had made with my team, which would allow us to complete our objective. In case you don't know, the guards objective in case of a robbery is to subdue and arrest any would-be criminals. I've instructed the guards with different routes they have to follow, which minimise the ability of unprepared criminals to escape the scene. Unfortunately for the bank, the robbers seem to have been prepared for these tactics. I'll have to set up an internal investigation to see who could have leaked them that information. Do you have any other questions?"

"Yeah, just one. If you had to guess, who would you say leaked the information?"

"I'd really rather not say."