I still didn't understand any of it.

But at this point, my body was being completely controlled by the adrenaline as I peeked over the counter again. In the now-decimated library, there were still papers everywhere, and nothing still made any sense. My eyes glided over the room again, spurring a flutter of pleasure inside me when I saw nobody else had entered.

One thing, however, had killed that pleasure, and it was the llama. 

It was throwing up.

I had to forcefully resist the urge to throw my fucking shotgun as I jumped up onto the desk I'd been hiding behind and rushed over to it. I could *not* have it throwing up. Each time the llama threw up, it docked even more time from my clock, and I knew it. I cursed myself for forgetting about the thing during the last fight, but I'd had a lot to think about.

I switched the shotgun to my left hand, my right searching my pockets for any more of the llama meds I'd bought. I had already used a lot of it, and I just had to hope that there was more. 

My hands glided over fabric, searching every millimeter they could before they found it. There, in my pocket, was a small cardboard box filled with horse-pills simply called 'Llama Medication.' 

If there was one thing I was hating most about this damn game, besides all the imminent danger, it was the lazy design. Whoever the fuck the Host actually was, when I won this damn thing, I was ripping his fucking heart out.

I stopped for a second, blinking multiple times as I tried to get the llama to eat the pills I had in my right hand. 

Where had that thought come from? Would I really rip some guy's heart out? Why had I thought that with such determination?

The questions I asked myself worried me. I found no answer in my own head and, as the llama licked my now-empty palm, I shivered.

I wiped my palm on my pants and saw all of the dirt and dried blood that covered them, my eyes widened again and I was on the verge of falling to my knees. 

What the fuck had I done? Had I really killed people?

Again, I had no answers to my own questions, and that fact made me shiver.

But suddenly, in the distance, I heard something that made it crystal clear that I had no time to worry. The fear of death was kicked back in me by the police sirens and my burning legs were forced to move. I did *not* want to deal with any more police.

I respected the men in uniform, they'd done a good job of protecting me up until about 10:30 AM today, but ever since, they'd only been a nuisance. 10:30 was the time when the Host had announced all of the 'candidates' and it was also the time when he'd announced *me* as one of them.

Ever since then, everything had been a complete shitshow as wild occurrence after wild occurrence had chased me through the downtown streets and almost all the way to the public library. 

The sirens blared in the distance, forcing me back to reality, and I spat on the ground. My spit didn't reach the ground though and instead of a slightly-wet carpet, I was met with a much more grotesque sight.

Lying on the ground there, still wriggling next to the nun's body, was one of the 'props.' The human-looking thing was still crawling, lying right where I'd thought I had killed him, and he was punching her. The sight made me sick, even crippled and nearly dead, he still had some drive, and he used that to punch a nun.

I moved the shotgun back into my right hand, pointing it right down at the head of the prop, and I shot.

3 left.

The barrel shuddered, my arm feeling the shock of the gun and I thanked the Host silently for the one thing in this damn game that was good for me. No matter how badly designed or unforgivable most of the things that were happening were, at least the guns were easier to use, and as I popped out the shells from the double-barrel, it was something I was actually thankful.

The prop's head splattered open, fake blood and gore spewing all over the carpet of the library. Only the void that was my empty stomach prevented me from puking right then and there.

I knew they weren't actually people, the props were just 'things' that the Host used to make the game 'more interesting.' I knew the fact well and clear, one of the few things I did know in the sea of chaos that had recently become my life, but that didn't make seeing the fake gore any better.

I tore my eyes away from the sight, sparing only a single glance toward the llama to make sure it wasn't puking anymore. It wasn't, and a slight smile tugged at my lips. It was the first time that even the ghost of a smile had reached me in multiple hours.

And it was quickly interrupted.

The sirens came closer and I heard the distinct sound of tires screeching to a halt outside of the library.

Shit.

I had to keep moving, I still had to find the 7 of clubs, and another altercation with the cops was not going to further that goal.

I cursed, biting my lip as to not spit again, and moved on to the next room.

The card was in the next room, I knew it, it had to be. All the 'clues' that the Host had left pointed to this library, and I had a clue of where it would be.

I walked into the next section of the library, nearly gawking at the clean, unbloodied bookshelves, and I clutched the shotgun close to my chest.

It had to be here somewhere.

My eyes scanned the shelves, my emotional brain thanking me for knowing the Dewy Decimal System, and finally, I found it.

*The Book of Cards*, it was a book that was featured in the Host's announcement of the game, when he'd taken over all of the TV stations. When he'd detailed his deranged ass contest, he'd pointed to the book while describing the goal.

Us, the candidates, were supposed to gather all the cards, and from what I'd gathered thus far, the first one was the 7 of clubs, and it was probably in this book.

I opened the book, my fingers working at lightning speed as they turned page after page. I didn't know this book; I didn't know where to search for the card; I didn't even know if it was even *in* here, but I had to hope. My hand stumbled on itself without the help of its counterpart, which was still holding the shotgun, I was getting desperate.

Was the card even in here? Had I been misled? Was I going to get arrested?

More questions that I didn't have the answers to appeared in my mind and I searched, even more, page after page, it looked like I wouldn't find it. Until I did.

On page 144—such a random fucking page, there was a nice-looking custom 7 of clubs staring right back at me. 

I let go of a breath I didn't even know I was holding in and grabbed the card. I let the book fall to the floor, it wasn't important anymore, I'd gotten the card. I was all the closer to winning this vile game, I was all the closer to saving them.

I looked over the card, flipping it around in my fingers, looking at it and analyzing its structure. I was looking for clues. The Host had said that each card contained a clue for the next, and I needed to find the next card if I wanted to win.

I kept flipping the card in my hand, seeing nothing but a fancy gold trim and a strange jester-like logo on the bottom, but no clues. The card landed on my pinky finger for the first time, immediately flipping it over, and something happened.

Coming right off the card, a small hologram appeared on its face, taunting me with its futuristic blue light, and it formed into something. There, in the hologram, stood a man covered in all black, his face in complete shadow, next to a large game show wheel.

The man looked to me, staring right at me through the hologram, and chuckled before raising his arms high and spinning the wheel.

I saw card after card come up on the spinner, my eyes having trouble tracking each one of them as they passed. My empty stomach turned at the completely vile way the hologram was controlling my fate.

The spinner slowed, coming to a stop on a quite-special card, and the man in black chuckled again.

The Ace of Spades.

The next card, its form displayed perfectly through the hologram, taunted me with its grandness, and I almost ripped the card in my hand to shreds.

But I didn't, and after the next few seconds, I was glad I didn't.

A series of coordinates appeared on the hologram, hanging there for only a second before it disappeared. My eyes widened for a moment, but somehow, in my crazed state, I noticed the change.

Suddenly, where there had only been white before, there was the distinct black outline of the coordinates, burned right into the card that I was holding. That was the location of the next one.

I stared at it for only a few seconds, putting the card in my pocket and grabbing the shotgun once again with two hands. I knew where the next one was, but I still had to survive long enough to get there. And, as I heard yelling and stomping echo throughout the library, I knew I'd made the right decision.

---

/r/Palmerranian

Well, I decided to do a Part 2. The second part is contained within the first part's post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Palmerranian/comments/ara1rv/the_full_deck_12/)

&nbsp;