Soothsayer scribbled a note, handing it to the father. Her face was lined with deep sorrow. Reading the note, the father let out a hard sigh, closed his eyes, and turned to face his boy- lying in a crib. The baby opened his blue eyes and looked at his dad, smiling in recognition.

Arnold ran home, his backpack swinging up and down- cutting his strait off balance and retarding his pace. Behind him a voice rang out, 
"slow down why don't you? I can't run as darn fast as a soccer pro!"
Pumping his legs even harder, Arnold called back,
"Hey, last one back is a rotten egg! Haha!"
The cold October wind bite his nose and rushed into his lungs. Arnold recalled the October of last year whose stormy weather heavily contrasted today's. His birthday was going to be great this year, he just knew it. Reaching the outside of his house, he took a seat on his lawn and waited for Tim to catch up. His footsteps had become distant a while ago and Arnold knew he had made a sizable distance between them. Arnold studied the blue truck in the driveway that signaled his father was home. What surprise did his father have in store for him this year? Thirteen is a special birthday- marking the transition towards an increased amount of responsibility placed on adolescents. Tim finally became visible turning onto the street and Arnold giggled at the scrunched curves of Tim's eyebrows that were drenched in sweat.

"Bogey on my tail! I can't shake him! Drop behind and give me some clearance!" The wings of the two F-15's screeched across the deep blue sky over southern Afghanistan. A third aircraft dropped behind 1 kilometer without any noticeable markings to identify its country of origin. The only thing Arnold knew was that it was not friendly. Over his radio, Tim's voice shouted, "Dropping back and raising al-". Arnold looked to his right to see the wing of the Eagle letting out a trail of black smoke. Arnold dropped his aircraft and lowered his thrust, allowing the trailing aircraft to speed by and locked his weapons on the enemy- firing a single burst and disabling the center console of the aircraft. Watching it drop to the landscape ahead, Arnold yelled "Tim, your wing is down! Eject now!" "I can't, Arnold, it must be jammed. Look, you need to listen now. I know I cannot stand the pain from a crash- it isn't worth the disability it might cause- I could be paralyzed and not be able to speak. You know how hard life is for the immortal mutes. Just tell me the words, I need to go peacefully." Arnold spoke the words over his comms. He stared at Tim's jet lowering towards the harsh ground below and waited for a response. Slowly, Tim answered back "Romans 8:18" and began reciting "But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not even as others which have no hope." The comms went silent and Arnold watched as his brother's plane made contact and disappeared beneath the black cloud of ash and smoke.