I remember that her eyes shifted rapidly towards an older man across the row and their eyes met before she looked back at me.  She stuttered as she replied “Sorry, please excuse me, my name is Jaini.”.  

I couldn’t quite gauge where I stood based on the tone she used, it was somewhere between cordial and anxious.  “Hello Jaini, my name is Alan, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”.  I smiled and put out my hand as if to shake and feel that sinking sensation when your body does something before your brain has a chance to consider it.  Here’s this lady that has been on the bus every day since I got this job downtown two years ago and I’m about to botch it and have to find another means of transportation.

Her eyes squinted slightly at the gesture but she extended her hand and granted me the lightest shake. “Nice to meet you Alan…” she trailed off as though she had more she wanted to say but then remained silent.

We began to make small talk as the bus trudged on from stop to stop.  She said that she had been riding that bus “for as long as she could remember.”, and I found myself droning on about superficial meaningless things as the bus approached my stop.  
When it reached the corner near my office, I told her “It was great talking to you, I’ll see you tomorrow.”.  She replied “Yes it was nice talking with you, have a good day.”.  As I walked past her row, I saw the older gentleman lower his newspaper and they locked eyes momentarily.

I thought nothing of it as I was on cloud nine the moment the bus pulled away.  At the time it didn’t occur to me that over a 45-minute time span I couldn’t recall any specific thing she had told me.

The next day, I woke up and for the first time in a long time, I was actually excited about my day.  At some point your adult days blend together into one big fuzzy mess, and meeting someone new was like adding a mark in your timeline, before and after meeting that person. I could not wait to get on the bus that day.

We quickly fell into the same sort of small talk as the bus travelled slowly from the park and ride towards the city.  Before I realized it, the bus had passed my stop.  It was probably clear what had happened as I glanced around anxiously upon realizing my mistake and Jaini asked me “Is everything alright?”.  “Yeah sure, I just uh... missed my stop.  I’ll hop off at the next one.” I replied.

She paused for a moment and then said without a sense of anxiousness “I also missed my stop.”.  I suggested we both get off at the next stop and split a car to drop us off at our offices.  She glanced at the older man quickly and then back to me.  Her eyes were so bright in that moment, and she quickly nodded.  This felt like the next step, moving from bus acquaintances to something… more, and it felt amazing.

A few minutes later, the bus shuffled to a stop.  I got up from my seat behind Jaini and waited for her to come out of her row.  As I stood there adjusting my bag on my shoulder, I saw some movement in my peripheral as the older gentleman moved.  As I glanced over he pointed to a piece of paper on the ground.  As I reached down, he reached out and grabbed my wrist.  I felt a static shock as he touched me and his grip was abnormally firm.  As I pulled my hand up with the paper, he released his grip. I handed him the paper and he said in a gravelly voice “Thank you for your time.”.

I stared at him for what felt like ages as he slowly shuffled his way back next to the window and pulled his newspaper back up.  As I glanced up, I saw Jaini at the front of the bus looking back at me.  Her eyes were filled with tears, the kind that engulfs your eyes, 360 degrees of sadness.  Her arms and hands were shaking as she held the hand rails at the top of the stairs.

In that moment I froze, I could not make sense of what was happening and all I could say was “Jaini?”.  Another rider near the front of the bus asked “Ma’am is everything alright?” She shook her head from side to side and mouthed the words “I’m sorry.” Before stepping off of the bus.

My head was swirling, and I began to make my way towards the front to get off and find her.  As I neared the front, I heard the older gentleman say “Alan, you should have a seat.”  I turned and looked back at him for a moment to see him still reading his paper, but ignored him and continued forward.  As I got near the stairs, the driver reached to close the doors.  I turned and said shakily “This is my stop.”.  He placed his hands on the steering wheel and glanced at his mirrors as the pneumatic doors closed.  “Excuse me sir, this is my stop please open the door!” I implored him.

Still no reaction at all.  Out of all things that really get on my nerves, being ignored has always been near the top.  As far back as I can recall, I would bristle when I was ignored by my sister or friends. The bus began to merge and continue down the street.  My voice got angry as I told the driver “Stop this bus immediately or I’ll contact your supervisor!”.  From the back of the bus I heard the older man say “Please, Alan you need to sit down.”.  I turned and was in a fury at this point and screamed “Shut the fuck up, I’m not talking to you!”.  The older gentleman shrugged and pulled his paper back up.

I reached into my pocket for my phone and it wasn’t there. I walked down the aisle towards where I had been sitting looking at the floor of the bus and asking the passengers if anyone had seen it.  No one so much as glanced at me.  My phone was not at my seat and I sighed as I walked back up towards the front.
I turned and sat down in the first seat.  I said in a condescending tone to the driver “I’ll take the next stop and report you as soon as I can.”.  He remained silent which just pissed me off even more.

Soon the bus was approaching a stop and I stood up holding the post.  The doors opened and I spun around and jogged down the steps.  It’s hard to explain what happened next, but imagine a fiery donkey kicking you in the sternum.  I saw the brightest red light for just a moment and an intense force strike me and then nothing.

I don’t know how long I was out, but it felt like years.  When I woke I was lying flat in the row across from the older gentleman.  As soon as I sat up he moved over and sat next to me.  He folded the paper up and sat it across his lap.

He started “I understand you have questions, I’m here to help.”  My head was still foggy but I muttered “Who are you?”.  He turned and looked at me and said “I’m a rider, just like you.”  I shook my head in confusion.  “We’ve been given a blessing and a curse.” He continued.  “As far as I can tell we don’t age.  I have been one bus or another for over 50 years.”  

He moved his arm and I could see the headline on the paper and the date.  “The downside of course, is you will be riding until you find someone who invites you to get off of the bus.”

In the moment, this is all too much to process. The man told me this is normal, he’s seen it a few times and I will come to accept it. I spent the earliest days trying repeatedly to simply walk off the bus. I then spent weeks where most days I alternated between screaming at every person that got on the bus, to sobbing uncontrollably.  Perry as I came to know him, just sat and read his paper.

Now after spending so long riding, I spend my time mostly staring out of the window.  Sometimes I wonder what Jaini is doing at that moment.  How long did she spend riding?  How long would I?  I had accepted that I may never get off.  

The bus approached the park and ride, like any other day, thousands of them really, all the same.  I gave it no second thought, and sat staring out of the window.  A large group of people got on.  I knew most of them, the regulars.  I’d seen some go from college, to their adult lives and then into middle age.  I created narratives of all their lives, guessing and piecing together information from phone calls.  As the bus doors closed shut, I glanced over to the seat behind Perry as a lady shuffled her things to settle in.

She raised her eyes up from her bag and we locked eyes, and then it happened, she gave me the slightest smile.