Silence resounded from every corner of the room. Such a quiet place to work, Sam thought. Though he may need to suffer through this interview, Sam took comfort in the knowledge that he would need not endure such silence every day.


The room itself was plain enough. No larger than Sam’s own bedroom, the walls were bare, and the furnishings sparse. A thick, crude table of oak separated the uncomfortable chair in which Sam sat from the identical chair where the gruff, middle-aged man sat glaring at him. A lamp in the far corner of the room, behind this man, abated only a little of the darkness, leaving the man’s face mostly concealed in shadow. In this gloom, Sam could only make out the man’s broad shoulders, his square head, and, most significantly, the absence of a left hand. Sam marveled at the size of this man, and speculated that he must have had a more physical sort of career before heading this newspaper.


The silence that had fostered Sam’s stream of thought was broken abruptly when the man cleared his throat with a rough growl.


“Mr. Clark?” the man asked.


Sam prepared to reply, but it seemed this was no question.


“I am to understand that you are a writer?”


Sam shrugged. Perhaps if I merely keep silent, they’ll have no reason to hire me. Sam only desired to write freely, but his mother had forced this interview upon him when it had been over three months since his last royalties had trickled in.


“You are the author of ‘The Final Storm’?”


Sam nodded hesitantly, confused. “How-  well- it is not finished. There is only an incomplete manuscript at my house...” Sam’s voice trailed off until silence had filled the room once again.


“This is a very invigorating work, Mr. Clark.”


Sam suddenly wished there were fewer shadows present to conceal this man’s expression. His tone was in some ways unnerving.


“To be quite honest, Mr. uh, sir...it’s really not spectacular in any regard. I- uh, am in reality quite a mediocre writer. I-“


The man held up the stump that had once been his left hand.


“No, no Mr. Clark, I think I like this work of yours.” A small light seemed to glint off the man’s right eye for a moment, and it seemed to Sam that a smile may have flashed somewhere in the shadows that were his face. “The story is of a quality we rarely see. It seems to contain more emotion and truth than one typically finds in such works.”


This interview was too full of praise for Sam’s taste. He needed to end this interview soon. “Really, sir, to put it bluntly, the story is a piece of rubbish. I’d imagine any high school student could write a more gripping story in their general English course.”


Again, the man seemed to smile slightly from within his shadow. This annoyed Sam. If he was offered a position here, he would have to take it. If he didn’t, his mom would likely force him out of the house. Sam had no desire to write for a stupid local newspaper.


The man sat in contemplation for some amount of time, scratching the stump of his left hand. “The villain in this story of yours, Mr. Clark, is very well conceived. We need more of such ability here. Our current writers are particularly drab.”


Sam hesitated. “Well, the villain is actually based off of a real person. I wouldn’t have the creativity to create such a character. I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of-”


The man held up his stump again. “Yes, I have heard of the Lumberjack.” He laughed a rough, chilling laugh. “You seem to have done much research on this man.”


The interviewer was a friend of a friend of Sam’s mother, and, as such, it was bothersome that he knew so much of Sam’s incomplete novel. “I only need a few more weeks to finish,” he had told his mom, and yet she had still forced this interview upon him.


“Can you remind me, Mr. Clark, of how this Lumberjack operates?”


“Uh, well he is a failure of a writer who takes out his frustration on publishers who reject him.”


“And how so, Mr. Clark?” The man’s stump twitched slightly. He seemed to be grinning again, wider than before. Sam found it disconcerting that the Lumberjack was also missing a hand, but remembered that, fortunately, it was in fact his right hand, not the left.


“Well, uh, he uses his one good hand to saw off the hands of the publisher, and then-“
A sharp knock on the door behind Sam cut him off.


“Sam, honey, that man from the publishing company is here to see you,” called some woman. Sam remembered now. The publishing company that had rejected his most recent, futile effort at a novel. The publishing company that Sam had pitifully begged to meet with in person.


The man in the mirror laughed. For the first time, Sam noticed a hand saw on the table.


“Tell him to come in,” Sam called back.