The click of immediate recur of memory brought me back from sleep. Oh, the tendrils connecting - but I feel corrupted. Though mind being rested, I am finding myself deep in dark valley of bereavement, yet no tears are shed. There is huge loss, the understandment of being robbed by a griefer, but I don't feel charinged. Mustering all my mnemotic energies, I wake up alone, embracing the cold of morning in place I cannot remember. The eyes of black man meet with my own and he speaks to me. I realize it's not his own language, niether is mine.

"You slept long," said he.

"How. - Long?" I reply, I push myself up, in his small bed. Room is rustic, like from a picture.

"Much. We found you sleeping close to road. I drove you here. You were sleeping two days straight."

The man, I guessed his age to be close to his fourties, looked really anxious. His eyes were penetrating me, his mount slighty open, as he was strugling for questions, but I could not miss the patience he had with me.

"I... I... Can't remember anything." It felt embarassing. I want to soften the situation with laughter, but I did not do it. "I feels... It feels so weird. How did I get here?"

"I drove you here, but what did you do close the road, I don't know. - But," he muttered, I listened closely, "one witness said, you appeared out of thin air."

It came to me. "I used a sorcery."

"Oh, yes you did," he agreed. Small frown appeared on his face. "Recklessly. Magic ruins whole place, north is in complete chaos. I came from further lands. I need to protect my children."

I felt sudden regret, burdening my chest, yet, being not able to remember anything, stream of couriousness put me into move. There was silver strand, and I need to follow it. I raised from the bed. I saw myself, and felt out of place. What tremendous thing i did, to even forget my own birthplace. My childhood is gone. Who am I. I made a loud remark about this topic: "I don't know who am I."

"Nothing to remember?" raised the man too and offered me clean white shirt.

"A name."

"Your name?" Asked the man quickly.

"No." I replied, feeling contenendly on my way.
