John could hear a tapping. He didn’t know what it was, but it was definitely there. The smoky room was completely silent besides it. He lifted the whiskey to his lips and took another long swig. It was just paranoia. Couldn’t be anything else. When your conscience is as stained as mine, you’re bound to be paranoid he thought . Relaxing his muscles, he lay across the battered sofa. He needed sleep tonight, he would be searching for another ‘candidate’ this weekend. He hoped his buyer would hurry the fuck up and decide. These millionaires want nothing but perfection.

The tapping had stopped, and had been replaced with a scraping noise. At this point John was genuinely concerned, despite being so drunk the world was shaking just a little. He grabbed his pistol and barged through the door, expecting nothing but still hoping for a surprise.

Something flashed through the corner of his eye. He whipped around, waving his gun carelessly. Nothing there. But something was definitely wrong. He heard a loud crash in the kitchen, and ran to investigate.

The window was smashed in. No rock, no evidence, no kids running back to their bikes. Just a smashed window. The scratching seemed to come from all the walls, boring into his brain.

There was something here. It wasn’t the drink. Holy shit, his house was haunted. Satan had come to fucking take him, to hell or worse. Well, might as well go out with a toast if I’m gonna go out, he thought. He ran back to the whiskey bottle and gulped it down. The world spun even faster.

A black shape materialised in front of him. No. Not now. Please, not now. His vision was so blurry he could barely see, but he somehow managed to bring up his gun and fire a few shots at the shape. Nothing happened, but the noise echoed around the room. Fuck, not now, not now! He prayed for forgiveness, from God, from the girl he had delivered away yesterday, from...

‘Where’

The voice was like ice. He knew what it was asking for, and he was sure as hell ready to give it anything at this point. He whispered a name. His client’s name. Confidentiality could go fuck itself, he wasn’t going to die for this man. 

The shape disappeared from his spinning view. The scratching stopped. It was done. Holy shit, it was over. He leant back and finished what was left of the whiskey. He was safe. It had all been a vision.

The next morning, he was woken up by police sirens. Someone had heard the shots, and called the police on him. They found the gun immediately, but upon further investigation they found out all of his business. He wouldn’t be leaving jail for a long time. Every day he asked himself if what he’d seen had been real. Every day until it decided to pay him another visit. This time, there was no information that could save him.