You stared at the young lady sitting across, unable to tell if this was reality or just another bizarre dream. You hadn't seen her since college yet she started to creep into your dreams for no real reason a few nights ago. 

She was playing with her phone while sipping on her overly expensive drink, you were pretty sure that it was a chai latte, or at least that's what she always ordered in your dreams. Glancing up over her over sized mug, she meets your eyes and gives you a small smile. You felt yourself return the smile but a sense of fear washes over you. Flashbacks of the dreams... no, they couldn't be called that. With how much horror and anguish was there, they were nightmares but that was still too kind of a word. 

She reached across the table and placed her small hand over top of yours. The sheer coldness of her hand was more than enough to pull you out of your thoughts and meet her gaze. She looked concerned, maybe even worried. A slight frown graced her lips as she put the mug down. 

"Is everything alright, hun?" She asked, voice so soft and almost missed over the roar of the cafe. You blinked, briefly unable to tell if this was another nightmare or not but not saying a word. Her frown deepened. 

"Is it those nightmares again?" Your eyes went wide, staring at her in total confusion. There's no way that you heard her right. 

"Wh-" You clear your throat. "What did you say?" There's no way that she could have known about those. She didn't say anything, just squeezed your hand. For some reason, this upset you and you ripped your hand away and nearly falling out of the chair. Some of the other people started to stare but you paid them no mind. 

"Please." She started to whisper and reached for you. You stood up, completely baffled on what was going on. 

"How do you know about the nightmares?" Your voice starting to rise in volume. You didn't give her a chance to reply. 

"Do you have any idea how hard it is to sleep when you see the same grissely scene over and over again?" The cafe was completely quiet. "Having to see the same people shot dead every time I close my eyes?" Her face was now a mix of horror and confusion yet she didn't say anything. 

You pointed to a young couple sitting close to you. "He just proposed yet he'll be the first one to be gunned down. And she.. she." You made eye contact with her, fear completely washed over her. She quickly reached across and grabbed his hand, knocking over the glass of water. 

"What are you talking about?" The young lady across you finally muttered. She knew about the nightmares, how did she not know what they were about. Breathing heavily, you made looked at her and lowered your hand. 

Before you could say anything else, the sound of an engine roaring and the firing of multiple guns deafened everyone. 