When he first came to me, I thought what so many others had. 

That he was there to kill me.

The grim reaper is a quiet fellow, but he did explain after I was done screaming a running. It doesn't really work when he can just pop himself in front of you at will. So my running didn't last long.

"You're more stubborn than the queen of England." he was sort of disapproving now, but I'd kicked him in the shin before I ran the last time. "That's enough, little one." 

"Excuse you, I'm not little!" I said, caught off guard. 

"My apologies, but you are still very young. Only 22, when I am one of the oldest beings in the universe," said the Grim Reaper. 

"wait, am I dead?" I asked. The grim reaper frowned sadly. 

"Unfortunately, yes. You were hit by that car driving away. I suggest not looking at the body, sometimes people have.... adverse affects." 
 Against his obviously better judgment, I went to look and immediately regretted it. I walked through the police officers, now swarming the area. My body  was twisted and turned and broken. I retched. 

"Anyway, if I'm dead, shouldn't I be moving on? Light at the end of the tunnel and all that?" I asked, gathering myself.

"Yeah, you gotta see the light first. And to see the light you must turn your back on the dark." 

"That's easy I guess, I've always tried to be a good person, what do I need to do?" 

Grim and I began to walk, and our surroundings began to speed up, as if time itself had been put on fast forward. Buildings rose and crumbled around me, the sun shot across the sky, getting faster and faster. 

"Are you sure you didn't just slip me some acid?" I asked nonchalantly. Maybe I was just dreaming? But it all seemed so real. 

"Ha ha. Now hush, we're almost there," he seemed to be looking down the road. I didn't know how far in the future he went, but he rose his arm and time stopped. There was a little girl who joined us. 

"Hi!" said the little girl. She could not have been more than seven or eight, but she lit up a cigarette. I smacked it out of her hand. 

"Smoking kills kiddo," I said. 

"The mortal forgets it does not know the situation it is in. I tried this form to appear nonthreatening, but perhaps the human needs to be threatened." As she spoke, the little girl changed. First her eyes from a dainty blue to black with red where the white had been, her cute bows and pigtails turned to curly horns, and she began to grow. Soon, she had quadrupled in size and was about 8 or 9 feet tall and had the body of a demon. 

"So, cigarettes, what do you smoke?" I asked. The demon smirked.

"Pall Mall red, I'm getting off the menthol because, you know, the cool doesn't really mix well with the heat," said the demon before he chuckled, sending his massive muscles rumbling. 

"Are you guys going to tell me what's going on? Or how to get out of here? Or what stupid decision I have to make?" I asked. The reaper grimaced, the demon smiled. 

"Sure, but first, want a drag?" asked the demon. Shit, I was already dead, and these guys were making me antsy. Why not.

"Sure, but get on with it." I said. He handed me the cigarette and I took a long, deep drag. The smoke was sweet and thick, remarkably smooth. Definitely not a Pall Mall. The demon laughed, and I saw all my good deeds before my eyes. Every person I tried to help, every kind word... All of it drained out of me. I was left feeling hollow and angry. It felt concrete inside me. 

"Come on buddy, lets go." said the demon, tugging on my new shiny metal leash. 

"Sorry kiddo, cigarettes are pure darkness," said the grim reaper. I wanted to respond, but my lips were sewn shut save for one tiny hole just big enough for the ass end of a cigarette.
