"Martin you've been acting very strange lately." The old woman said, placing a tray of food before her husband. She was beginning to grow suspicious Hamish realized. He had only himself to blame. Too much time had passed stuck in this frail old sack, no doubt she was starting to notice something was off. 

Hamish smiled weakly through Martin's body, "Trouble sleeping lately, dear. To be honest I haven't felt quite myself either." He needed to buy more time without causing any permanent damage. There was a lot more at stake here than Hamish's own sanity. 

Never before had he occupied another body for so long. Typically he could be in and out, so to speak, in a handful of days. His record was six hours in an Austrian downhill skier. But stuck here and now he wasn't sure if he'd ever get out. 

What would become of me then? He wondered. What of the real Martin who's most likely wondering aimlessly in my own body? There was always the possibility that the switch could drive the man insane, pushing him to kill himself. If my real body is ruined does that mean I'm stuck like this forever? Hamish honestly didn't know and the prospect of finding out terrified him beyond all reason. 

The old woman, Martin's wife Cathy, seemed placated by this response. She touched his shoulder bringing him to attention. "I'll have Samara bring you melatonin when she stops by tomorrow. I hate to see you like this." 

Hamish smiled again through Martin. "Thank you dear. You're too good to me." Cathy blushed. 

"Now there's the old seabass I know." She took a seat beside him, positioning her tray. 

TV dinners, Hamish had no idea this was still a thing. Yet here they sat, with microwaved steak and potatoes watching Drew Carey host The Price is Right. It was exactly the kind of thing you'd expect a couple of such antiquated age to do. Hamish could hardly focus though, on eating as much as watching what was apparently the couples favorite show. His mind flipped rapidly through the possibilities. 

What could it be? He pressed himself for an answer. What could an old man like Martin be the best in the world at? Over the last month of his possession he'd tried near everything the old vessel would allow. Board games, puzzles, driving over the age of eighty, nothing seemed to work! At eighth-five years of age Martin was limited in a lot of ways. Sports were off the table, as were the majority of physical tasks. Martin was mobile only by his tennis ball footed walker. He couldn't run, he couldn't dance, he couldn't even sing. He was out of ideas. 

"Cathy." He said weakly turning to the gray haired woman. She looked over with a mouth full of potatoes. "Was I ever good at anything?" He asked. A dangerous gamble, but if it paid off...

"Oh honey..." She replied swallowing. "Of course you are. You're the best at loving me."

Hamish tried to act grateful, "Well yes of course there's that, but was I ever good at anything else?"

A look of worry grew across Cathy's face. "Well of course... Martin are you feeling okay? You've never had a problem with your memory. Like our kids always said they only have to tell you something once where with me it's half a dozen times!" 

She joked, but the disquiet was plain. Hamish had to figure it out quick before he ruined a marriage. Never before had his possessions had any long term effects, but this he feared was quite different. Over the month he'd assumed control of Martin, Cathy had grown distant. They had already talked more tonight than the two had all week. 

"I just feel really off lately is all." Hamish said trying to allay suspicion. "I was flipping through an old album earlier today. Just trying to revisit the old days. All I found were pictures of us and family." 

"Well of course that's all the photos we have." Cathy replied. She put a hand to her stomach, made a sour face, and set her fork down. 

"Is something wrong?" Hamish asked. 

"Oh it's nothing just... Dinner isn't really agreeing with me. Think I might need to go to bed." 

"Are you sure? Why don't you stay up with me? We could talk about our golden years, when we're weren't yet sixty. We could talk about all the things we've done together." Hamish was growing desperate now. He wondered how many more days he would have to suffer through the rigors of old age. He would give anything to be back in his young body again. 

Cathy leaned over and kissed him on the forehead. "Not tonight, love. Tomorrow we'll pull out all the old albums." She rose from her seat unsteadily, bracing herself on the armrest.

"I love you, so much Martin." She said with a tired yawn. 

"I love you too dear." Hamish replied trying to feign the tone of his voice through Martin. She turned to leave and Hamish screamed inside his head. This was impossible! It seemed this old man wasn't good for anything! 

Hamish stayed up late that night, watching game shows on the old box TV. He furiously shuffled through everything this old body could be good at. He read through old journals Martin had written. Inside he found nothing, but mediocrity. That hundreds of poems dedicated to his wife. Eventually he grew tired and he too hobbled off to sleep in a foreign bed. 

Hamish woke up late the next morning. He blinked slowly in the morning light. Yellowy curtains filled with sunlight cast a golden glow over the room. Hamish rolled over feeling the pains of an old body stab and ache. Cathy was still asleep next to him. He reached over to wake her, nudging her shoulder gently. She didn't wake. 

He tried again slightly harder, still nothing. Panic spread like an infectious mold in through his chest. "Cathy?" He said quietly, then louder, "Cathy!?" 

The ambulance arrived half an hour later. Hamish watched hopelessly through Martin's eyes as the old man's wife was carted away. Dead, they had told him. Died in her sleep of natural causes. They told him that he shouldn't worry, that it was painless and peaceful. They told him a lot of things to salve his sadness, but Martin wasn't sad. Martin wasn't Martin and that woman wasn't his wife. All Hamish felt was the deep, cold pit of hopelessness. 

What had he missed? There had to be something. What could Martin possibly be the best at? He mind was blank and weary. Maybe it was for the best he was stuck this way. How could he possibly switch back with a man who'd been married for nearly three quarters of a century? How could he dump someone back into this old body only for him to find out that his wife, the love of his life was dead? 

"That's it." He said with a sudden realization. His voice fell hollow in the empty room. Cathy had said it the night before, 'You're the best at loving me.' Dismay followed on the wake of realization and a second epiphany formed in Hamish's mind. He was dreadfully certain now that he'd be stuck in this body for the rest of its life. 

A physical task would've been easy. Hitting home runs, playing golf, checkers or chess, that Hamish could do. But love wasn't something so easily replicated. It took time and patience and a groundwork laid out by decades of trust and shared experience. 

"He was the best at loving you." Hamish said to himself in the vacant house. "But I'm not him..." 

Martin collapsed into a chair. He wondered at what horrors the real Martin was feeling in his body. He wondered if he was looking for her. Oh my god, he *is* looking for her, Martin thought. Realizations came one after the other with such elucidate certainty. Hamish couldn't believe he hadn't figured it out sooner. He looked to the front door where they'd taken her body just hours earlier. There was no doubt in his mind. Martin was the best at loving his wife and a man filled with that kind of love wouldn't sit idly waiting for him to figure that out. He would moved mountains to see her again. Even if it were only for a flickering, fleeting second. Very soon there would be a knock at the door and all Hamish could hope for was that the real Martin would understand. 

---

Hey, hi, hello! If you liked this one check out the other cool and shiny stuff I've got on my sub at /r/ScribeSchneid 

I also wrote an alternate ending to this one. If you think the first one was sad, well just you wait for this piece of horror. Found right here: https://m.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/54k27n/wp_once_a_year_you_switch_bodies_with_a_random/d82rx23