"Humans don't appear to be to advanced, they haven't even discovered intergalactic travel, should be a simple invasion." Said the alien cleaning his musket.

The gnarled general gave him a look halfway between amusement and disbelief. 
His ears twitched before settling back into their wavy slow pattern. 

"You know this how? From the couple of days we've spent here?" the old man asked. 

Djerza held the barrel of his musket up, eying the line of its smooth surface for any warps or bends. Ignoring the question. 

"Fools, all of you. I thought the Zanta failure would have taught you not to underestimate our enemies." 

At this, Djerza sat up and sighed. The quick flash of ears pulling back betraying his anger at the remark.

"The Zanta had help. In any case, this is not a discussion general. We leave tomorrow, have the troops ready."

The general nodded slowly. "I do admire his spirit though, what was it again he said?"

"It is easy for me to die, but difficult to let you pass" Djerza said smiling, his sharp teeth black as night. 


-------------------------------------------------


Guns flashed and thundered all around him. The ground itself shaking as pieces of mud flew past him. 

Djerza ignored it. The cannons were interesting, primitive but powerful nonetheless. He quickly approached the line of enemy soldiers. 
He'd started running after their last volley. With too few soldiers left for staggered shots, he'd have more than enough time to close the distance. 

His own musket spent, he charged ahead with the bayonet at head hight. A few steps before impact, he saw the fear spread across their faces. 
Fear not just of war and death, but fear of him. Fear of this thing that was barreling towards them and that was decidedly not of their own species. 

He howled and lost himself in the bloodlust.  

Twelve hours laters, three thousand had fallen. Men, women and children. Even the animals had been killed. 

His clothes were dark with earth and soot and clung to his skin where blood had soaked the fabric.

Of course none of his own had fallen. Well at least none of those truly his own. Technically their side had suffered losses, but that was to be expected. He did not really care if these humans died. But they had entertained him well. This passion for killing, he'd not encountered it for a long time. 

He heard the general walk up before he saw him. Demon of Dongnae the human soldiers had started calling him. Djerza felt a stab of envy. 

But then again, he'd taken Song's head himself, that was no small feat considering the weapons they'd been forced to fight with. 

The general finally spoke "It was a good battle my Lord. I assume we will be staying longer?"

They were young and obviously lacking in finesse, but they had so much potential. Humans fought and died with so much vigor. The Hunt would be glorious if they'd just grow up a bit, and his clan would hold the rights.

Djerza twitched his ears in pleasure. "Yes, yes general. I think we will.". 