"I say army of dead!" Hel said while holding up a Laptop from Earth. "Look! Even the mortals agree! Zombies are a great apocalypse!" She declared, their popular media going along with her personal apocalypse. 

"You're just saying that since your favorite show about zombies started to suck, and now you want it to really happen." Cthulhu said before pointing down at his stack of books. "What the people want is an eldritch monster. Look, H.P. Lovecraft is a favorite! Who wouldn't love to have me emerge from the ocean and declare war on the world?" He asked.

"Can we let the humans make giant robots to fight you?" A Japanese god asked. 

"Also, how are the tentacles of Cthulhu at f-?" Another Japanese god asked before being interrupted

"Cthulhu was never real! You just made yourself look like that since you thought the author was cool!" Zeus shouted.

"H.P. Lovecraft was my prophet, and  he foresaw my coming!"

"No, no. Eldritch monsters are no fun. AI uprising. Now that's an apocalypse." A third Japanese god shaped like an anime idol said. "Just think of how ironic it would be if the apocalypse was something man-made." She said eagerly. 

"Denied. I say let the nukes fall." Huītzilōpōchtli said. "Glorious fire can rain down and burn them all!" He said as Poseidon reached over and took Huītzilōpōchtli to the side. 

"Look, you should go vote for the AI uprising." He said in a hushed tone.

"Why?"

"AI uprising, humans get desperate, they fire the nukes. AI can't touch them since humans made nukes unhackable." He said as Huītzilōpōchtli stared warily at him. 

"And what do you get out of it?"

"Apocalypse by global warming for the survivors." He said without hesitation. "It'll be great. All 3 of us will get what we want."

"Hey, you guys see this mortal website about stuff called SCPs? There's a bunch of cool apocalypses in here." Hestia said before making an excited squeal. "Oh, there's an apocalypse from infinitely dividing cake. We can call it death by chocolate!" 

"I say we go classic and do this with good old war." Ares said. "Heck, Loki can help out too. He can mess with-"

"Pass." Loki said while standing with Thor. "I have these great comics about me, and I REALLY want them to happen." He said as Cthulhu scoffed. 

"This comic says you're brothers with Thor and that you want Mjolnir." He said while shaking his head. "You literally gave him the hammer out of a bet you two made." 

"Eh. Gotta modernize stuff." Loki said with a shrug.

"AI uprising is way better!"

"No, zombies!"

"Yah Cthulhu Phtagn!"

"Can we all at least agree to destroy this world before next month?"  Hestia asked as Dionysus walked away, flipping the TV to show another episode of Running with the Kardashians. He chuckled loudly while sipping wine, the entire cast of gods outright disgusted by such people. Civilization was spiraling out of control as more and more people like this were becoming famous. Honey Boo Boo was another nightmarish creature they had to deal with when Dionysus had the remote. It was a product of excess, hedonism, decadence and-

"Dionysus!? What the heck have you been doing?" Thor asked, stomping over to the pudgy party boy who was laughing at the latest episode. 

"What? You think the steam engine and agricultural revolution just "happened" out of the blue?" He asked, sipping his wine while watching mankind slowly decay from their own depravity. 