I leave this manuscript, in the hopes that someone will find it. I leave it to warn you. We build temples and shrines to invite Gods, but you never know which God will answer the call.

He draws near...

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Three weeks ago, I awoke with the sun, ate, and went to work the fields, as usual. This year, we had a bad drought. Half my fields lay fallow, half were dying. I could make it with what I had, but if everything died... that was it. I'd lose my farm. My family's home for generations. So, I went, and I built one. A Shrine.

It was a small, humble affair, built of wood atop a massive stone slab. The granite floor was almost perfectly level, and the wooden walls and roof I carved with care. Took me only a single week, and it was done, but my crops were worse off every day.

I prayed for a God to help us, to end this drought, but none answered for three days. My wife, Sarah, suggested an alter, and a sacrifice. In the fields I had found a large, greenish stone, the perfect shape, which I hauled over and placed in the center. We figured a sacrifice of food was needed, and that it should be connected to water somehow. So, we decided, a squid from the local market was in order. It was expensive, but very fresh, and the more it cost us, the more it was worth to the Gods in these tight times, right?

The rains did come, just as I had asked, that same night. For the next two weeks, we flourished more by the day. My crops regrew, my fields refreshed, my wallet full. And so, every day, I went and offered thanks, and a sacrifice.

Tonight, he spoke back. That voice... that dreadful voice, I shall never forget.

"I give you the gifts, child. The gift of Life, the gift of Prosperity. Now, I shall bequeath unto my final gift. The gift of Knowledge."

The very air within my Shrine ripped, spilling forth with tentacles, covered in eyes, and gibbering mouths. I am no coward, yet I ran faster than the wind.

I fear what He intends to teach us. I fear for my family, my two young daughters. Yet there is no escape. I looked out, and His limbs now surround my house. Even now, he speaks.

"I have not given these gifts for free, child. You shall herald me, and hearken my call, for I am risen. All shall come to know me, for it is time."

The door has broken, and his thousands of voices now fill the house. Beware, and do not call upon Him.

Upon Yog-Sothoth.