*Finally.* 

Mary reaches for the last lego and places it atop her model Statue of Liberty. "I paid 120 god damn bucks for this thing, and I'll be damned if I don't get it done. I swear, I don't know what it is with kids these days but-"

"Bloody Mary" a distant whisper says

"No. No. No. No. Not now!" she yells

"Bloody Mary"

"These fucking kids!" She throws the legos on the ground and watches them scatter. Then sighs and rolls her eyes. "I wish my statue was put back together."

Instant Lady Liberty stands before her, sans one piece. "Get it over with brats!"

She grabs her script and readys herself.

"Bloody Mary"

"Here we go."

Without a moments notice, Mary is blinked out of existence from her bedroom. The bathroom was something less then hygienic. The mirror she revealed herself from was in serious want of windex and a paper towel. Spots of water drips and acne bursts decorated the reflective surface. The toothbrush sat in a metal cup, riddled with the green filth of copper carbonate. Clothes littered the floor, looking as though they were a permanent fixture in the bathroom. The toilet was spotted and rank. The shower curtain stained with the faint yellow tint of urine. Whomever she was finding herself upon was in dire need of help, though little did he know the kind he'd receive.

&#x200B;

"WHAT DO YOU WANT!?" Mary yelled from the other side, her pale face twisted and contorted in the dirty reflection.

Mark screamed, and screamed, and screamed and made a hand for the door before urinating on himself and exclaiming "IT WORKS!? FINALLY!"

*Well this is different* she thought to herself. She blinked multiple times before finally speaking. "Well... I... I don't usually make it this far." She looked down at her script and began reading aloud "It is I, the genie of reflections. The maiden of grief and savior of sorrows. Speak thine wishes and thine's greates- thine? How old is this thing? Shit. Look kid wh-"

"Oh my god. I don't care! Just do it already. I can take it." He said with closed eyes.

She looked around confused. "Whatever it is, it better involve cleaning this bathroom," she said, blowing air out of her nose. "Look kid, I was in the middle of something important. Can you just tell me your wishes already?"

"Wishes? You aren't here to kill me?"

"OH. That's right. You guys think I kill people. Hah, I wish. Lord knows I've been sick of your shit for centuries. Calling out to me in the middle of the night. You know, us genies have lives too. I was in the middle of something really important before you called though, so can we hurry this up."

Mark looked sullen for a moment but his eyes sparked with triumph once he gathered what was happening. It was at this moment that Mary noticed the one safety razor sitting on the bathroom sink, and her heart sunk at what he might say next.

"So you mean to tell me, you're a.. a genie?" he said

"Um.. yeah. Although everyone usually just runs away and wastes my time. It isn't the best gig, I'll tell you that. But uh... I gotta ask, was I interrupting something?"

"Oh." he said, sullen once more. He put his face in his hands and groaned in frustration. "This is kind of embarrassing. I was really hoping you'd just kill me and I wouldn't have to do or say anything. Granted.. I didn't actually think it'd work."

"Look kid, I'm not exactly a therapist here, but it doesn't take much to see what's going on here."

"Oh right." he said, laughing weakly "Yeah, things haven't been too good lately. Ever since my girlfr-"

"Hold it! Not a therapist. I thought we established this."

"My bad!" he said, holding his hands out in apology. An awkward silence followed.

"So you grant wishes?" he said, finally. 

"Boy, do you listen to anything? I read the fucking script. Get em out already before I make them for you."

"Ok!" he said, frantically. "Um... I wish my girlfriend was in love with me again!"

Upon hearing this, Mary immediately put her hand up to her forehead, letting out a sigh and frowned. "So, have you ever heard of a guy named Butch Hartman?"

"Who?"

"Nevermind. Old client of mine. So, there are rules to these things, and one of them is that us genies can't meddle in love affairs. It goes against our code."

Mark started to cry. "This is hopeless!" he yelled "I wish you'd just fucking kill me."

Mary let out a sigh. "Look I'm gonna give you one chance to take that back and maybe we can talk it out. How about wishing for a clean bathroom? Huh? Huh? Maybe get some curtains that aren't drenched in piss. All the bitches will love you then."

"Oh my God! And now you're making fun of me!" This made Mary sigh again. She could already tell she had her work cut out for her. "Okay, I have an idea." she said "If you wish me out of this mirror, I'll explain the wholllllleeee thing to you and see if we can't keep you from euthanizing yourself."

"You mean you'll hang out with me?" Mark said, smiling for the first time in their exchange. *Jesus fucking Christ, this guy* she thought. "Yeah buddy, we can hang out. So what do ya say... what's your name?"

"Mark."

"Mark? Mary. So what do you say Mark?"

He seemed to be weighing the options in his head, looking left and right towards the floor before finally getting on with it. "Ok. I wish you were here in person." And like that, Mary's reflection faded from the bathroom mirror and on to the bathroom floor she materialized, like a ghost from the ether. *Maybe this won't be so bad* she told herself. "Any idea what you want?"

"Can I have sometime to think about it? I mean, I only have two more wishes. Wait. CAN I WISH FOR MORE WISHES?!"

Mary winced. "It doesn't exactly work like that, kid"

"Oh." Once again he gave the sullen expression she had grown so accustomed to. "I guess I'm gonna need some more time."

She began to let herself out of the bathroom. "That's cool. Say, do you have any legos?"

&#x200B;

&#x200B;