A large pause permeated the atmosphere as Korvanth allowed their visual receptors to glow a slightly more bluish hue than normal, signalling to Orgillum that they were calculating what was likely multiple variables. The blue vanished suddenly, returning the light to a strictly white color. "Wait. You're absolutely sure the canisters aren't utilizing the *humans* as some sort of power source, are you?" Orgillum was shocked by such an answer, snapping their head to the side and turning their receptors a gentle green to represent concern, "And how would they go about doing such a thing if that were the case? Humans aren't efficient at all, seeing as they spend half of their existence in a mode of rest."

"Rest? What, do they just stop moving and operating or something?"

"Precisely. They go to these surfaces that are supposedly meant to generate some form of... currency?" Korvanth suddenly found themselves incapable of properly moisturizing the organic mass before them, giving their compatriot another look of deep purple: Confusion. "You can't be serious. They have existed for how many cycles and still haven't discovered currency is a false construct entirely fabricated by their own consciousness?" Orgillum flashed a brief speckling of pink before continuing, "Sadly, yes. And it seems they use this currency which the beds give them, as a way to keep themselves energized. Or, at least that is the best I've conclusion I've come to, as they don't even seem to be aware of how this function works either."

"No, you're attempting to pull one over on me now, aren't you?"

"I have never lied before, so what would make you think I'd do such a thing now?" They then proceeded to take a quad headed device that sent light reverberations through the wall, increasing the pace at which it contracts and expands. "Well, at least they lack requirements for a form of fuel then. I there is just trade-offs for everything." Another pause found itself amongst the two of them before broken once again, "No... No, Orgillum! You can't be serious!"

"I could not be any more serious if I tried."

"And you're absolutely sure they are the dominant species?

"Most dominant? Yes. The most biologically advanced? Certainly not. I'd leave that position to what they prefer calling '海豚' in their most popular form of communication."

"Oh, that isn't fair! The Capecians are practically every where these times. I bet they've even got these humans tricked into feeding them for performing effortless feats of physical exertion."

"In fact they do. The humans don't even realize the bastards aren't even composed of the same stuff as they are." Orgillum seemed to be unaffected by this statement, attending the ship's needs as was so needed, but Korvanth was incapable of proceeding and appeared to be much more Yellow than normal. "What... Do you mean?"

"I'm sorry, what do I mean by what?"

"Orgillum..."

"Yes, Korvanth?"

"What... Are the Humans... Made of?"

"Oh dear. I guess I did bury the lead on that one did-"

"Answer... The question."

"Well... Let's just say..."

"Yes?" The long pause returned and lingered much longer than was socially acceptable, seemingly incapable of reading the current circumstances as likely an inappropriate time for such actions. Orgillum had joined their fellow sentient being in a lack of working, before slowly turning what ultimately functioned as a head and their visual receptors (now illuminating a swirling orange) before releasing the last piece of information. "They are made of meat."

******************

**Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoyed! This is actually my first response to a Prompt and any feedback would be much appreciated, as I usually keep my writing relatively private! Also, I hope you have a lovely day! :D**