
Sand had passed through my hands like this ages ago, back in the days when I still had my left leg. I dug in my hands wrist-deep into the sand and waited for the placid waves of my hometown shore to unearth them. The wave breaking into the beach, and tiny golden grains being pulled away from my fingers provided a kind of inexplicable relief for the anxiety plaguing my heart. 


They say that adversity brings out the truth within ourselves, and my inner coward has finally revealed itself. How eager was I to cling to my own flimsy reality? I looked at the incredulous face staring back at me from the surface of the water. It was a face I had looked at too many times, one I should be most familiar with. I saw its lips form the question I asked out loud – 


Who are you?


I made my plan the night before – or rather, over 7000 nights ago. That night, I sat in front of my notebook to draft it out for the next day. 0700hrs – Clean the house 1000hrs – Return Dahlia’s shovel and bring a pack of bon-bons for her son, 1517hrs – See the sun light glancing off the church tower, and so on. At the end I would go to bed with the dignity of never having repeated a day in my life, not when my partner was killed right beside me, not when I lost my leg, not even the day when Leslie from the flower shop gave the handkerchief with the embroidered blue hydrangea as a prize for winning the race at the town festival. 


I returned the handkerchief today as well, as per plan. It was awkward, but there wasn’t anyone I could give it to and it would be rude to just let a gift lie around collecting dust. Leslie took the yellowed fabric in her hands and sat in silence. I went through some seven nervous gulps of sweet tea before she spoke. Her voice sounded strange, like it was wading through murky water, and the lines in her face seemed to deepen in the changing light. 


“Thank you. You even ironed this.”


“No, thank you. You gave it to me before, whe – ”


“Yes, I remember. Don’t you have other errands to run today?” 


In truth, the plan had been to sit with her and talk for at least three hours just like we usually did. I even hoped that she would laugh a little. We are mere acquaintances, with nothing untoward about our relationship. But I think she would cry for me at least after I am gone, and a final happy conversation would have been a nice thing to be remembered for in passing. Yet logic dictated that gone or not the well-liked Leslie would not spend hours remembering a one acquaintance among her many friends. I bid her goodbye and headed for the beach, ahead of schedule. The last sight I would have of her was the hem of her skirt disappearing through the doorway. 


 In the waning light, the ships in the distance gathered an otherworldly quality, sharp black cut-outs against the red of the sky. I buckled on my prosthetic leg and stood up, shaking off the sand from my knees. When you know you are seeing something for the last time, you study every inch of what you had spent your life taking for granted.  The tide was beginning to recede well, and the scent of the wet sand mingled with other sunset smells. I took in all these little unimportances that come tomorrow I would never again see. In the long limp to my house, I resolved to face tomorrow and whatever it would bring. 


In bed, I went through every item in my list for what must have been the hundredth time to check that I’d settled everything. It is more in my nature to charge than cower, and 7212 days of cowering was bad enough: I would not be reliving today like a desperate ghost. If the little twinges on the side of my chest grew severe enough to kill me, then so be it. 


*I dreamed of a flower garden, so frightfully cliché that I laughed out loud. As was customary in my dreams, I had both my legs and crowds of people were milling about doing completely illogical things. 
Leslie was in the crowd too, clapping her hands and laughing raucously in a way she would never do in reality. Laughing with her, I joined in. 
The crowd faded into indiscernible shadows, until the world had only Leslie, and the people who were not Leslie. She laughed again as we spun around in circles until we fell away from each other. Without looking I knew that the hydrangea handkerchief was in my pocket, the same place it had been every day for the decades I’d owned it. I reached out my hand to pull up the still laughing Leslie. 
“Leslie I – ”
I was interrupted by the sudden agony that gripped my chest. This pain, this pain was…*

Real. 


No. I still need to ...

 
An instant of wavering made me will a reset against my resolve right before the midnight bell. I heard their tolling get further and further away with my ebbing consciousness as I felt my future slip through my fingers into the darkness beyond. 

The looming number imperceptibly changed to 7213. 
