Part 1

 

It was intoxicatingly easy to get bogged down in details. A dark curling lash, a warm hand on the small of my back, a nick of a scar at the corner of an unfurling smile. Mikey was a composite of such details - strong calloused fingers to complement my piano player’s grip, shoulders shaped for the curve of my head, a mop of dark waves that tangled with my red ringlet frizz. Details worth getting lost in. Eyes, like dark smoke, worth getting lost in. 

I used to be better about keeping the big picture in mind. Or at least, more inclined to care about that big picture. I knew who Mikey was, even before he started shooting lingering looks at me as he made his way through the halls of our overpriced private school. Everyone knew, or they’d at least heard the rumors. 

Mikey was the son of Lorenzo Domingo, an up and coming crime boss who’d been quickly gaining influence and carving space for himself in the already saturated criminal underworld of our city. In the eyes of our classmates, Mikey was even worse than the other new money students, because his money was overtly dirty. It had vague and nebulous links to drugs, hit men, protection rackets, and whatever boogeyman of the week the rumor mill could conjure. And so our classmates were afraid of Mikey. 

To be clear, I was never afraid. But I was wary. Wary because, although we were significantly better at keeping our names out of the paper and our profile low, my own family was the current top dog in the same saturated criminal underworld where Mikey’s family played. As such, conflict between the O’Sullivans and the Domingos was inevitable.  

And so, when we passed in the halls, I would meet Mikey’s dark smokey eyes with my own green flint glare and dismiss him with an upturned nose and snarled lip. And Mikey would smile, as if this was an inside joke just between us two, and we’d both continue on. 

It’s not like I never thought about it, even back when I kept the big picture in view. Mikey was, to put it mildly, nice to look at. He made for good daydream fodder in particularly boring classes. But while forbidden romance might have sounded fun, the appeal paled against the force of my ambitions. I was busy carving my freckled sixteen year old form into the most effective and fine tuned tool in my father’s arsenal. I took care of our books - I’d always had a head for numbers and art, and our accounting tended to be a swirl of the two. I took care of our bribes - something about a sweet smile in the right context can be just anachronistic enough to function as both threat and friendship overture. I took care of our PR - I had an instinct for getting the right sound bite in the right pocket politician’s mouth to deflect attention away from my family’s business dealings. 

But despite all this, when the unthinkable happened and my father got sent up to federal to do time because my second cousin Cillian went rat, it was my brother Patrick who was made head of the family. Patrick, who’d blown his own pinky off on his first job because he couldn’t even load a glock right. Patrick, who despite our family’s careful image maintenance and arsenal of lawyers had built himself a rap sheet thanks to several public indecency charges, a handful of drunken disorderlies, and two DUIs chucked in for good measure. Patrick, who as one of his first acts as head of the family decided that of my many talents the most useful had to be my ability to spread my legs.

The conversation took place as Patrick was getting his measurements collected by the family tailor. Patrick wanted to have our father’s collection of suits taken in to fit him, and now the tailor was making a good deal of fuss with pins and measuring tapes. Patrick was significantly smaller than our father, so personally I couldn’t imagine the suits could ever be made to fit. 

“Siobhan, I heard Lorenzo’s kid goes to that fancy ass school of yours, yeah?” Patrick did not bother to look at me while he spoke, instead focusing on adjusting his poorly tied tie in the mirror. 

“Yes,” I replied, hoping I seemed calm. Inside I was plotting revenge on Margo, my third cousin and the only other member of the O’Sullivan family who attended school with me. I had a personal favor I could call in that could see her knees shattered with a crowbar. I mentally talked myself down to more mundane punishments and resolved to tell everyone at school about her nose job. I could always break her knees later, if that wasn’t satisfying enough. 

“And I heard he’s got his eye on you,” Patrick continued. I didn’t respond, but apparently I didn’t need to. “Let’s use that - get close to the kid and see what you can dig up about the Domingo’s, yeah? Let’s put that pretty face of yours to work.” 

And so, broiling with indignation and with my family’s stamp of approval, the next time I caught Mikey gazing at me I gazed right back. 

We were in the hall between classes. The bell rung indicating the start of second period, and there was a mild panic as the students around us scrambled to duck into classrooms. Idly, I wondered what it would be like to live a life where the threat of detention would be enough to make me anxious. I watched Mikey as he walked up to me, more hesitant than I would have expected. He stopped about a foot away from where I stood. “What? Lost your nerve?” I asked him.

“Nerve to do what?” he asked. I realized I’d never actually heard him speak before. His voice, like his eyes, was pure smoke.

“Come on, Mikey. You stare at me like a dog stares at a bone, and you’ve been doing it for months.”

“Fair. I haven’t exactly been subtle, I guess. So you know I like you-”

“Like? You don’t like me. You’d have to know me to like me. Let’s be honest about what it is,” I said, and now I walked to him and bridged the final gap. I wrapped my arms around his neck, hoping it seemed casual. I’d always been good at faking confidence, but didn’t always feel it - especially as I leaned in to whisper in his ear. “We’re just two people who want to do something they know they really, really shouldn’t.”

“So what? You think I’m interested in you ‘cause I just want to rebel against my family? And now you’re into me, because you want to rebel against yours?”

“Something like that,” I said, and grabbed him by his shirt collar. Then I kissed him, at the orders of my brother. I hoped my father, rotting away in his cell, would be proud. 