V’Bliirpkah smoothed her tentacles as she stepped into the portable environmental chamber that would seal her off from the harsh conditions of the planet below. From afar, Earth looked like a peaceful place with jewel like oceans and green continents. But the reality she knew was quite different.

Ordinarily she would never put herself at risk like this. She was after all the mother to several hundred larvae that had been born a year earlier and even now her mates were gestating another clutch of eggs she had lain. 

She had insisted on the assignment however. The benevolent mother was curious about this new species that had come onto the galactic scene. No one, not her own species or any of the others had known wha to make of these strange humans who had evolved on a nightmare world. 

Her pod rolled down the landing ramp and onto the surface of the spaceport. She turned her camera on, and began to narrate everything she saw: the blue sky that she knew consisted of poisonous nitrogen and flammable oxygen, ocean in the distance, consisting of water which burned her species like acid but which was absolutely required for Earth life to exist. 

And there they were: a vast crowd of humans, the intelligent species of the planet. She's been tasked with staying with an Earth family for a week and documenting their lives. She tried now to seem fearful though she couldn't help but wonder whether some hurricane would hit as she knew it happened many times during Earths trip around its star, or whether one of those fierce beasts, a species she couldn't recall the name of, a thing with a wild pelt of fibers around its head and an enormous mouth of fangs would jump out and maul her at any second. The pod reassured her that there were no threats were present and she reassured herself that her vital signs were excellent even as she noticed a bit of a pull from earth’s crushing gravity. 

She turned four of her eyes to the front of her and focused on the the humans in the front who were making some strange motion with their strange hardened limbs, similar to how one of her own people would flail one of their tentacles when preparing for the mating process. V’Bliirpkah tried to suppress her revulsion at these humans. In her opinion they had too few eyes, strange fibers on their heads and their mouths were full of bony protrusions that set her in edge. Her translator informed her that one of the humans was speaking to her. It introduced itself with some unpronounceable name and insisted that it was a male, though any male with any decency would be at home nurturing young. Then the female spoke and presented two smaller humans. She looked at them, wondering why they were smaller than the rest. Perhaps another gender? Her own species had seven. She asked the female why they were smaller than the rest after she had noticed many more smaller humans in the crowd. 
The human female set off on a strange chittering noise that was eerie. Her console tried to comfort her with an explanation that this was laughter — a mirthful expression.

“They  are my children!” said the woman. She pointed to one of them who had longer head fibers than the other. 
“Felicia. She is nine.” The offspring flailed it's appendage again. “And Peter who is eleven.” The older one bared his teeth at her, making her roll back her pod a few inches.

V'Bliirpkah’s tentacles quavered as she tried to digests this new information. 

Their young? Outside of a nest? Their males allowed to wander?  On a hatch unforgiving planet like Earth? She tapped the consoles, documenting the releases of her ascent gland at the shocking revelations. She had just finished when the smallest human stepped closer to her did that odd tooth baring gesture with her mouth. 
“Don't worry! I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun here. Especially when you meet my dog Trixie. She usually sleeps with me but maybe she'll come to your room.”

When V'Bliirpkah has finished consulting her console about what a dog was, she was speechless. Not only did these humans live on a poisonous world with an unstable climate, but their offspring slept with predators!