Darren Igor was a man of particular characteristics. A true anomaly. See, his mind merged sanity with insanity. He lived in different times but at the same time he didn't. Well, the case is... Darren saw ghosts. And he was aware of it. 

Darren grew accustomed to them, why wouldn't he? They were just like living people, walking down the streets following their everyday lives without bothering anyone. Thing is, they weren't really there, and Darren knew it. He often found himself lost in reveries, contemplating if whoever he talked with was real. 

It was a flaw, those reveries isolated him from reality, sometimes for extensive periods of time. For the sake of his sanity, he decided to check himself in the Yesteryear Institution of Mental Sickness (YIMS). Dwayne, his best friend, recommended it years ago. 

Their friendship was that of a lifetime. They met each other at the age of four, in those times where a simple playground could forge the strongest relationships. Dwayne was an orphan who often escaped to play in the park nearby for a while. Darren used to play there too and, since the first time they talked to each other, they never stopped. Well, they did now, Dwayne was in Bora-Bora

YIMS was located far away in a rural area. Despite its great dimensions, it was crowded to the gills. People of all ages seemed to choose it. The atmosphere didn't suit that gloom, somber one you see in a movie, not at all. Bright lights bathed it entirely, the furniture was fancy, the walls maintained to perfection and joy seemed to brim in every corridor.

"Hello Sir, my name is Bertha. How can I help you today?" an old lady said behind the check-in desk. She was skinny with wrinkled skin and slow yet she bore a reassuring smile, a grandmotherly one.

Darren smiled at her, *so old yet still working,* he thought. "I want to check in, is that possible? Or are you full?

Bertha waved at him, "please, there's plenty of space!" she said. "What is wrong with you dear?"

"I see things I shouldn't see, people of past times."

She furrowed his brows, "ghosts dear?"

Darren drew his lips into a line and nodded.

"Okay, head to the room 417," Bertha said and handed him a key. "We have another patient with your same problem, you can bond over it. Have a wonderful stay!"

Darren ambled to the rooms with a smile. This wasn't as bad as he had pictured it, people genuinely seemed to be happy here. Something was off though. The name, YISM, it sounded familiar, too familiar.

Darren entered the room, his heart jumped to his throat. "Dwayne? What are you doing here?"

"Darren? What are YOU doing here?" He jolted, eyes wide and brows wrenched downwards.

Darren sighed, "well, I might as well tell you," he said. "I have always seen ghosts, old ones, of past times and it they were interfering with my daily life."

He didn't seem too surprised, "I have a confession Darren." He paused. "I do too, but mine, they are from future times."

Darren didn't listen, *YISM* he thought, *where did I hear that name?* "Sorry, what did you just say?"

"I see ghosts too, from future times. Its hard to explain it, they might be babies now but I see them in their thirties, fifties. Its like being trapped in between timelines."

Darren stared at nothing for too long of a time, as if trapped inside his mind.

"Darren? Are you okay?" He asked and prodded his shoulder.

"What year is this?" Darren muttered, extremities trembling, muscles tensed.

"1987, why? Did the place affect you already?"

Darren met Dwayne's gaze with stern eyes. "Run! Leave the building now!" he yelled.

Dwayne burst into laughter, "what got into you, psy— 

Darren snatched Dwayne by the collar, "We are each other ghosts you fool," he screamed. "I come from 2017. Now run, this place is going to blow up."

Dwayne grew wan and bolted towards the door— 

He disappeared before reaching it. In a mere second, the hubbub of the place faded into silence, pure silence. 

"What? No!" Darren screamed and stared at his clock.

July 18th, 18:37 pm. Exactly thirty years ago, a group of patients of YISM, blew up the institution, how they did it it's still a mystery.  

In the year 2010, YISM was reconstructed as a memorial for the two-hundred-and-thirty fallen. 

----------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall for more not so great stories!



     