“No one is going to believe you...” the specter said matter of factly. 

I replied in my head with a sigh and the ghost nodded in solidarity. 

“You know they put an innocent man away last season”, I thought to the both of us. 

The fraud who claimed to figure out who the killer was made a lucky guess from a cold read and fingered a guy who fit the actual murderer to a T. The real killer, Malcom Anderson Brown, had died years before they re-opened the cold case in a car accident. I know this because I talked to the dearly departed and she told me so. I also know the man they put away, just so happened to be a child molester, who over the course of 40 years victimized 27 children and was never caught. 

“...In case you are wondering why I didn’t speak up when I knew the truth” I thought to the ghost, not looking up from the spot on the drywall I had been fixated on. 

“No judgements” it whispered back. 

The site of the murder was a now vacant house. The house had been empty for at least 10 years now. Most of the windows were now broken and graffiti splattered the walls. At least every room sported a hastily drawn pentagram as if a child who just figured out how to drawn one used the residence as the back of a Trapper Keeper. 

“I had a Trapper Keeper. There was a hot air balloon on it.” The spirit lamented. 

The murder took place in 1986. I’m sorry, the “disappearance” happened in 1986 and it wasn’t declared a murder until my new pals remains were found in a wall during remodeling 20 years later. I remember the news coverage at the time. The people scouring the woods and all of the tearful pleas for a safe return all amounted to naught. The broken body lay packed in a thick black lawn garbage bag, double bagged, and closed tight, less that a few feet from the family television entombed in plaster and drywall. 

The show was filming episode 3 on location from the family home so us “psychics” could get a reading from the energy in the home. The motley crew of mentalists and bullshit artists on this season were downright comical. There was Mary, the morbidly obese medium who clams to have found hundreds of missing children and is a regular on the talkshow circuit. She’s never found anyone. In fact...her misinformation has lead to the deaths of at least two children I know of that were simply lost. Searches were ended when Mary informed the family they had already perished. Mary is a fraud. 

Johnny “Spoonbender” is a semi famous mentalist in England. He won some UK talent show performing parlor tricks that James Randi debunked decades ago. He is an idiot and an Olympic caliber asshole. But all and all he is a good guy and just a magician trying to get his name out. 

And then there is me. I gained some notoriety on YouTube when I drunkenly predicted the powerball numbers at a party a day before the drawing and
It went viral. This apparently qualifies me to solve a 30 year old murder. I am on the show to appeal to the younger demographic despite being the oldest contestant.

“But you are real right?”  The ghost puzzled.

“Unfortunately” I looked up and thought in reply. 

Steven Bigsby was pacing the living room floor. He had been annoyed that the room was not optimal for proper camera and the director was opting for handheld HD cameras. High Def was not Steven Bigsby’s friend. Bigsby was a failed standup comic who in the late 80’s found fame on Star Search. He parlayed this to multiple middle of the road TV gigs over the years and now has found himself the host of the wildly popular reality show “Psychic Detectives: Cold Case Files.” After last season lead to a successful conviction the ratings were at the highest they have ever been. Bigsby was huge. Last week he was on Howard Stern and he took most of the credit for the conviction last season and how he hand picked the case for this season because he grew up nearby and wanted justice. No one on the planet would believe he was actually the culprit. 

“I hate him” the ghost said woefully. 

The specter would leave the room whenever he entered it and feared him...even in death. 

I thought to the both of us “What did he do to you? What happened?”

“I left my body the instant he hit me in my head. After that I never felt anything. I watched from above as he put my clothes back on. He hurt me a lot before that. I’m not supposed to talk about that. It’s for grown-ups. He hit me with a hammer and I didn’t recognize my face anymore. It was all wrong. He took the locket off of my neck put it in his pocket then he put me in a bag and took me to the attic and dropped me down the wall. I have been here, in this house, ever since. I try to talk to people but no one listens...until you did.”

I responded in sorrow and pain. I said I’m sorry in a way words could not express. The ghost nodded again knowingly.

Bigsby was still fighting with the director about lighting and other minutiae. The director was a woman who, unbeknownst to everyone but me, was having an affair with Bigsby. Her name was Elaine Torrance and as torrid as I would want you to believe his affair is...they are both actually very much in love with each other. This argument could be just as much about what to have for dinner that night in a perfect world. Everyone around saw a petulant child complain to someone in charge, but I saw what amounted to a lovers quarrel. Elaine was also from this area and she and Bigsby had dated in highschool. They were destined to find each other. 

Elaine meant a great deal to Bigsby. 

“You know he loves her right...if only she knew.” The ghost said in its loudest voice yet. 

“She doesn’t” I thought. 

———

After the cameras were set up and the other psychics had filmed their “confessionals” live, it was my turn to give my thoughts and bullshit the fans into thinking I was hot on the trail. 

Mary claims that the killer is still alive and walks among us. That the victim spoke to her and said it was someone who was still close by. Well Mary, even a broken clock is right twice a day. She was more on point then she ever could have known. 

Johnny Spoonfucker says he feels “energy” that is leading him to answers beyond the realm of our understanding. Whatever the fuck that means.

“Oooookay are we all ready to go live?” Elaine sing songs in my direction. 

“Listen...we would love it if you could maaaaaybe mention a famous killer could be the murderer. Like John Wayne Gacy or something? Ooookay?”

“Gacy was on death row in 1986” I replied. 

“Oh well whatever just pick one! I don’t really care!” She exasperated. 

Just then a vision came to me.

A small tarnished Lockett in a small jewelry box atop a dresser in Elaine’s apartment. 

“That’s my Lockett! There is a picture of a rose inside. Behind the picture my initials are inscribed. My mom gave that to me. It’s my name. Rosemary.” 

Rosemary nodded in understanding when I let her know that I knew. 

And Rosemary nodded when she knew what I was about to do. 

———

“Okay we are back with tonight’s special LIVE episode of Psychic Ghost Detectives! We have heard from Mary and Johnny so let’s see what our last Psychic gumshoe thinks about tonight’s investigation!”

I looked directly at the camera and said...

“Elaine Torrence, the director of this show, killed Rosemary. I will only speak directly with authorities from here on out.”

The color drained from Bigsby’s face. 

And Rosemary...no longer a faceless entity...nodding one last time...again a child...walked out the front door.

