 "Honey," my clearly undead husband's voice called out from the depths of the kitchen. "Who is it?" 

"Um, the police," I replied back, watching the dimpled face of the young officer furrow in confusion. The officer, who had introduced herself as Detective Riebling looked over at her partner who looked just as baffled. Behind them, snow fell lazily to the ground. 

"Is your husband Josh Dashing?"

"I... yes." I replied, wrapping my sweater tighter around my body and tucking my hands under my arms. 

A million explanations run through my mind. Was his ID stolen? Was this a joke? Were these officers imposters?

I squinted at their uniforms. The RCMP badges looked legitimate. I still hesitated to invite them in, even though my naked feet were frozen solid.  

"How do you know the man was Josh Dashing?" I said. I wish Josh would stop cooking and come out and show Detective Riebling that he is very much alive. Seriously, have I not been standing here long enough to garner his concern?

"Ma'am, your husband was has been in a hit and run accident, almost three hours ago, about 10 kilometres away from here. The car was crushed, but we found his wallet that had been thrust out the car window. We confirmed his identity." The detective's cheeks were pink from the cold. Her hands were devoid of any gloves, unlike her partners, who was fully bundled up in a navy blue thick scarf, toque and gloves. 

I felt uneasy. I have never been in this situation, being told that someone I love has died. My only source of knowledge on the matter was media. However, I can't help but feel unsettled that something is off. This is not how they would inform someone their loved one is dead! Would they? I feel it would be more ... official. I don't know anymore. 

Where in the world is Josh? 

Oh my god, Sammy, I silently yelled at myself. Pull yourself together. Josh is in there cooking!

I looked at the officers again. 

"I am sorry, but I do think you have the wrong ...." 

"Honey?" I hear Josh's steps behind me and relief washes through my body. What took him so long?

Not wanting to turn my attention away from the officers, in case they are not officers, I reach my hand behind my back. When I don't feel Josh's hand, I reluctantly turn my head back to see him standing behind me, hands frozen mid-air of drying his hands with a towel. His face is white, eyes glazed over in pure shock and he is staring directly at the cops. 

I turn to look at the officers and their already baffled expressions had now transitioned into a state of shock. The only difference in their demeanour was that their hands now rested on their firearms. 

 
Edit: grammar, tense


