"Are you sure this will work?" 

The client looked tired and worn. Her hands were chapped and her nails were broken. The marks of someone who spent far too much time working in places and in jobs most would stay far away from.

"If we have the right person, then everything should work out just fine"

I gently patted her hand.  "Don't worry now.  If it's not the right person then nothing will happen." That wasn't precisely true; something would happen if I wasn't careful enough to ensure that the right sense of dead was used in this case.

It's was at this moment a man opened the waiting-room door "Hrm.  Ms. Kellogg I presume?"

"Yes, that's me." The woman stood up, and I followed soon after.

"And who might you be?" The man peered at my face "You don't appear to be a relative?"

"That would be because I'm not.  I'm providing assistance to her case" I handed him my business card.

The man took the card and read it, then read it again.  Then with a sideways glance he pocketed the card.  "Normally I wouldn't let one of you types anywhere near here, but your reputation precedes you. I'll have you know that I intend to keep a very close eye on your work.  If you slip up and reanimate someone who should be rightfully dead, I'll have you arrested and charged with indignity to a body.  Do I make myself clear?"

"Very, sir. I have no intention of animating someone who wasn't involved in this whole sorry business."

The old man sniffed, then turned to the woman."I'm sorry for the delay Ms. Kellogg, but you can never be too careful sometimes. Would you both please follow me."

We walked down a long corridor to a set of double doors. The old man approached those doors and stopped, and looked back at me. 

"I'll need a minute to pull down the wards. I don't think Ms. Kellogg will appreciate it if I fry you before you can finish your business"

"Take all the time you need" I stood back and let the old man do his work. He pulled his talisman and went to the ward stone control.  He whispered a few words, too low for me to hear. A moment later I felt a drop in the magical pressure in the room.  The ward was down.

"Follow me." The man lead us through the doors into a chilly room, where large metal refrigeration doors lined the walls, 3 rows high and at least 12 columns long.  An antiseptic odor permeated the air, with a low undercurrent of an unmistakable smell.

The man checked a chart on the walls, and then walked down the column of doors, finding the one he wanted in the fifth column.  He pulled the second door open, revealing two bare, pale feet.  He pulled the drawer out.  

"Now, Ms.  Kellogg, I'll need to ask you to see if you can confirm if this is who you think it is."

"Alright" The woman approached the body and waited for the old man to flip back the sheet.  At her unspoken command, the old man flipped back the sheet.

The woman peered at the face, then reached into her purse and pulled out an old photograph.  She compared the face of the man in the picture to that of the man before her.  

"It might be him, but I'm not sure. There are a few differences, but I'm not sure if that's because of age or not." She passed the photo to the old man, then invited me to come close to look for myself.  "Have a look: this mark here appears to be the same, but this scar and this other mark here aren't there in the photo."

Both the old man and I compared the two and agreed. 

"Well? What do you think, Ms. Kellogg? Do you think it is him?"

She stood back for a moment, then,"I'm not sure.  What do you think?" She asked the old man.

"Hmm, it's possible, but it may not be. Is there another way to identify him? DNA, perhaps?"

The woman laughed. "DNA? Sure, but that costs lots of money, and I've already spent more than I could afford tracking him down" she looked to me "You said your spell wouldn't activate if he wasn't the right person, right?"

"Yes, if worded correctly, it won't activate if the target isn't nearby."

"Well then, lets go ahead, if you don't mind?"

The old man nodded his acceptance.  "As long as your necromancer doesn't mind me listening in.  I don't want any funny business"

"I don't mind at all" 

I made my preparations, making the markings and setting the anchor points.  When I finished, there were two gaps in the anchor points: one for the control key, and one for the identifying key. I turned to the woman "Do you have the two objects I asked you to bring?"

The woman reached into her purse and pulled out a small bag. "Would this do for the control?"

I opened the bag and poured out the contents: a small necklace with a curious charm.

"A broom?" I asked.

"He never cleaned up his messes when he was alive, according to mother" she said.

"What about the other key?"

"I had some trouble with that, but I think I have a solution."  She pulled a small pen knife from her purse. "Do you think my blood would do?"

I thought for a moment "Sure, it should be enough"

The woman pricked the tip of her finger.  The crimson liquid welled out.  I directed her to gently squeeze her finger, dropping a single drop of blood to fall in the small gap.

I placed the control key in its place, then gestured for the old man to come closer. "You can stand right about here. It's close enough for you to hear everything but not cause interference." I gestured to the woman "You'll need to stand back a bit further, just so you won't interfere with the energy flow" 

The woman walked over to a spot a few feet away, and waited.

I nodded at the old man, and he nodded back.  Then, I cast the spell.  

At first, a light blue glow rose from the symbols from the floor.  I light, wispy ball formed from the mists, with a distinctive tendril wrapping around the charm.  A second tendril spun off from the ball, drifted through the drop of blood, and then began to circle, slowly, lazily toward the body.  It seemed almost to pause for a moment, before rapidly darting out and spearing the body, wrapping itself around every limb, and forcing the body upright.  Then the mouth opened, and the ball of light rushed into the mouth.

The body twitched, then jerked, and the eyes flew open.  A low moan escaped its throat, and then the body was still.

I looked over at the old man.

"Satisfied?" I asked.

The old man, fascinated, looked briefly into my eyes and nodded.

I reached out and plucked the charm from its resting place, and brought it to the woman.  She held out her hand, and I dropped it into her waiting palm. "What will you do with him now?" I asked.

"Well," she replied thoughtfully.  "I think it's about time he started cleaning up after himself, starting with this" she gestured to the inert marking ha on the floor. "Do you have a broom?"

When the old man had shown the woman and her new servant where the cleaning supplies were, the two of us watched as she experimented with her new tool.

"I'm impressed.  I heard about your ability to revive 'dead' objects, but I've never seen a necromantic spell applied so specifically to a body before.  May I ask how you were able to accomplish this without violating the law?"

"It's really quite simple.  That body just happens to be the body of Ms.Kellogg's father.  He was a deadbeat, you see. He didn't pay any child support to Ms. Kellogg's mother, and caused Ms. Kellogg and her mother quite a bit of strain."

"Hmm, interesting." The man watched as the zombie shuffled the broom across the floor. "When I heard about you before, it was about you reviving dead hard drives and dead batteries. Definitely not dead bodies."

I laughed "I used to do bodies when I first started, but I left the monkeying around with the dead behind when I discovered that I could revive dead electronics.  I make quite a bit of money recovering family photos and import documents, far more than I would have made if I had stuck to bodies."

"So why this?" The old man gestured to the zombie.

"This? Well, Its a long story, and it's rather personal.  Not something I'd like to go into, you understand.  The best that I can do is to say that I'm very aware of the hardships these types make and I'd like to make sure they pay the people they wronged back for the suffering they cause, even if it comes after death."

"Hmm," the old man mused, "that seems reasonable to me." And the two of us watched as the corpse of Ms. Kellogg's  father cleaned the morgue floor.