"You've just landed in the hedgerows and spotted nearly 6000 men," Chris says, "Men are still getting ready after the jump and the colonel just ordered you to prepare to attack, What do you do?"

Mike says, "I'm going to make sure all of my equipment is ready."

"I'll get the troops organized and ready to fight." Jerry says, looking over his character sheet and the cards they have for the various squads.

"I'll go scout ahead to get a better idea of what we're up against." Says Pat, grinning as he plans his move.

"Someone should go with you," says Jeff, "You could get really hurt."

While everyone else is thinking the same thing, they all yell "Shut up Jeff!" 

Chris looks at Pat, "Ok you get all of your equipment ready and head out, roll a stealth check."

Pat rolls his die, "18!"

"You successfully sneak between the Hedgerows, slowly approaching the enemy flank."

"I'd like to try to see if I can hear anything," He rolls the die, "22!"

"Nice!" Cheer Mike and Jeff.

Jerry is biting his nails.

"You hear muffled German. Coming from the right."

Pat looks at his sheet, thinks for a moment, and smiles. "I jump through the hedgerow and yell Hande Hoch!"

Everyone at the table looks shocked. 

"You burst through the Hedgerow and shout, in front of you are eight German officers, Roll a perception check."

"8"

"Ok. Seven of the officers put their hands in the air, but one tries to pull a pistol on you."

"I raise my rifle and fire"

"Roll an attack with advantage."

"1" Pat begins to sweat. He picks up the die again. Everyone stares at the die as he rolls it again. "20!" Pat exclaims.

"You pull the trigger and hear a satisfying thud as his body hits the ground. The rest turn to run as two guards you missed on your way in open fire." Chris rolls, "Two of the attacks miss, but one grazes your head as you take 5 points of damage."

"I try to fire at the people that are running."

"Make your attack at disadvantage because you're being shot at."

Pat rolls the die, "20!"

The group cheers, but grows sullen when they remember the disadvantage. Pat rolls the die again.

"20!"

"Yes!" Mike yells.

"Fuck yeah!" Jerry cheers.

"You did it Pat!" Yells Jeff!

"Holy crap Pat, ok with that roll you're able to hit all seven of the remaining soldiers as well as the two guards." The group cheers, "You turn around and walk back to camp, blood streaming down the side of your head. You make it back to camp and the medic helps you stop the bleeding. As they finish, the troops are ready and you move to flank the Germans, they panic and begin to surrender to your group."

Everyone at the table watches Chris with awe as reads his notes with a bit of disappointment. 

"You soon learn that the men you killed were the commanding officer and his staff. Congrats Pat, you've taken down an entire battalion by yourself."
