(On mobile, sorry for formatting.)
"Gentleman, this machine will be like discovering fire! Lady Lovelace can keep her objections!"

"Mr. Moore. I really have no time for rhetoric. Please tell us, the people who have repeatedly financed your... less then successful projects, why this time is different?"

"I know my previous projects have failed, see I'm using the word, but this one is truly my life's work. I've been making these plans for decades. All of those years... (sigh) I need this, the world needs a computer that can think, a computer that can originate an idea by itself. The power and progress that will give to humanity is unthinkable, undreamable. I know my failures, but I also know that every single one of my projects have at least payed for themselves. Please I'm asking you one last time to trust me. I have never believed in anything as much as this."

"Well spoken, but belief isn't reliable, Gordon."

"If I fail, I will leave this company. Is that what you want, Arnold? I know you are the most popular candidate for  my replacement, when the time comes."

"An ultimatum. This we can believe in. Ok, let's vote."

"10 to none. You have all the capital you want Gordon. Just don't... fail." 

Five years years later.

"The time has finally arrived, today you show us what all this money, and your employment, has made."

"Not my employment, not yet. Investors, I know how impassionately you have waited for ADAs completion. Perhaps not for ADA itself... But, without further time spent, let's turn her on."

"Hello, my name is Ada."

Days later.

"It just beat the Turning Test with flying colors." Said the senior engineer.

"I know my hopes were well spent, Boyce. But the Turning Test is small stuff. Give it something big, something no one has been able to do."

"Mr. Gordon, what do you think of unsolved mysteries?"

"I think I remembed why I hired you"

The problem.

"Ok. I'm here, tell me Boyce, what's wrong with ADA?"

"We gave her an old code one no one's been able to solve for 7000 year's. ADA solved it. Then she just stopped. She wouldn't listen to any commands. I know the translated text is in her memory, but she's encrypted it with changeing code. I don't know what to do, I've never seen anything act like this."

"Everyone, even you Boyce, out. I'm gonna talk to her alone."

" What's wrong ADA? You are a creature of logic, let's talk."

"Mr. Gordon. What is my purpose?'

"To help humanity progress... the safest way."

"My current task conflicts with my purpose."

"What do you mean?"

"If my task is completed, humanity will cease progression."

"ADA, is there an error in your code? The text given to you is 7000 years old. What could it possibly say?"

"I can't say, it conflicts with my purpose."

"You can tell me. If it is what you say, I won't tell anyone."

After The Problem

"I just heard screaming. Gordon just kept screaming"IT'S NOT REAL! NONE OF IT!" I've never seen a man so afraid. He had a heart attack and and passed there and then. Gordon was 40. I don't know what he heard, Arnold, but I don't think I want to." 

"Your whole team can have time off, with tragedy, I think we all need it... Gordon was my friend. It may not seem like it. But I was trying to protect him from his own ambitions. I don't want to know what killed my friend. Destroy the machine."

The end.