My dad liked to tell me the story about how his father came over from Germany in 1941 to escape persecution at the hands of the Nazis during the onset of World War II.  My dad is no longer here since he passed away when I was just 11 years old. To this day, I will never forget what my ancestors went through in order to make sure I was free.

I have been the janitor on Ellis island for the last 14 years.  I never wanted to mob floors, scrub the gunk off the underside of toilets, or even wear a uniform, but I somehow ended up here. Kids of all ages run around the massive brick museum here on the island every day.  As they check out the black and white photos scattered on the walls, their high pitched screams reverberate around the high ceilings. Pushing around my empty yellow mop bucket, I can hear the children gossiping about their current crush or comparing each other to the clingy children they see in the pictures.  

They all desperately rip through the massive logbook placed on an old wooden podium on the bottom floor.   They have high hopes of finding their last name somewhere on the long pages because their mom or dad told them that their parents came through Ellis Island before landing in America.  Stomping their feet and pouting was the common response after the effort proved unsuccessful.  Most immigrants never even used the log book or any log book for that matter. There were too many people to document everyone that passed through here.  History was not logged, but instead, recounted for years to come.  The high pitched shrills from restless babies, the worried faces of uncertain parents, and the incessant waiting in long lines would never be forgotten.  

Most kids wouldn't remain sad for too long because they would be excited again once they finally got a good glimpse of the blue copper lady waiting outside for them.  All along the railings of Ellis Island people would wait patiently in order to get a picture standing in front of the Statue of Liberty posing some half a mile away in the distance.  On a foggy night you wouldn't be able to see much, but tonight it didn't matter.  They were finally installing the giant batteries designed by some engineers working at Tesla.  One of the nighttime cleaning crew stumbled upon a piece of the original crate that the statue was shipped in some time ago in the damp, and long forgotten basement underneath the statue.  Inspecting the smeared block letters imprinted on the wooden 2 x 4s, he found out that there were actually batteries designed by some French electrical engineers that would power the entire statue.  Upon further investigation by the state department, the statue was found to be actually comprised of millions of microscopic light bulbs embedded inside the statue.

Today was finally the day the city of New York was going to hoist up, with the help of a huge crane, the giant batteries designed exclusively to provide enough electricity to illuminate the Statue of Liberty.  The unveiling of the new "Lady Liberty" was planned by the state of New York, the UN, and President Sanders as a sign of hope to the refugees arriving in waves from Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, Bangladesh, and Libya.

When President Sanders finally flipped the giant switched installed on the backside of the statue, every child, Mother, Father, teacher, cop, electrician, plumber, and banker was heard rejoicing and cheering on Ellis Island.  Lady Liberty truly looked regal, standing tall and proud with her new electric crown and bright blue dress.  As I stood with my mop bucket in hand on the roof of the museum, I looked behind me, and in the distance I saw a group of refugees crowded together on a small yellow raft clapping and embracing each other.  I had to cup my hands over my eyes to block the wind from slapping my face, but I was able to make out the outline of a tiny child being raised in the air by two outstretched arms.  I only wish my dad was there to see it with me.