Sure, sure, sure. I changed my mind, I don't want to do this. Sure, sure, sure. It's to late, my heads thumping, you'd think after years in the octagon I'd be used to a sore head, but this was indescribable, I scream in agony as my soul forces its way out of my body contorting and contracting on the table. My vision blurred as I crawl to my feet, rubbing my eyes it's all coming back. Cold, frostbitten and textured like pastel this new world is void of colour. Why did I agree to this? 

It's cold, so cold, but I don't shake. Fear begins to grip me and if I had a body could imagine my heart rate rising and hands begining to perspire. This is it, that feeling of helplessness that drove me to succeed in the arena, this is why I agreed. Drawing deep breath I clench my fists and strike the earth beneath me, agitating my own fear response. Tall and strong I tell myself, fear is a construction of thought and I am the fucking predator here!

It's been some time now, there's no sign of this spectre but surely it's no tale, after all here I am in this domain, reflexes sharp and on edge my eyes flicker rapidly scanning my new found environment, from tiles on the wall, to the t.v. mounted to it, over to the beds in a post op room, then to the cupboards hidden in the corner. Nothing. I turn determined and steadfast, walking surefooted and ready for anything. I continue stalking the ether for my prey, observing everything and anything, I look over at a stack of bed pans, chairs in the waiting room to the lady sitting in the wheelchair, eyes switching to guiding lines on the floor of the lobby while I keep a good pace. I freeze. The elements didn't effect me here but like a shot of cold lightning striking my back causing my hairs to stand on edge Im paralyzed, my stomach knots up and sinks. No fear, I am the predator here as I snap my body around on my backfoot ready to go all out on my victim in the chair. As my head lifts from my turn and eyes adjust to my movements. FUCK. Hello son she whispers just cm from my face, eyes wicked and black as death, skin cracked and grey like ancient porcelain. The veil of fear that grips me fades just enough to see her features. Mum?