Dylan sighed and ran his hand through his hair. "I mean, really I am not talking about you I-"

The Devil held his hand up with a stern expression, little wisps like ghosts flittering from his fingertips. "Look, I have been the subject of metaphor more than you could possibly comprehend. I don't need to be patronized."

Raising one hand, palm up, to his shoulder, Dylan exclaimed "Then you must understand why-"

"Yes, of course I do." The devil sighed forcefully, leaning over placing a clawed smoldering hand on the desk. "But do you realize how exhausting it is to already be an object of human conception and be given some agency only to have it taken away and reduce me back into another person's black and white perceptions of reality?"

The desk was smoking and scorching.

Dylan attempted to fan the fumes away from his face, seemingly unperturbed. "Okay now you are being a little heavy-handed I think."

"Oh god forbid I have a character trait that makes elevates me past the point of conceptual." The devil rolled his scarlet eyes.

"Was that pun intended?" Dylan queried.

"I mean, I am a romanticized character, not an idiot. Much less a humorless one at that. And that's another thing!" The devil raised his bony pointer finger to a point. "Can't I be likable to anyone? Why can't I be funny to more than just the reader? Why does everyone have to treat me as the epitome of evil?"

Dylan stifled a chuckle."I mean, that is sort of the point after all."

"You know, that is pretty hurtful, being reduced to the first-dimension." The Devil's head bobbed disapprovingly. "You have known me for all of your literary life. I am practically family. Is this how you treat your brothers?"

"I feel like you would be more of an uncle figure you know? You've been around a lot longer than me, you didn't raise me, and you stop in to teach me a lesson here and there, but-"

"This isn't really making me feel any better." The Devil shook his head with pursed lips, deathly white horns shaking the cords of the ceiling fan.

"Well I mean isn't really about you in the end, is it? The narrative is for the purpose of the protagonist."

The Devil cocked his head with an exhausted look. "That is an over simplification and you know it. You can't boil down a literary canon into the story of what you decide is the protagonist. If you are going to treat me as merely conceptual, I would rather you not talk about me at all. You are smart; find some other symbol tear down. I have had enough." The master of hell himself reopened the portal at his feet, descending into the depths from whence he came, a thousand wailing souls bemoaning his return to his domain, the portal closing with a puff of black smoke, quickly dispersed by the ceiling fan.

Dylan sighed and rested his head on his hand, elbow on the desk, staring at his computer screen, smoke still rising from his desk beside his elbow.

"Perhaps... I was the devil all along."

"OH YOU SON OF A BITCH." The king of suffering screamed as he engulfed the house in flames.

Edit: Fixed a word
