Thomas Anderson, known in the underground by the handle *Neo*, had a dream for the first few years of his life- meeting Morpheus, the famed hacker who initiated the rumors of the Y2K doomsday event. A man so entwined in programming, he supposedly sees normal applications as a series of code on the screen, like seeing math in wind or motion.

This only made reality *that* much more disappointing, initially. 

“You need to make a choice, Neo,” the bald man said, holding a neon blue pill in his right hand and a glowing red pill in his right. “Which will it be?”

“So- sorry, let me get this straight again. It’s been a… long day. This is all a simulation?”

“Yes. Everything you think is real is a lie.”

“Doesn’t that make you a lie?”

“Well- well, no, I’m real. I mean, I’m not real, but back in the *real* world, I’m real, and I jacked into the machine to tell you.”

“….right. And if I pop that red pill, I… wake up, in the real world?”

“Yes. You free your mind.”

Neo motioned to the liquidy red blob. “You got more than one of those?”

“I mean, yeah, I have a bottle of them in my coat. But you only need one.”

“Pop it. Take it, and I’ll take one, too.”

“I don’t think that’s a great idea. We don’t know what havoc that might wreak.”

“And why is that, exactly?”

Morpheus shifted uncomfortably. “Well, I may have taken a few earlier. It could break the Matrix if I push it.”

“Isn’t that literally what you want? To take ‘The Matrix’ down?”

“Well, I don’t-“

“Pop it, old man. Pop it.”

*~ two hours later ~*

Neo rotated his hand around, gawking at it.  “Shit, dude. I think you’re right about the simulation stuff. Like, we’re all just batteries or something in a giant machine.”

"Yes, Neo. You're the chosen one, to save us all from this false life. Welcome to the real world." He motioned toward a wall, then fell over. 

"I'll do it, Morpheus. I'll free us all," Neo whispered, in some language distantly related to English. 

200mg of LSD will fucking end your reality.

*/r/resonatingfury*