"Everything will be fine," Kelly said as she secured the scull cap on Martin's head.  She hoped his brain was active enough to understand her.  She made a mental note to ask after the procedure, assuming it was successful.  

Martin had been involved in a car accident nearly a decade ago and had been on life support in a medically induced coma ever since.  Kelly ignored the ethical pleadings of her colleagues over the years and had tireless worked on a method to transfer consciousness.  She knew it was risky, but she had firsthand seen a successful transfer in her mice so believed the same procedure would work on the love of her life.

Kelly approached her terminal and ran the final diagnostic tests. She took one final glance at Martin's comatose body and across the room to the recently deceased man who's body she had stolen.  "Here we go," she mumbled as she slid her mouse toward the "transfer" button and quickly clicked.
 
Kelly's eyes snapped open and quickly fluttered as she took in her new surroundings.  "Wh..where am I," she sputtered as she looked around.  Kelly's mind raced as she processed the scene in front of her.  How had this happened?  The procedure was meant to transfer the consciousness of one subject into another, yet here she sat at the edge of a cobblestone courtyard watching a bewildered crowd fall into a sort of panic.  She immediately knew the extent of her mistake.

"Oh my God, what have I done?" she thought as she frantically patted her pockets, hoping for a cell phone but coming up empty.  "Of course I transfer into a person without a cell phone," she grumbled as she started to stand.  She scanned the crowd for someone, anyone, with a phone in their hand.  Her only hope was that someone was now inhabiting her body and that she could contact them to attempt to reverse what had just happened.  

She spotted a young man yelling toward a woman in what she thought was Spanish and waving a phone with his hand.  Kelly approached the man and tapped his shoulder, wishing she had kept up with her Spanish studies from High School.  "Uh, Perdóname, um telefono," Kelly asked as she pointed and mimed at the phone, hoping he would understand and give it to her.  He responded something that Kelly did not understand, handed the phone to her, and turned back to the other woman, resuming his tirade.

Kelly pressed the home button on the phone and to her dismay was prompted for a passcode.  "Shit!" she screamed, and began scanning the crowd for someone else with a phone.  

To the edge of the courtyard, Kelly spotted a sign for Hotel Savoy.  She sprinted toward the hotel entrance and pushed through the revolving door.  The only other person in the lobby sat on the floor, staring at his hands, slowly turning them back and forth.  "Do you have a phone," Kelly asked, immediately realizing the man didn't work here, or likely even speak English.  The man glanced briefly in Kelly's direction, then returned to staring at his hands.

Kelly quickly found what she was looking for at the check-in kiosk.  She picked up the receiver and punched in the phone number to her lab.  She was immediately prompted with a rising tone and a woman speaking in a language she did not understand.  "International code, duh," Kelly whispered as she depressed the receiver and picked back up again.  She again dialed her lab phone number, this time remembering to start with 001, and prayed for success.

The phone began to ring as Kelly tapped her foot rapidly against the kiosk.  After four tones Kelly heard her own eerie voice on the other end of the line, "he..he..hello?"  "Oh, thank God!" Kelly exclaimed into the phone, "this is all probably confusing to you right now but I need you to do exactly as I say, okay?"  

The voice responded, "Uh, okay, do you know what is going on?  Who is this?  How did I get here?  What happened?"

Kelly quickly shouted back, "I promise I'll answer later, but right now we don't have time for this.  There was a terrible accident and I'm trying to make things right, please just do as I say."

"Okay," the voice said, "it is just a little weird looking at my body on a table with a bunch of wires all over the place, that's all.  What do I need to do?"  

Kelly's heart sank. "Martin, is that you?" she asked.

"How would you know that," he said, "who is this?"

"Martin, oh my God, I'm so sorry.  I was just trying to fix you," Kelly sputtered as she began to cry.

"What?  Do I even know you, man?" Martin replied.

In her haste to find a phone and undo her mistake Kelly had not taken the time to examine the body she was in, and that she was now a man with a strong Italian accent.

"Listen, Martin, it is me, Kelly," she sniffled, "I was just trying to fix you and I don't know what happened.  We need to undo this.  Please just help me and I promise I will bring you back."

"Okay, I trust you," Martin responded, "but how do you know this will work?" 

Kelly had only tested reverting the transfer process once and had lost both mice in the process, but this was her only shot to get back to her body and her life's work. "I tested the reversion process successfully," Kelly lied.  "Please Martin, please just do what I ask and we can make things right."

Martin agreed and Kelly walked through the process of accessing the transference program and the inverse settings she had configured for the initial transfer, and then asked him to press the "transfer" icon.  "Okay, Kelly, I'm doing it, I trust you and I love you," Martin said.

For the second time that day Kelly's eyes snapped open.  "Kelly?  Are you in there?" she heard as she saw her own familiar form come into view "everything will be fine."