 One moment I was dining with my wife, the next I found myself standing in the middle of a busy train station, with everyone around me seemed panic and confused.

"What is going on?" I asked a man next to me.

"I don't know, they said the train has derailed and won't be coming"

"What? Why am I here?" Then it came to me. Everyone here \*seemed\* confused and panic because they just found out there was an accident, no one else seemed to have gone through a "teleportation" like I did. But if I just appeared in thin air, why is no one surprised?

Confused. I realized I need to find where am I. 

"Where is this place?" I asked another man passing through.

Then everything changed. I wasn't in a train station anymore. Here I was seating in a theater, with everyone around me staring at me confused. A man next to me answered. 

"Honey, is everything OK?"

"Honey?" I stared the man next to me confused. I remember I was married to a woman, not a man! "No!" I looked myself over. I remember I was a man, not a woman. "What is happening to me?" I felt so tired and confused and I closed my eyes. 

The moment I opened them, I found a stranger looking back at me through the mirror. Clearly I changed back to a man, but to a completely unknown stranger. Then I realized. The body wasn't changing, it was me, the consciousness inside the body that was jumping from person to person, most likely when I closed my eyes. Everyone else seemed to be fine and I was the only one experiencing this. 

"Is this my superpower?" If so, this is not fun at all. I really wish my superpower would be flying or regeneration rather than this. Consciousness swapping is a tired and confusing power. One moment I was lying on my bed, the next moment I was driving on the highway. I nearly kill myself, or the person I was living in, many times.

"This has to stop". I said to myself. I can't continue this confusion anymore. I need to find some information. Luckily we lived in a age of internet. After a quick online search I found some thing promising. Dr. Thomas Kim from university of Colorado described a similar experience in his personal blog. Maybe he can help me, but how can I get to Colorado? According to Google, I am in Toronto right now.

I closed my eyes. When I opened them I found myself seating in a class room. "Is this university of Colorado?" I murmured to myself. It seems my superpower had some usefulness after all. I took out my phone, or rather, the phone belongs to the person my consciousness now residing.

"Damn it" I was still in Toronto. It seems my superpower was random after all. I closed my eyes and check my location again on Google map. I had moved, but not far. Then it came to me. I can't control where I am going or who I am swapping into, but I can control the time I stayed in a person's body! 

During the next few swaps \(or thousands, I don't really remember\) I closed my eyes instantly if I found myself further away from my destination and otherwise stayed as long as possible, and heading towards my destination. Finally, I found myself in front of Dr. Thomas Kim's office. I knocked on the door.

"Come in" someone answered. And there he was, working in front of his computer. 

I briefly described what was going on as I can't hold my eyeballs open very long.

"That is very interesting," said Dr Kim. "My theory is that \*\*everyone is swapping consciousness with everyone all the time\*\*"

"What?" I blinked, Dr Kim disappeared, and I found myself in a bus now. 

"I need to find a smarter way to find him" I murmured to myself as I checked my location on the phone.

"My phone?" The I realized, Dr Kim must have a phone number as well. I don't need to find him personally, I just need to call him. How stupid I was!

"Hello? I was the person who talked with you about consciousness swapping, can you explain what do you mean by your claims?"

"My theory is that this is happening to all of us, not just you"

"But why it seems I am the only one experiencing this?"

"Because you remembered" Dr Kim paused, "or rather, having trouble accessing the memory of the person you consciousness currently reside in." 

"I don't understand"

"Imagine this. If what I claimed was true, that consciousness swapping is happening all the time, but only consciousness, not memory, is changing. One moment you were John, remember all the things that John did, doing, or is planning to do. The next moment you became Susan, now you are cut off from John's memory, instead you remember everything about Susan. Now if I tell you, who is now Susan, and only remembered what Susan remembers, that you are only Susan for a brief moment and was John before. Will you believe me?"

"I, er.." I don't know what to say. Then I found myself seating in a bar. "It is happening again" I thought to myself. I quickly took out the phone and dialed the number 

"Hello, Dr Kim, let's say what you said is true, why only I realize the consciousness swapping?"

"Aha, it is you again, I have been waiting for you."

"Really? I called you straight away"

"No, it has been a month since you called me"

"How could this possible? What happens to me during that month?"

"You see, when I say that everyone is swapping consciousness with everyone all the time, I didn't mean just humans. I meant \*\*everyone\*\*, including animals or even objects that we normally don't consider to be alive"

"What? Why don't I remember anything if I was in an animals body for a month?"

"That is because that unlike humans, the animal brains are less developed, therefore when you, or I should rather say, when we reside in an animal, we could only feel very basic emotions. The animal brains are not designed to handle complicated emotions, reasoning, logic that the human brains are capable of. As a result, all your human memories won't make sense as an animal and all your animal memories won't make sense as a human."

This is too much information, this can't be true. "How can I stop all this?"

"You didn't understand me, you \*\*can't\*\* stop this. As almost no one realized that consciousness swapping is happening, no one studied the object. Besides, our understanding of consciousness is really limited. However," he continued, "there is a way to relieve you from this nightmare."

"How?" I said anxiously

"You are experiencing this because there is a special link, maybe in quantum level, between your consciousness and the man you think you were. It is like quantum entanglement"

The self I remembered was never good at physics in high school or college, but strangely, everything makes sense to me now. Perhaps the man I reside in have a PhD in physics?

"You remember everything because with that strange link, you still have access to the person's memory, like two entangled particles"

"If we change one of them, the other would change instantly regardless of space and time" I found myself remember what quantum entanglement was.

"The access of memory from another brain causes trouble for your consciousness to fully access the memory of this body you reside in. That is why you realized consciousness swapping is happening unlike other people." He paused, this time for a longer time, "the solution for you is simple. If you destroy that link, everything will go back to normal, or at least everything will seem like normal as with full access to the memory, you won't be bothered by consciousness swapping, you won't realize consciousness swapping anymore"

"How can I destroy that link?" I think I already knew the answer.

"Kill that person who has the link with you, kill the man you thought you were"

"How do you know this works?"

"Because it worked for me"

"No, there has to be another way" I hanged up the phone.

That idea is crazy. How can I kill the husband of my wife? We just married, and before that we have gone through so much, if not for her, I would still be lying in the hospital, waiting to die. Then it all came to me, before I met with my wife, I was in an accident and almost died. The driver who did this said he didn't remember anything, said one moment he was leaving home the next moment I was lying on the ground, bleeding to death.

I called the number again. "You said it worked for you, whom did you kill?"

"Elliott Walters"

"I am, \*\*I was\*\*, Elliott Walters" I said.

"In that case, I must have failed to kill him. No, \*\*you\*\* must have failed to kill him"

"What? I didn't try to kill me."

"Can't you see? My memory about everything, the consciousness swapping, \*\*was your memory\*\*. You consciousness and Walters' brain had this connection. When your consciousness resided in Walters body, your consciousness and his mind linked together. That's why you had trouble the first time.“

"The first time?" I asked?

"Yes. You had the same trouble before, and then you realized why and what you must do to destroy the connection. You were the driver who hit Walters. You closed your eye the moment you hit him, and that's why I, Dr. Kim remember everything instead of the driver, you must have damaged his brain to cause an temporary disconnection between your consciousness and his brain. But he recovered, and the moment you swap into him again, the link was created for the second time."

I hanged up the phone. Now it makes sense. I tried to kill Walters before, but he survived. The consciousness that resides in his body now, is someone else. If I kill him again, If what Dr. Kim's theory, no, \*my theory\* was correct, I would just wipe a memory from existence, I wouldn't really hurt a consciousness, right? That must be true. 

I closed my eyes. I kept them close. Dr. Kim was right, \*I was right\*. I still have access to Walters' memory. It seems he was seating on my sofa in my home watching TV, no, he was seating on \*his\* sofa in \*his\* home.

Tracking down Walters was easier than tracking down Dr. Kim. With access to his memory, I was able to locate him all the time. Finally, I found myself walking into restaurant where he was eating next to his wife. "How many?" The waiting asked. "Just one." I walked past Walters, there was a chair next to him. Now was my chance, I grabbed the chair next to him and attacked him. This time, I kept my eye open during the whole time. 

"Is this all you have to say?" The judge asked. The defendant was accused of murdering Elliot Walters in broad daylight in front of his wife. And here I am, as one of the juries. 

"This is ridiculous. This is just some wild story the lawyer came up trying to defend the cold blooded murderer." I said, "If consciousness was swapping all the time like the man claimed, we would all know, someone would know, right?". I ask the other juries, and they all seem to agree with me. 

And I blinked. 