I nearly jumped out of my skin when i saw the flashing lights in my peripheral vision.  It was a friendly greeting as usual but the speaker's habit of just BEING there unnerved me,  How the heck did she know I was on the roof?

"Oh. Uh .. Hello" I flashed back, trying hard to keep my surprise down so as not to accidentally glare when merely intended to polity shine at our guest.  I did a quick mental inventory of how the genders for these humans were differentiated before adding the pattern: "Ma'am"

I paused and waited for the translator to work.  A little camera she wore around her neck that saw my patterns and turned it into some sort of hieroglyphs on a screen on her wrist.  She pressed some buttons on it after it had finished and her necklace flashed, "We were starting our weekly meeting soon and I TRANSLATION ERROR you walking around up here so I thought I'd let you know"

"Oh I'm terribly sorry" I patterned in response, "I'll be down shortly"

She smiled, thanked me and left.  The translator errors were annoying, partially because the errors glared brighter than normal patterns and I often though for a moment that the Human had glared at me for some reason.  But I supposed it was not so unexpected for the new technology.  I had a reasonable guess that the untranslatable pattern had something to do with the human's unnerving ability to just know what was up without anyone shining at them about it or seeing it themselves.

I asked some of the scientists about it once and he shone that I was hardly the first to recognize our new guest's apparent psychic abilities.  The scientists patterned they hadn't fully grasped it yet but it that it wasn't a psychic power but that the humans merely had the ability to detect localized activity.  Detecting range went up with activity level and was partially but not fully blocked by barriers, even fully opaque ones that could not be patterned through at all.

No matter what they try to shine me about the humans that seems like ESP magic to me.  Hell I was merely pacing on the roof and she had known I was there from a floor below?  That can NOT be natural.

I flashed and shook myself out of my thoughts and gave my light-glands a rub.  These meeting were always long, and I may need to do a lot of shining.

&#x200B;

EDIT: fixed an oops

my sub: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Morpheuskibbe/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Morpheuskibbe/)