"You sure this'll get his attention?" Tyrannosaur said to me, I could hear the boredom in his voice.

"I know for a fact this'll work. It's worked every time." I said, prepping the bomb.

"Why the hell are you only going after Megaton? He's crazy stupid strong." Tyrannosaur grumbled, taking a swig from his drink.

He was really strong, I thought, Whatever works.

"Well?" Tyrannosaur said.

"One day, I'll beat him, and we'll rule New York." I said, handing him the bomb," Go set it up."

He chuckled and walked away," 'One day it'll work.'" He said mockingly.

Asshole, if only he knew why I really did this. It's because I've been in love with Megaton for years. I've just never worked up the courage to talk to him. Weird, a scientist with immense cosmic powers can't even talk to a guy. But that doesn't matter anymore. Today, I'll tell him. I grabbed my energy scythe and walked out to where Tyrannosaur was, waving the bomb around and scaring civilians.

"He should be here by now.." I muttered, looking around.

Tyrannosaur turned to me and said," You're trying to bring him over, yeah?"

"That's correct."

"Then help me, you son of a bitch! Scare these civies!"

"Fine." I walked up and raised my scythe in the air, "Citizens of New York! If you don't surrender now, Tyrannosaur and I, the great Magnus, shall destroy you all!"

The civilians were scared, perfect. I smiled, this was all going according to the plan.

"Oi, Magnus! Megaton and League are here!" Tyrannosaur yelled.

I turned, seeing Megaton land from the ship, with Pyromaniac and Magician with him.

"Well if it isn't Megaton and his lackeys!" I laughed defiantly.

"Surrender you two! Your evil plans shall be foiled yet again!" Magician yelled.

"Quiet lady! Ill destroy the lot of you!" Tyrannosaur yelled, preparing to charge.

But before Tyrannosaur could charge, I trapped him in an energy field.

"Wha- Oi! Magnus, whaddya doing?" He yelled, trying to move.

"Yes, do explain." Megaton said, walking over.

"Megaton, you can take me and my friend here in. But I wanted to talk to you." I said, I could feel the butterflies in my stomach fluttering up a storm.

"Pyromaniac, disable the bomb." Megaton ordered.

"Da." He ran over and began to fiddle with the bomb.

"Alright, what do you want to talk about?"

"Well, would there be anyway we could this over coffee?" I said shyly.

"What, like a date?"

"Erm.."

"You're a crazy man, Magnus, but I accept."