It was 2am and my lieutenant was pulling me out the door before I became fully aware of what was going on. The emergency system had been activated, and red lights were flashing down every hallway in the 22-story building. As soon as we entered the main data bank, I pulled an engineer aside to brief me.

"What the hell is going on?" I asked, probably coming off a little more callous than I meant.

"We've discovered an anomaly, sir," he said. "It's ancient, buried in code back from the first generation of pods. We can't access it and we don't know why, but from the outside it looks like it could be a phantom cell."

"A what?" I asked, incredulous. I knew what phantom cells were, just like I knew what fairies were: they were a fantasy.

"A phantom cell, sir," the engineer continued. "We think we may have discovered the preserved consciousness of a person who died during the pilot round of VR pod entertainment."

It was ridiculous. These fabled preserved consciousnesses, or "digital phantoms" as they were colloquially known, were said to have been fairly rare, happening only once every few decades, largely by chance, had more recently been the subject of debunking by a series of digital historians. The historical community considered them to be nothing more than a modern version of the ancient ghost stories of our ancestors.

But the more I looked into the section of code in question (and I did scour it; I didn't just forget how to be a hacker when I got promoted, after all), the more I began to believe in the engineer's theory. And the more we poked and prodded at its defenses, the more we learned.

It didn't take long, a mere 3 hours, before another so-called "phantom cell" popped up in our radar system. This one was smaller, clearly younger and less fortified. We were already inside when we realized she was waiting for us.

Everything happened in a blur. Headsets frying, pods shutting down, wires shorting, smoke and soot everywhere. Only a few of us made it out, with nothing but a laptop, a holo-tablet, and a flash drive containing the ancient phantom cell.

"Colonel," Lieutenant Cade began as he sat down next to me at the dining room table in a Department of Digital Defense safe house, "we need to wake up the other phantom. I've been doing some research and I think I may know whose consciousness is in that code. Her name is Alexandra Davencourt, but her contemporaries seemed to refer to her as Sasha. She was born in 1998 and she died in one of the first prototype pods in 2024. And I think I may have found a way to infiltrate her code. We still can't break in, but we can seep through the cracks."

"So you're telling me you think this is a 3000 year old consciousness buried in ancient code, and you want to wake whatever poor soul is tucked away in there and force it to fight a malevolent virus that seems intent on frying everything it touches?"

"Well it doesn't sound as agreeable when you put it that way," he stuttered," but yes. I believe this is the only way we can protect everyone whose out there. So many of our loved ones decided to live on in the code. I don't know what I'd do if I couldn't email my dad anymore." Cade had a point. People had been downloading their consciousnesses at the end of their physical lives for generations, and literal billions were at risk if this viral phantom was left unchecked.

It had been three days and no one had any other ideas, so we did something I had long thought nothing more than a myth. We woke a ghost.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
The day the world ended began like any other. The sun was shining as it always did, my breakfast of eggs and bacon and a latte was perfect as always, and there was one fluffy cloud in the sky as I drove to work, like there was every single day.

Except that day, the cloud didn't look vaguely like a sheep. No, on the day the world ended, the cloud looked like letters arranged into words in the sky.

"Sasha, this isn't real," the cloud read. It followed me to work, and suddenly everything changed. The sky got dark, the building changed color, and my car disappeared into thin air. I ran into my office as Gail began to fall from the sky, but all the people I encountered had become terrifyingly deformed caricatures of themselves. I sat down at my desk, hoping it was all a mean joke, and I noticed I had an email.

"SASHA, THIS ISN'T REAL," read the subject line. I opened it.

"We know this is scary, but we need your help. Copy the attached file to your hard drive and open it. We will protect you, but you need to trust us."

I didn't know what else to do as the world literally crumbled around me, so I did what the email said. I doubled clicked on the file once it was installed, and everything around me disappeared. It felt like I was falling for what seemed like hours, and when I woke, I was looking through a window at a room unlike anything I'd seen before. There were two men dressed in military uniforms standing across from the window, staring at me.

"Alexandra Davencourt?" the older man asked.

"It's just Sasha," I snapped before I even thought about it.

"You were right," he whispered to the other man. "It is her." He turned back to me, and smiled. "We are speaking to you now through a computer. You see, you died in 2024 during an electrical outage at the New England Virtual Reality Lab. Your consciousness was downloaded into the digital mainframe and it has been preserved there for 3000 years. We're so sorry for pulling you out of your afterlife, but we need your help. Someone like you, someone old and buried down deep, is threatening the lives of billions of people, and you are the only one who can stop it. You see, you can do things we can't do, you can get into places we can't reach, and most importantly, you can't be hurt by the virus."

I was stunned. This was not really how I had expected this day to play out.