The cheering of the crowd is thunderous. Sitting inside the fighters' pit, I can hear their excitement as clear as day. I look around me and observe all the different faces of today's competitors. Some look scared. Some look overly confident. The tension is flooding the room and it fails to go unnoticed among the people in the pit. All I do is keep myself calm, closing my eyes and controlling my breathing. Right behind me, I hear someone struggling with trying to keep his cool. His breathing is all over the place and he can barely finish his prayer. 

"You," I hear someone call out. For some reason, I just knew it was me. I open my eyes to look at the person who called me out. "How come you're so calm? Are you not scared of death?" He asks me. "This entire kingdom is known to be filled with the most dangerous people across all the five kingdoms,"

"I'm not afraid because I know I'll win," I reply calmly. 

Suddenly, everyone in the room turns to look and stare at me. Within a few seconds, they burst into laughter. I simply return to my state of meditation, controlling my breathing once again with my eyes closed.

"Oh my friend, I express my deepest gratitude for helping me calm my nerves before this tournament begins," one of them says in between laughs. 

I ignore them. They'll get what's coming to them. 

As everyone in the room finally settles down and the tension sinks away, so does the cheering of the crowd. The loud, booming voice of the announcer is heard. 

"Greetings! Greetings I bid to all of today's attendees who have come from near and far to witness today's great tournament," He begins. "Greetings, as well, I bid to this kingdom's king and queen who have offered their fair daughter's hand in marriage to the one who shall reign as our victor!" 

The crowd gives a round of applause before the announcer speaks again. "Without wasting any more of your precious time, ladies and gentleman, let us begin with the first match!" 

With those simple words, the crowd goes wild again. Through the loudness that is the crowd, I hear the announcer call my name. Looks like I get to go first. 

I get up from my seat in the pit and make my way to the gate. Behind me, I hear the sarcastic good luck wishes from the people who will soon fall victim to my special little trick. I stand behind the gate and look out onto the battlefield. It isn't too big. Isn't too small either. It's just right. Whoever my opponent will be, he'll be within perfect range. In my heart and in my mind, I thank my professor who decided to hand me this prototype time-traveling device. Really, she's the only reason I'm able to do this.

Once the gate lifts up, I walk out into the ring. The crowd goes absolutely wild. Wilder than before. I don't if they're cheering for me or for the other guy or if they're just excited to watch people murder each other for the hand of a beautiful and powerful lady. Whichever it may be, it doesn't really concern me. I'm not here to entertain the masses. I'd just like to win the hand of that kick-ass princess I've had the privilege of getting to know over the past year. 

I stop and hold my ground a few meters away from the center of the ring. Across the battlefield stands my opponent. He is big. However, he wasn't wearing any armor. Only a hooded robe that concealed his identity. Perfect. It saves me the trouble of having to actually aim. Unless he was wearing armor underneath which it didn't seem like it. I, on the other hand, am wearing light leather armor that covers up just about my entire body. Also, I'm wearing the jeans and boots I brought from back home. I don't know how I look to them but I think I look pretty cool. Decided not to opt for any headgear 'cause I thought it would ruin my style. 

I look up at the princess who sits with her parents and when our eyes meet, my lil' ol' twenty-four-year-old heart skipped a beat. We both smiled at each other, her eyes were gleaming with the hope that I would keep my promise to her and win this tournament. 

I look back at my opponent and stare him down, trying to intimidate him. As soon as I hear the announcer shout out "Begin!" I pull out my gun from my holster and fire straight at the man. My cocky smirk turned into shock and disbelief when my opponent lifted up his arm and blocked my bullet with a blue energy-shield. He pulls off his robe to reveal the extremely futuristic looking suit of armor he was wearing the whole time. He gives me a smirk before a helmet pulls over his head and he pulls out a rifle from his back.

Looks like I'm not the only time-traveler around here.