Gerald gazed at The Big Scary Dragon Tavern as the rain came down hard on his black cloak. He walked up to the door, slammed it open, and wandered into the tavern. His head glanced over to his right as he heard a big thump. He thought that the door must have hit something. Looking down, Gerald saw a crippled fairy on the ground. Its wings buzzed, and it groaned in pain.

*Oh, damn it not again!* Gerald thought to himself.

Gerald's pursed his lips as everyone in the tavern stared at him in silence. The bartender, a hulking ogre, glared at Gerald while cleaning a glass.

"Hey, genius! Just because your some ominous and mysterious man in black doesn't mean you can just slam my damn door like that!" The ogre bellowed, then spat into the glass.

"Um..." Gerald said as he tried to find the right words.

"And ya killing off my damn customers!"

"Sorry! It won't happen again!"

"Whatever."

Gerald wandered over to a booth that was unoccupied and sat down. He looked around at all the helpless fairy tale creatures that sat around him. The Big Scary Dragon Tavern was just the right place for fairy tale creatures down on their luck. It was rotten, disgusting, and outright unclean. There were witches that wandered the tavern dealing substances that couldn't have been legal. Also, there were werewolves that were most likely infested with fleas. Finally, there were vampires waiting at the entrance to be invited inside.

"Um?! Can someone invite us in please?!" One of the vampires from the outside shouted. No one came.

Rain continued to pour. Gerald could hear it pounding against the wooden roof.

"Can I get you anything young man?" A young elven tavern serving girl said to Gerald tapping her foot.

"Oh! I'll just take water... Thank you!" Gerald said caught off guard. He wasn't paying attention.

The elf lady rolled her eyes, then winced as she heard a loud crack nearby.

"Son of a bitch! Not again!" The elf lady said annoyed.

"BETTY! I need you to come clean this up!" The ogre at the bar shouted.

"Yea yea! I can hear you just fine from here asshole!" Betty shouted back at the ogre.

Gerald looked over to see that another garden gnome laid shattered on the floor. He watched as Betty came out of the back with a broom and dustpan.

*That's the third time this week...*

"Oh god! Not Jerry!" A garden gnome screamed as he attempted to piece the shattered gnome back together.

Past the gnome, Gerald was finally able to get a good look at a unicorn that was drinking ale out of a bucket. The unicorn was exactly the reason he was here. While everyone was distracted by garden gnome, Gerald would make his move.

*Finally!*

Gerald wandered over to the unicorn, who seemed to be sobbing as he approached.

"Hey! What's wrong?" Gerald asked the unicorn, patting it on the back.

The unicorn belched loudly. "The hell do you want man?" he asked.

"Hey, MAN, just trying to be friendly." Gerald said as he held his nose, waving his hand in front of his face. "You don't know me, I know. But I just saw you over here crying and thought I could give you a helping hand is all."

"Oh! It's these damn kids man." The unicorn said as he continued to sob. "All these kids care about nowadays is this show called 'My Little Pony' or something like that! You've heard of it, right?"

"Actually grown men watch that show." Gerald said matter of factly.

"Whatever man! Kids watch it too! Regardless, they can give less of a crap about me. No one cares about unicorns anymore... I'm done! Finished! Out of the job! You know what I mean? It's hard man."

"That's just tragic... It's like your life is..." Gerald paused and looked around the room. He stared at the broken garden gnome then snapped his fingers. "Shattered to pieces! Like that garden gnome over there! Did you see that? Take a look."

The unicorn turned to look at the garden gnome. While the unicorn was distracted, Gerald took a vial from a pocket inside his cloak. He uncorked the vial and poured it into the unicorn's bucket, making a soft dripping noise. The unicorn jerked his head back to see what where the soft dripping noise was coming from. Gerald quickly shoved the vial in his pocket and whistled.

"Aw man! Did another fairy piss in my drink again?" The unicorn said disgustedly.

"Must have been the rain... Maybe a leak in the roof or something?" Gerald said calmly.

"Yea! They really need to fix that man..." The unicorn said as he took a large drink from the bucket.

Gerald watched as the unicorn began to stumble around, trying desperately to keep his balance.

"Woah dude... I don't feel so good..." The unicorn said drunkenly.

"Maybe we need to head outside." Gerald said as he gestured towards the door.

Gerald led the unicorn outside the tavern. The vampires were still out there asking Gerald to invite them in. Gerald ignored them. It was still raining, but most of it had calmed down compared to the last time he was out here. He pulled out a large rifle and aimed it at the unicorn.

"Hey man... What are doing with that thing?" The unicorn asked sluggishly, stumbling side to side.

"Just hold still for me..." Gerald said coldly.

Gerald pulled the trigger to his rifle, shooting out a large net that wrapped itself around the unicorn. He dragged the unicorn out on to the road where his four-wheel drive truck was parked. He loaded the unicorn into the truck, got in the driver's side, and drove off into the rainy night.

((Second part in reply.))