"Hey, look, it's the *astronaut*!"

"Ah yes, our savior with the powers of the cosmos!"

There were snickers from the posse Mark had around him, leaning against my locker. The guy was your stereotypical asshole. Ugly face, huge teeth, tall, well built, you know the like, the kind you would find in your local Bullies-R-Us. Normally I just ignored the "Camels" as they called themselves, but not today. Maybe it was the calculus exam I had just absolutely bombed, or maybe the pressure had built up for long enough and I had to burst. The why doesn't matter, really., what mattered is what I did. 

I scowled and snapped, "Big talk coming from the guys who can make the air temperature increase." I waved my hands and said in a high pitched voice "Oh god save me, I'm sweating, those dastardly Camels!" Bold words from someone with absolutely no powers, but regardless, I shook my head and continued in my normal voice, "Fuck off, prick, I need to get my textbooks," and with that I *shoved* him out of the way. Shoved. 

Me, the barely 100 pound 5 foot 6 guy, shoved Mark, the mountain. 

I will say this though, the look on his face was priceless in that moment. He couldn't quite believe what had just happened. His lips were parted and his eyes were wide, he looked like something out of a cartoon. 

This was funny for exactly 0.2 seconds. After which he punched me in the face. 

One second, I was savoring the look on Mark's face, the next I was savoring the cold floor against my cheek. I held my hand against my mouth and it came away red with blood. I stared at it for a moment, my eyes wide, and then someone kicked my in the shin. I howled and curled into the fetal position on the ground.

"You, fucking nobody!" Mark said between kicks, "You *touch* me, you ain't fit to lick the soles of my feet, you pathetic shit!" He stopped kicking for a moment, and I looked up at him. His eyes were bloodshot, and he was breathing heavily, his nostrils flaring with each breath. 

"I-" I managed, before coughing up blood. 

"Hmm," Mark said, grinning, "you got something to say?" He leaned in closer to hear me better. 

"I- I didn-" I said before I started coughing again. 

"Jeez, Leo, we ain't got all day, just apologize to Mark, and we'll be done with this," one of the Camels said. 

"I didn't know-" I said.

Mark gestured for me to continue.

"That you could kick and talk at the same time," I finished. 

There was some poorly suppressed laughter from the camels. But one look from Mark and they cut off immediately. Then he looked at me with pure murder in his eyes. 

I closed my eyes. *You've fucking done it Leo, you and your big mouth,* I thought to myself. 

There was a yell and suddenly a wave of heat washed over me, as if I were in an oven. The Camels were cooking me alive. 

But it vanished as soon as it had come. There was the sound of running, and then one pair of footsteps. Someone, put their hands under me. 

"Come on, you have to get up, we have to get you to the nurse," said a soft voice. 

I finally found the strength to open my eyes, and all I could do was not to gape. An angel had saved me. An avenging angel with fire for hair. "...My Angel" I managed in my infinite charm. 

She laughed. It was a pure, crystalline sound, "Just Lisa is fine," she said, as she helped me to my feet, as if I didn't know. Everyone in the world knew who Lisa was. She was a prodigy, one of the most powerful people in the world, because she was born in, wait for it, a volcano. 

Yep. A fucking volcano.  

"You used fire back there?" I asked as we walked through the hallways - though it was mostly Lisa doing the walking. Lisa, unlike the Camels, was a bonafide badass; she could control real fire, not just air temperature like the Camels, she could summon fire from thin air. 

"Mnhm," she said, "you must have really pissed them off, Leo."

We'd never talked before, but I too was almost as famous as Lisa, the boy born in space, the one supposed to be born with cosmic powers. In fact, being born in space gave you jack shit. At least the camels would never freeze to death, I had absolutely nothing. No powers at all. 

"Must've been my charm" I said, with a grin. Seeing the horrified look on her face I imagined how much of a bloody mess my teeth must be, I stopped.

But she just laughed. "Ah yes, I can see how that might have gotten them riled up." 

And leaning against Lisa, joking with her, hearing her laugh, I figured maybe shoving Mark wasn't the worst decision of my life. 

***

Check out my [sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) if you enjoyed!

 