I hear first the little beep, sounding over and over from the machines at my side, an insistent alarm which refuses to let me go back to sleep. The fog lifts slowly, like an insistent mist defiant to the morning sun. 

A nurse checks in, sees me awake, weakly pulling at the tubes feeding into me. She pads off urgently, and returns with the doctor, who asks me, one too many times, the following question:

"Mr Bensters, what is the last memory you have?"

I shake my head, struggling to contort my tongue around words not spoken for too long. "I... won the lottery, didn't I? With the birthday money I got when I turned 18? Largest payout in my city, ever? Did I drink too much, pass out or something? God, I hope I didn't do anything stupid..."

It takes them the better part of an hour, aided in part with strong tranquilisers, to get me calm again, after they show me the mirror, and after I realised that there was no makeup involved, that there really was a balding, middle-aged man staring back from the other side of the mirror. 

"Mr Bensters, please, you need to cooperate. What is the last memory you recall?"

"What does it matter?" I cry, throat hoarse, eyes still swimming with tears. "Where did the years go? That money was my ticket to a better life, so why am I here? Why am I old now?" 

Then the realisation strikes me, and fear, like the dormant serpent that it is, rises angrily in my belly, locking me in a paralytic seizure. 

"Am I still rich? How much money do I have left?"

"Just... enough for us to be here to take care of you. It's a public hospital, so it's more affordable, so don't worry about that."

"Don't worry? I had millions! I could have stayed at a private hospital, anywhere I wanted! Where did it all go!"

The serpent, provoked, turns hostile. I feel the anger course through my veins, and as I flail about on bed, the ink on my left wrist catches my eye. My name, and her name, criss-crossed in a stylised lightning bolt. 

"Who is this Karen?" I yell, frustration washing over me as I fail even to recall what she looked like. "Is she here? Is she coming? Was she the one who took all my riches away?" 

"Please, we have strict instructions from her. Do you remember anything about her, at all? Your condition, in most cases there's memory damage too, and she's insisted, we can only tell you as much as you can remember on your own, nothing more..."

I search my memory, reaching deep. I feel nothing, not even the glimmer which good memories tend to have, that silvery warmth which lingers long after the event has passed. 

Nothing. 

All that's left is fear, suspicion, a rank distaste. I've had so much taken from me in so little time. 

"I don't remember anything! Happy now? But I swear, once I get out, I'll find out what she did to me. She must have taken it all, taken everything once I got admitted here. These thieving women, you can't trust any of them, not a single one..."

The nurse steps forward then, her lips drawn tightly together. The doctor attempts to hold her back, but then yields,  perhaps having thought better of it. 

"Mr Bensters, I won't allow you to say that of Karen. It's wrong, it is. She would be so hurt to know you thought of her that way, after all she did for you, all that time she sat by your side waiting for you to awaken."

"It was for the money, I bet that was what it was. Just to show she cared for me, so that she could claim it while I'm here!"

The nurse leans in so close I can see the white of her eyes. 

"You're here on *her* money, Mr Bensters. You had none left of your own when you met her. I know because I was there when she first filled in the forms for your admission."

The nurse leaves, storming out. The doctor looks at me, tries to speak once or twice, but the words are difficult to find in situations like this. 

"So what can you tell me about Karen?" I ask, eventually. 

"I can't say. Her estate has made it very clear, we can't say anything about it if you cannot recall. Her last wish was for you to be free, if ever you woke up."

He leans in, places a heavy hand on my shoulder. 

"Make the most of it this time, please."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
