There is a small bunker attached to a research facility. It is a rudimentary thing; and provides the minimum needed for research assistants to survive during their 6 year tenure. Each "unit" comes with a bunk, a dresser, television which plays only shows that could be considered "high fantasy" and a desk. There is also a larger bunker on the other side of the facility housing the Ph.D. researchers, with much more freedom and recognition, including the privelage of leaving the campus. 

Sadly my day begins the smaller of the two, in my uncomfortable bed. After gathering my clothing for the day, I head over to the common area; a simple kitchen with a microwave, fridge and coffee maker attached to the event simpler "living" room, which only contains two couches and a table for the 16 of us. My coworkers are all asleep, save for the one on duty, Saul, as it's still 3AM when I begin to get ready. The early morning shift is mine and lasts until 7AM, when the majority of research assistants crawl out of bed and into their coats. 

The coffee maker is broken. Must've been Saul. He's always too careless, but if I started work at 11:00PM I would be too. Instead, I'll grab an energy drink from the fridge. Before I can take two steps into the kitchen I slip on something small and round, costing the floor - beans. Beans everywhere. That fucker didn't even clean after himself.

Fuck it, I don't have time to clean up after someone else. I grab my energy drink and careful step over the pile of beans to get to the front of the bunker. The metallic building with it's rounded roof flattens out to a simple, aluminum door. It wasn't designed to be pretty or to be durable, just functional and quick to build. This place cuts corners too damn much for the kinds of things we research.

The first barrier to entry for the research facility looks ahead of me. The actual researchers tell me it's nothing to worry about, but a fucking grid of bright red lasers is pretty damn concerning to me. I don't have time to complain to the guy running the door, and rush through. Cancer may get me one day, but my supervisor will get me today if I don't hurry. The second security gate is a bit more standard though just as concerning as I have to strip in front of an 87 year old woman who always makes some comment or another. I think that violates HIPPA or something. I should complain some time.

"Ha-HAA, you brought me some sausage and buns for breakfast" she wheezes out, as I hand her my clothes. I grit my teeth and grunt, face turning red. I push through the metal detector and my belongings are pushed into some unholy belt-fed machine which whirs loudly, threatening to fall apart with every turn of the gear. Thankfully I'm clear and can put on my clothes and quickly get the hell away from that woman. Every morning she harrasses me. Fuck.

Finally the third gate, which is by far the stupidest. I have to draw something for the guy at the gate, something different every morning. I've got a bachelor's in physics with a focus on metaphysics. Not a damn art degree. Well, gotta have something. Some quick black circles on a floor and quick sketch of a broken coffee pot should do. The damn crayon is falling apart though, so some of the black dots have squiggles going off them on either side. I pass it through to the researcher - a fully Ph.D'ed, post doc researcher- who looks at my crayon drawing and decides it's fine for me to go in. I don't even understand this step.

Finally I'm in. I check a whiteboard in the entrance hall, it has my tasks for the day. Feed H3-102, run standard tests on H6-81, tend to H3-3, and finally interact with H3-18. Weird. I've never dealt with H3-18, and I normally only have 3 tasks. That's what everyone else has. Whatever, I need to get started soon. 

The files for each experiment has the procedure for each task. H3-102 is as simple as pressing two buttons in a control room. I don't even have to see the damn thing thankfully. In fact I don't even know what it is.

H6-81 is a bit harder. The folder contains the procedure, of course, but I have to draw a circle on the ground with specific symbols written on it to within some degree of error. A computer analyzes my symbol to let me know it's right, but it's always nerve wracking. Two smaller circles have to be drawn within mine, with one symbol each. We are currently testing how to tap into the same magic that the witch does. It would be amazing for humanity if we could. The best we have gotten so far is the defensive circle we found by tossing two witches in a room together. They quickly set to fighting, but the only thing left in the room was this defensive circle and the witch within when the fight was over. Ah well, I'm really here to test two variations on some circles. And as per usual they do nothing. Maybe if we test them another 1000x one of the researchers will feel confident enough to write "doesn't work" next to them on his sheet and let us move on to the next set.


H3-3 isnt as simple. I'm not allowed to speak directly to him, but a doll (fashioned after myself) contorts and mimes what the elder god controlling it wants me to do. He's been deamed a passive threat, with the whole mind melting insanity thing, but not an active one. He likes to keep up to date on the weather and especially the eclipses, and asks for newspapers all the time. That's the case today as I watch the my facsimile crawl on the ground using one leg, a hand and it's face as "legs" and grabbing a scaled down model of a newspaper with it's remaining leg and hand. It turns it's head to me, grinding it against the rough floor leaving flecks of doll behind. After a tense moment the dolls head begins spinning again, faster and faster until the head is completely ground off, before it collapses to the ground. Fan-fucking-tastic. I replace the model newspaper and grab yesterday's news, which is passed to the elder god through a small system of chutes.

Finally H3-18. The file claims it's a telepathic spider. Wow. That's what I needed. Something scarier than a spider. I'd rather go watch my own head spin into the ground and grind itself to dust, but I guess I need to go talk to the damn thing.

Its cell is leadlined concrete, with a simple glass container holding the spider itself. There's a chair in the cell where I can sit to converse. The folder demands I get a full psych eval after the talk, which ought to take the entirety of the rest of my shift. 

The spider jumps, smacking into the glass and holding with it's legs, making me jump out of my skin. I tense up all over looking at it, every bit of me screaming to run away. "Beans - beans everywhere" a manic cackling sounds in my head. "What?" I think back. It's incoherent. I guess captivity isn't healthy for a telepathic spider either. "Beans!" I hear glass shatter, and instinctively throw myself back to the wall, away from the glass container. But everything seems fine? The glass is holding. "Fuck!" The spider shouts in my head, followed very quickly but the distinctive, familiar sound of a body slamming into metal. Some silence follows as I stare at the spider, but it's broken eventually by the quiet sound of burning, interrupted by screeching alarms. Fuck this. I leave, closing the leaf lined door behind me. As soon as I do, the sounds stop and I begin to untense. Psych eval will have to wait, I need a smoke.