The feel of blood between my fingers was repulsive.  No matter how long this went on, no matter how many lives I *saved*, that never changed.

The man crumpled, his eyes going wide even as every last bit of humanity seeped out of them.  His lips parted, one final exhalation slipping between them.  A final word?  A curse? A goodbye?  There was no way to tell.

The dagger glinted as I pulled it free.  It gleamed, lit from within by its own light.  It had been studied for years, pored over by scientist after scientist.  I'd been one of them, once upon a time.  All that we could tell was that it had some sort of energy translation capabilities.  The papers we released were filled with words like *wormholes* and *parallel universes*.

We hadn't thought anything of it.  It was just an oddity, a mystery from Earth's past that we couldn't explain.

And then the asteroid appeared.

Everyone else had panicked.  The world was doomed, they said, and it was hard to argue with them.  But I'd known.  I couldn't tell anyone how, or why.  I'd *known* that the dagger was the key to saving us.

They'd disagreed.  I didn't give them the chance to argue it.

I'd been stealthy at first.  Subtle.  And then, as the asteroid loomed higher and higher overhead, my methods had slipped.

The sirens rang in my ears.  I was out of time - I was out of places to run.  That was fine.  Tomorrow was the end, anyway, if the astronomers were right.  There was no reason to think they weren't.

I'd done all I could.  I clung to the idea, holding fast to some sort of hope.  They'd be waiting for me on the other side.  I *knew* they would be.  They'd see I saved them.  I wasn't a murderer.  I'd never wanted this.

I was a hero.

The first police car was just skidding around the corner as I turned the blade on myself, plunging the length of steel into my neck before I could lose my nerve.

---

---

---

My eyes snapped open.

I gasped, my whole body shuddering.  What had- What had just-

I didn't know.  I couldn't explain it.  But I was breathing - I was *alive*.  And there was no asteroid in the sky.

The street around me was different.  Busier.  More lively.  I smiled, honest relief sliding onto my face.  The Earth lived.  I'd done it.  I'd-

"It's *you.*"

At the sound of a voice, I flinched, and then turned.  A man stood a few paces back, his eyes wide and terrified.

I smiled, holding a hand up.  "Don't worry.  I'm not-"

His fist slammed into my cheek a moment later.  I hit the ground hard, biting off a strangled cry.

The voices rose around me - confusion.  Fear.  Questions, and cries for the police.

But here and there, I heard it.  "It's *him*."  "He's the one.  I *remember.*"

I tried to push myself upright.  This wasn't right.  I was the hero, dammit.  I'd saved them.

With a knife.  The thought echoed in the back of my mind, chilling me to the bone.  I'd saved them with a *knife*, and they *might* not appreciate that as much as I'd thought.

I tried to cry for help.  I tried to tell them it was all a mistake.

It vanished in a gurgle as a boot planted itself in my stomach.  They closed in around me, blocking out the sun.

"Welcome to the other side," the man said, grinning.  "We've been *waiting* for you."

(/r/inorai, critique always welcome!)