Some of you are asking yourselves, how is this small fleshy thing, from a few star systems over, able to stand here in front of you right now, and ask, what is your next goal, what is your next objective? Why is it, that I dare to ask you these questions, when you are more advanced, and more capable than I and my entire race are? 

I can tell you, it started about 300 years ago, it started, when a man named Kennedy, stood on a field in a place called Texas and said, "We choose to go to the Moon," you see 30 years prior to that, we were glad to be able to fly, you all have shuttles, you see how they go to and fro, that was what we were just getting used to and with aeroplanes, flimsy and weak. Then, some of my ancestors decided they would get out of their planes and ride a massive rocket filled with enough fuel to destroy most skyscrapers into outerspace, and now, beyond. We set sail, as Kennedy put it, on that new sea, that sea was space, before and after that humanity had always sought to best itself, to go beyond itself, and in 1969, we bested ourselves for what was then the first time on soil not our own, we stepped on the Moon. From then on, humanity had the stars in their hearts and the want to travel those stars, in their minds.

I have read your reports, you thought us insane, you thought us incredibly foolish, and you believed we gambled too many lives, let me tell you now, those lives were not gambled, they were lost in our greatest experiment. For you, space flight came easy, and then you abandoned it and turned inward, something to be tried and done away with. For us, it came with a road paved with names you do not know, Grissom, Chaffee, White, Komarov, the crew of *Challenger* and *Columbia,* they volunteered, they did the impossible and they were part of humanity, and humble to the core, even though they themselves were the best of us and bettered us all. 

I can also say this, our arrogance as some of you put it, does not exist, it is a self confidence that is unknown to you, because we prove ourselves, we better ourselves and we have the will to do what was impossible just 50 years ago, let alone 300. We stepped out into this galaxy, with more fire and more determination than our ancestors and I can assure you with less than our descendants will show, we are here to stay and we will meet more people like you, incredibly advanced, but as shocked and amazed we can step off our ships and into your lives and worlds. 

However, if you do not wish to go beyond yourselves, and beyond your planet, into the stars, I will leave, but before I go, think, if the people of Earth can do it, why can you not? Why will you not? Could you answer for it to your descendants in 300 years time if you did not? Let me tell you on the last question, you could not. Space is not simply a thing to admire, fear or avoid, it is to be explored, adventured upon and leaving ones mark upon it is the greatest accomplishment of any people or race. To be able to meet their fellow beings and share the good and the bad with them and in turn grow, both in knowledge and as a race is almost evolutionary in its effect on peoples, including humanity. I can finish by asking that you yourselves seek the stars with us or on your own, but seek them out and end this isolation once and for all.  