“Chuff… chuff… chuff.”

Heavy breathing in the underbrush rustled the leaves of the trees enough for me to notice.

“snick-snak… crack.”

A heavy foot fall broke twigs as the indistinct shape shuffled in the distance.

“This is it!” 

I thought, as I made his my towards the disturbance.

“Finally, after all this time!!”

The anticipation of this final discovery welled up to form a knot in my throat.
Coarse tufts of matted brown fur were now visible through the trees on my approach.
Just a bit further to reach my quarry, I held my breath without realizing, not wanting to alert the beast to my presence before I could ready my snare.

“Snort, snuffle, snort.”

Just on the other side of the tree now… I licked my lips, preparing to finally make my way around the tree to end my original journey of proof. 

Bigfoot was mine!

With all the speed I could muster I raised my catch pole, ready to wrap it around his surely large neck, and whipped around the tree.

“HAHA! GOTCHA!”

… no.

….. no… not again. 

“Squee! Squee! Squee!”

In my snare squirmed a distressed, enormous wild boar on his hind legs trying to reach a fungus part way up the trunk of the tree. After he nearly ripped me off my feet I wrested the loop from his neck and he ran back into the brush.

“No no no no no!” 

After having a meltdown, akin to that of a spoiled four year old you just told couldn’t have a pony after expecting one for their birthday, I breathed deeply and tried to calm myself. A lifetime of searching, albeit not un-fruitful, stretched behind me, still unfinished. Oh, how I wish today could have been the final chapter.

Who would have thought the most plausible of all legendary creatures would be the  most elusive. I mean, think about it, in comparison bigfoot vs a unicorn, which are you going to be more floored exists? Unicorns, obviously. I damn near fainted when I found that shady valley in the bucolic hinterlands of Bavaria teaming with them. The only reason I was there was for the potential that bigfoot was lurking in their vast forests. My already exhaustive search for the simian monster in the PNW had seemed to be only dead ends, and on a hair-brained theory I had traveled to Northern Europe thinking that the legends of Krampus might be related.

Jesus, Europe has a lot of creatures from lore living in its dark corners. BUT NOT BIGFOOT!


*This is my first post, ever. I got really excited about it, then stuck. Any suggestions for how to weave in how I found the other creatures welcome. Also, rip it apart, I can't wait to write some more, and definitely need some guidance*