King Large was, as his name would suggest, a magnanimous being. Carrying a gentle disposition and a helpful hand for whoever might need it, he was loved by his people. They thought of him as their saviour, but today didn't seem to be too much in his favour. 

Today he had spent all day waiting for someone to take his offer up and find his daughter for him. He spent all day listening to an agitated wife and her scowls and growls and sobs. She almost ruined some important paperwork. Thank God for General Frame who came in at the right time with the right news. Well, almost. 

The dragon who kidnapped her lived several miles out of the city in a town called Squaretown and Frame had just been contacted by one of the inhabitants (they're all dragons) of the same town. He claimed to have found and rescued the king's daughter but wouldn't return her to the mighty Large unless the reward was brought to his doorstep. 

This invitation from a dragon to save Large's daughter from another dragon, all in the company of several other dragons seemed a little like a trap to General Frame. But something had to be done. Someone had to go, the princess couldn't be left alone. Frame understood this and in a desperate attempt to save the day and the princess in one sweep of overwhelming overconfidence and valour offered to go over the Squaretown himself. Alone, as the new dragon had asked. King Large was touched by the gestured and asked 10 other men to join Frame on his mission, ordering them to keep Frame safe at all costs. 

After a few hours of wading through the forests and befriending some melodious birds on the way, the Rescue team led by General Frame had finally arrived at what you might call the entrance to Squaretown. It didn't look like much, but they only had one map and they had to trust they were on the right road. They saw two dragons guard the big wooden door. One of them was asleep while the other was roasting marshmallows with his burp. General Frame decided to strike up a conversation. 

"I'm looking for Princess Small, the daughter of King Large. I was asked to enter this town."
"Oh I doubt anyone would let a human survive inside Squaretown. But if you wish to risk your own life for what would most possibly be a futile expedition, be my guest."
"So, I can just walk in?"
"Yeah, go ahead."
"I have a few other peo-"
"Yeah please, you're all welcome."

The team entered Squaretown and the absolutely useless town Guards told them the way to Dragon Durden, our latest kidnapper. Dragon Durden's house seemed to be embellished with a lot of pink flowers and sweet fragrances. The team decided to stay out while Frame entered for the negotiation. 

Durden was welcoming. He offered Frame a tea and some biscuits. Frame asked to see the princess to which he refused, saying he had to see the reward first. Durden hollered for one of his men, one of who came running with a bag full of cash. Durden tried to get to the bag but Frame got to it first. Durden had seen the reward and Frame needed to see his daughter. Durden settled in his seat and was grave in thought for about a minute, after which he got up from his seat. He walked up to Frame and stood next to him while he faced the man with the prize. He burped. The man died. 

"I don't like it when people take advantage of my sincerity and politeness", said Durden. 
"No shit..." said Frame, now with his knees crouched up in between his arms and his face buried in between his knees.
"So, are you going to give me the money or not?"
"I want to see the princess."
"She isn't with me, and only I know where she is."
"You are playing the king of this entire country."
"Are you threatening me?"
"No, God no. I'm only concerned for your health."
"Oh. That's very kind of you. You know what, I'll make you an offer."

And so after losing half the fortune and one soldier, Frame walked towards Mayhem with 7 other soldiers, a large playground where he was to meet the dragon he was actually supposed to meet. Frame also sent two soldiers back to the palace for some backup and more money. 

As Frame reached the playground, he was mesmerized to see ten kid Dragons playing catch with the princess. As the princess was being tossed around, and she seemed to have grown a liking to the game herself considering her hysterical mid-air laughs, Frame got his team to surround him and walk towards mother dragon. 

"Drop the princess down, now!" Yelled the General.
Mother dragon asked the kids to drop the princess down and sent them back home. Princess started walking along with the kids and looked substantially distressed at the General's order to stay. 
"But they're my friends."
"They aren't your friends, they're dragons and they kill people."

Frame pulled her aside and told her to stand next to one of the soldiers, where she stood silently, almost in tears. 

"People kill people." Said mother Dragon. 
"Only when inevitable."
"Where's my money?"
"With my dead soldier's body."
"Oh, you pissed Durden off, didn't you?"
"Wasn't that hard to do, to be honest."
"Well, you aren't going anywhere unless I get my money."
"I have the girl."
"I have an army. And a new condition. I want the king dead by tonight, or the princess stays here. And all of you too, it'll be good to have someone clean up the mess my kids make."
"You killed one of my men."

Suddenly Princess Small pushed the soldier away and ran towards mother Dragon, a most unexpected and we'll, ungrateful gesture towards General Frame. "I don't want to go" she said.

"Amazing" the General thought to himself. "And why is that, young lady?" He asked her. 
"Because I like dragons. And I don't like home."
"But your parents are worried sick."
"I wasn't kidnapped, I ran away."
"Elaborate, please."
"I feel caged, locked up inside that mansion of his. I'm not allowed to do anything. I don't have anyone to talk to. And the dragons are kind to me."
"So you eloped with a dragon?"
"Yes."
"Well, it's time to go back."
"No."
"But your father -"
"He doesn't care, he probably just wants my mother to stop crying."
"Do it for your mother, then."
"Can't you stay? For me?"
"I'm sorry I can't."
"You're going to have to go back empty handed."

General Frame was losing his temper. He had lost a man for this ungrateful kid and now he was going to lose his job because of her too. He walked towards Princess Small but stopped at the threat of Dragon Mother. She hid the princess behind her and asked General to stand back. 

"Please, Uncle Frame. You know how father is."
"He is only concerned."
"Only concerned about power. He needs me back because it is bad for his reputation. He knows I don't like him."
"What about your mother?"
"She'll understand."

Suddenly there were loud horns and the steady thumping of drums heard from the general direction the soldiers had entered from. 

"My soldiers are here. And if they've reached here, I doubt your dragons have been able to stop them until now. They won't succeed. You should give up before more damage is caused."
"And lead this child to her ruins? Never."

"Uncle Frame. Please. You've got to understand. I am safe here, trust me. I've been taken care of. And I feel better now that I have someone to talk to and play catch with and eat meals with and read books with. There's nothing for me back home."

"I am answerable to everyone. To the soldiers on their way and the rest of the country back home."
"Please, Uncle Frame. Please."

Mother dragon had already made sure there were plenty dragons of her own, surrounding the playground of Mayhem. They all walked out one by one. Uncle Frame saw the threat, but was hoping the soldiers arriving would help turn this one-sided massacre into a fair and just war. 

"You're better than this, Frame. Let the poor girl live." Said mother Dragon. 

---*---

The princess had stayed and so did General Frame. He asked his soldiers to fake his death and inform the Queen of these proceedings as they happened. The king could know nothing but that his daughter was killed along with Frame while he was trying to rescue her from a mob of Dragons. And no one but these 7 soldiers could know the truth, a necessity for the safety of Princess Small. 

The soldiers did as they were told. The king didn't care, as was expected. The queen understood, again, as expected. 

The queen sneaks out of her palace every month and makes a journey to Squaretown to see her daughter. Uncle Frame is Princess Small's guardian, the Queen's most trustworthy soldier, and mother Dragon's favourite helper. Did he compromise his loyalties? He didn't care, everyone was better off in the end. 

Princess Small is growing up to be a beautiful woman, a kind and lovable person. She is loved by all the little dragons and the adult ones just the same. She paints and writes poems and cooks delicious lizard tails. Her friends love it and though he wouldn't admit it, Frame has developed a liking for it himself. Frame and Mother Dragon take turns with the dishes and take out the weeds together. Mother gets them ready for school and Frame deals with their playtime. It is a good household which makes the trees greener during the day and the stars brighter during the night. The Queen is always in tears when it is time for her to leave. May God bless her soul. 


