"I'm sorry, sir, we're out of most of the breads already. We only have Italian and Wheat left."

I shrugged. "Eh, no big deal. I'll have a 6-inch B.M.T. on Italian."

*Five billion*. Where the fuck did that thought come from? Of all things to save lives, it's this? And so many? It doesn't feel quite final though.

"Are you okay, sir?" The employee looked concerned, just as I realized how strange my expression must have looked. I regained my composure and reassured the man behind the counter that I was fine and continued my order. "If you're willing to wait about 12 minutes, we'll have a new batch out of the Herbs and Cheese," he added as he held a slice of ham over the plain, boring bread. I decided to stick with the Italian bread and the same number hit me again. The same people, like confirmation that it really was the damn bread holding so many lives somehow.

I've had this curse for years now. Every little thing I do, I know how many lives are spared by my actions. It's not like I hear a voice, thank God. It's more like I just know. Doesn't mean it isn't annoying at times though. One time I didn't cover my face when I sneezed and knew somehow I saved 6 lives -- maybe I gave some serial killer the flu or something. Call me crazy, but I've never doubted this feeling. Over time, I've begun to have an "incomplete" sensation like this one for some sort of prerequisite actions before the real deal, which happened the most when more lives were at stake. The numbers for those were always fuzzy until the moment of truth, but they were always in the right ballpark.

The best way I can describe the feeling is to explain the first time it happened. I had stopped my car just in the nick of time to avoid hitting a child who ran into the road. *Holy crap,* I thought at the time, *I just almost killed a kid.* That was right before I was rear-ended by some jackass texting. That's when I knew that I didn't just almost kill someone. If I hadn't been on the road to see that kid and stop, the car behind me wouldn't have stopped in time. I knew I had saved a life. The only problem was from that moment on, I got that feeling for every little thing, whether I saw the results first-hand or not.

"Would you like your sandwich toasted?" I declined, and *five billion* echoed in the back of my mind again. How in the world does my damned sandwich choices carry so much weight? 

I paid for my sandwich and grabbed the bag. Another echo, the same five million people yet again. The adrenaline rush of saving people was starting to kick in, making me really excited to eat my sandwich and see how this magical life-saving meal would play out, but I was already running behind schedule and didn't have much time to get to work. Plus, I was planning to save my sub for lunch. I hoped that it didn't matter where I ate my sandwich, and as luck would have it the sensation came again as I got in my car, and persisted as I drove.

Finally I pulled into the parking lot at the CDC building I would be guarding tonight. I found a parking space quickly, and got out of the car. But then the five billion people started calling out from the back of my mind with each step towards the door. I could almost count them individually now. It was a little more than five billion. Maybe 5.1 billion.

Then I heard an alarm start blaring. I dropped everything, including my lunch, and began running towards the door as fast as I could. *5,121,743,201, almost there...*