Thousands of people settled into the auditorium seats, whispering indistinct murmurs that faded into a tense silence. After many primaries, rallies and scandals, the highly anticipated debates for the election of God finally commenced. One by one, each of the candidates walked through the stage and stood behind their podium. First was The Creator, first elected God of the universe. A controversial figure whom many credit, and more blame, for getting us stuck in this whole thing called existence. His platform is based in one single proposition that has remained unchanged for centuries: 

"Let's just scrap the whole thing and make another Big Bang."

Since a majority of voters describe this universe as *"alright"*, this fixed position has always been the one roadblock to his success. Still, he remains a popular candidate due to the fact that, as humanity keeps progressing, the temptation to start over only grows more alluring for a certain demographic. 

After The Creator placed himself behind his podium, Yahweh, ancient God of Abraham's church, entered the stage. His stroll was confident and authoritative, fluttering his long, gray beard whenever he stared at anything, judging his environment. Though he unabashedly discriminated against homosexuals, women, and pretty much anyone who wasn't a Jew, he was still a popular figure in the running due to his *"hands-on"* approach to godhood. Insurance companies have lobbied against this candidate for a great deal of elections now, but a big portion of humans feel that they need a constantly looming threat to remind them that *"Sinning is Bad"*, Yahweh's new campaign slogan. 

The Father then walked through the stage, raising his index and middle fingers to the crowd in a gesture of peace. His big smile and floaty demeanor swayed many voters in centuries past, but recent accusations of accepting bribes from insurance companies and protecting sex offenders worldwide have damaged his reputation. Further more, his mantra of "love each other like you love yourselves" was considered revolutionary during its heyday, until people realized that a big majority of humans secretly hate themselves, causing even more hate to be propagated throughout the world. 

Lastly came this election's incumbent, Reality. This candidate was extremely popular during his first election due to his moderate position on many issues, specially with the atheists, who could just ignore his existence. While considered the favorite to win, his lead in the polls has shrunk every month during this election cycle. Apparently, humans want more from a God. His constant need to please everyone has lead him to alienate those who expect solid stance in at least one issue. Now that all the runners were present for the debate, a suit-wearing moderator stepped into the center and said:

"Hello and welcome to the much awaited event of this election, the Godhood Debates! Live from the upper dimension known by many as heaven, this discussion will be hosted by me, Siddhartha Gautama! I'd like to thank all the candidates for being here and I wish you all good luck with the election. With the introductions out of the way, let's get started with the debate!" He got out a cue card from his jacket. "Now, this one's for all of you: 'If elected God, what would be your first action in office?'"

The Creator shrugged and said:

"I think it's pretty obvious. I'll destroy this universe and start a new one." He looked around, noticing a silence in the crowd, and smiled. "Maybe with dragons this time!"

The audience cheered and applauded loudly, until Yahweh cleared his throat and said:

"You see people, *this* is why you need me. Dragons? If dragons existed, you'd all have to fear for your lives constantly. Your technology wouldn't have progressed as far! Have any of you *seen* Game of Thrones?" He shook his head. "No, you don't want that. It's horrible there! You don't even know what you want! The first thing I'll do once I get my position back is clean up all the filth of the world! Fire will rain down upon all of your pagan cities unlike any event before. Sodom and Gomorrah will look like a pleasant afternoon compared to what I have in store for New York."

The audience cheered even louder than before, filling the room with chants of *"Sinning is Bad"* for a whole minute. The Father then said:

"I can't believe it's gotten this far. My children, do you honestly believe cataclysms and misery to be the right course of action? All this destruction and pain will only make things worse for everyone."

"Children?" said The Creator. "I don't recall you ever creating them!"

"Well," said The Father, "I didn't create them, but I sure as hell raised them! You're like the absentee parent that wants to come back into his children's life after they grew up without you!"

Yahweh grinned and said:

"And *you're* like the overcompensating stepfather who desperately want his stepchildren's approval! You've always lacked character, son, and that's why your term deteriorated so badly."

"Son?" said Reality. "Candidate Yahweh, could you please elaborate on that?"

"No, no!" quickly said The Father. "He's speaking nonsense!"

"It's about time the world knew, son." Yahweh walked up to The Father and tore off his opponent's latex mask. "He isn't The Father, he's my own son, Jesus Christ! Back when I sent him down to Earth, he just went off on his own instead following my orders! Funny how his own church praises 'Jesus' more than 'The Father', huh? It was all a scam to blow the heat off of him!"

Jesus hung his head and covered his face, running away from the stage in shame. Siddhartha Gautama then said:

"What a shocking turn of events everyone! Still, while Jesus dries his tears and returns to his podium, we have to continue the debate. Reality, would you please answer the question?"

"Of course," said Reality, "I will do absolutely nothing. Everything will keep running the same as it did before, and I have no plans to change my policy anytime soon. Extraordinary things will occur from time to time, but they will never be norm, or disappear."

"Thank you, Reality." Siddhartha Gautama turned towards a camera. "We have to take a break now, but don't change the channel! The debate will continue after these sponsored messages!"

-------------------------------------------
> If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!
