As I sit upon this dark cliff top reaching out over this swarming sea of souls I come to the realization that a week has passed since I have seen it. The familiar soul that keeps coming back to my kingdom without fail.

The first time I had seen them I had treated them as any other soul that I had escorted on to the afterlife. I remember that they had shied away from my skeletal hand, and instead had chosen to follow me from a few feet away. I was used to this treatment, after all who would want to hold the Grim Reaper's hand? I had shown it to large oaken door and turned the golden knob for them. And just like any other, they had hesitantly stepped through, beginning their journey to the afterlife.

Seven days later, I turned around from guiding a human soul into the door when there in front of me stood that same soul from before. It's blue glow the exact same as the one I had lead into the afterlife last week! This time around, I had been the nervous one in this situation. The soul followed me once again to the doorway to the afterlife. I then politely turned the doorknob for them and I had been left alone once again.

After a few more times of seeing them again, we had grown used to each other. Perhaps even close enough to become friends. They would appear back inside my realm every week without fail. Soon I began to spend more time with them before bringing them to the door. We usually just talk together. They speak a foreign language that I don't understand, however I think I'm starting to get the hang of it! Before letting the soul pass on, I started the habit of patting them on the head then opening the door for them because they cannot reach it. I believe that they really do like receiving a pat on the head because they make a sweet little noise whenever I do it.

Oh! I had been so lost in my thoughts that I had forgotten that my little friend could be here any moment! Quickly, I stood up and began to make my way towards the spot that the soul usually appeared in. And not a moment too soon, there it was.

A small orange tabby cat sat on the ground licking it's paw, it's blue soul flickering in it's chest. Once it saw me it meowed happily and began to purr loudly. I gently picked him up and gave him a pat on the head.

"Ah, hello my little friend," I greeted back before gently placing him on the ground. As we began to walk back to my favorite cliff, I noticed that his soul had been duller and smaller than usual, almost like a candle's flame instead of it's usual golf ball. The cat had been here nine times, so perhaps it was his time to finally be put to rest.

Even though I didn't want to lose my first and only friend, it was my job to maintain the balance in the world and I couldn't sacrifice it for him. "It appears that this will be out final meeting together and I don't even know your name," the cat meows again and curls up on my lap. It rolls around to reveal the tag on it's blue collar. "Muffin. Your name is Muffin isn't it?" it rolls around again and continues to purr. I look up into the starry sky, "It gets quite lonely here, however you have made my being here less of a bore," I gently scratch it's ears and relax.

Soon, I had carried Muffin to the oaken doors for the last time. I sat him down and slowly turned the knob. Before opening the door leading to her afterlife, I bent down and gave him a pat on her head, which caused her to meow.

"Good cat," I whispered to him before standing up and fully opening the door to let him through.