The sun had just risen above the trees casting light among the huts and tents.  The tribe was just beginning to wake up when I first heard a scream.  I left my hut with my obsidian dagger in my hand.  I was the protector, the watcher, the ever present.  My tribe needed me.  As my eyes adjusted to the light and I saw her standing there a child in her arms, she was staring directly at me. She had long straight blond hair that seemed to flow in a wind that wasn't there.  Her eyes were a majestic green that seemed to pierce through you with untold knowledge. She wore a simple robe.  My tribe yelled at me that they could see her but if they tried to focus it seemed like the world shifted. As our eyes met she released the child who ran back to her parent crying.  I began to walk towards her speaking my native language trying to reassure my tribe. She never moved. I got within arms reach of her and tried to speak with her with no response.  She merely smiled slowly brought her hands up showing no weapons.  She gently placed a hand on my shoulder and seemed to melt.  Before she did she whispered to me "You are the first to see me for me."  The tribe broke into hysterics.  The witch doctor was called and he tried everything to cleanse me of this demons touch to no avail.  The outline of her hand burned into my skin and scarred almost instantly.  I was a marked man.  My tribe wanted nothing else to do with me.  I was exiled out into the jungles to die.

I remember that first meeting well.  I both love and hate this woman.  I hate her because she ripped me from my family, my friends, my life, from time.  I was marked as hers, a plaything for when she came back, a comfort, a companion. In some senses I was her lover, in others I was no better than a dog, cat, or other pet.  For all the reasons that I hate her, are also the reasons that I love her.  I have been given an ability to survive.  When we first met all those millennia ago, that mark prevented me from aging, I was nearing the end of my life.  I was a grandfather at the age of twenty two.  I look at those around me now, who are my age before I was transformed and they are barely adults, many still children.  Over the years she would return and want to just lay out in a sunny field of flowers and stare out into nothing.  She would often curl into my side and begin to cry.  I tried to ask her once why she was crying.  She never did tell me.  All that I knew was she was able to see the threads of time and move among them.

This last time when she visited was right after the revolutionary war.  The United States was in it's infancy, I had helped draft the declaration of independence.  That was almost a quarter of a millennia ago, but seemed like just yesterday compared to what I can remember.  I've lived as an Egyptologist, deciphering the hieroglyphics of the ancient Egyptians.  I made it seem harder than it was for me.  I remember carving some of the stones that I now had to translate.  I studied the Roman Empire and was amazed at the ability they had to control such lands from afar.  I was consults to kings and queens, many paying me large sums for my advice.  Nothing ever compared though to my simple life I once had.  I think about my wife and children still to this day.  I wonder what they would think of this world and what's become of it.   The last time we parted it seemed different though, her eyes had changed.  The once brilliant green that I remembered was gone, her eyes looked heavy.  I knew she couldn't continue to bear the weight of what she was doing much longer without some help.  I've spent the last century searching and scouring the earth.  The new methods of travel making it much easier.  The invention of the aeroplane made traversing the globe a matter of hours instead of years.  I never really knew what I was searching for, just that I needed to find it.  I landed to Japan and went to visit the sites of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to pay my respects.  That is one project I wish I had never worked on.  As I walked to the memorial I noticed her.  She hadn't seen me yet.  I walked up and placed my hand on her shoulder much as she had first done to me.  I felt the heat in my hand as I touched her.  I knew if I removed my hand, i'd see the same scar that I bore.  She looked me in the eyes only this time they were the eyes that I first remembered eons ago.

"The Prophecy is self\-filling.  I've been waiting for you.  You've freed me from the bounds of time, and I will do the same for you."

I was dumbfounded, never had she spoken to me this way.  We held hands and faced each other.  For the first time since the day we met I had seen her smile, as we embraced and i felt her face nestle into my chest, the world seemed to melt away.  I had found her, and she had found me.