"Hero" is what they called him. He was the first to return back to our town with the age defying milk. Every Year ambitious men and women left for the place we just called "the Mountain." The Mountain was ever present in our lives. In winter, the shadow it cast left us with little to no sunlight. Our youth desired little else than to make it to the windy peeks where the Kuhlay were said to live. 

I was 5 when my father left. My Mother begged and cried for him to stay. At the time I didn't understand her feelings. "Why is she upset?" I would say to my Dad. "You'll only be gone for a couple of days."  My father ruffed up my hair and said "That's right, once I milk the great mountain goat Kuhlay and bring us her milk, you and I will be gods." His voice vibrated seemingly through the earth and my body. In my eyes, he's already a god. 

The day he left, our whole town came to the canyon that lead to the mountain. It was noon and twilight had already begun. My father and only 2 others would make the journey. My mother with tears in her eyes kissed him and whispered something into his ear. He looked at her gravely. Then turned his attention to me. Got down on one knee and said, "Don't come after me." I frowned. "You must look after your mother until I come back" I said I would. 

After only a week people were saying he had died. After a year I still thought he'd make it back. When I became of age at 16, my best friend wanted the two of us to make the journey to the top of the mountain. Some part of me wanted to go. Only to look for my dad. The milk of the great mountain goat Kuhlay had no pull on me. That promise I made all those years ago kept me home. Even after my mother past away, I couldn't leave. 

Over the years the mountain's shadow grew larger. Darkness seemed to batter our town each day. I never married, never had kids. I sat in my families house until i was wrinkled and grey. I was warming my bones next to the fire when i heard the door creak open. "Go away!" I barked. I finally go to the effort to stand and see.. him. "Father!?" There in front of me stood my father, clean shaven, not looking a day older from when he left. He held a small bottle of white liquid. 

"I'm sorry it took me so long son, time spent with the gods really flies." my father said with a slight chuckle. "Look what I've brought!" holding up the bottle of milk. "One drink of this will give eternal live. I've brought it to you my son. Where are your children? I want all my decedents to be gods!" He bellowed. "I have none" I replied. "What have you done with your life son?" He said. "I was waiting for you." I said. "You should have been living your life son. Your mother said to me on the day I left to never come back and to tell you to stay here. I waited for her to pass so I may return and have you and your offspring drink the milk of the great mountain goat Kuhlay." My eyes return to the fire that made the room livable. My father gave off his own heat I could feel from where i stood. "I'm too old" I muttered. "You are old but you still can live forever with me as a god!" he said. "No father. You should leave." "But son.." "Leave!" I roared. His grin dropped off his face. Gave me a look of sorrow and turned for the the door. I felt his heat leave the house he built with my mother before I was born for the last time. There in that house I would stay. Underneath the shadow of the mountain I would die. All for a late bottle of milk.  