We had received three messages since the national isolation program began. The first was only a year into our ordeal and was innocuous enough. Germany wanted to restart the cotton trade since their climate couldn't handle growing their own and their factories were sitting idle. Our leaders conferred and decided that couldn't hurt so long as all other nations were made aware and also allowed access. 

They held a meeting to hammer out the details and we learned that South Korea had made a fantastically small implantable device that allowed hands-free access to the Internet. Our leaders procured some shipments of those, labeled "Special American Version" that were limited to our own fragment of the Internet. 

Mine itched. Today was the day when the walls came down and the whole Internet could come together again and it had already started an update. The world would be a brand new place after fifty years in isolation. We offered to help rebuild Africa after the war as a form of reparations, but they insisted we stay out of it. 

The second message was about fifteen years in and much more somber. A global messenger was sent to inform world leaders that the People's Honorable Democratic Republic of the Congo was struggling in their isolation and attacked Kenya to take their oil reserves. We were glad that the isolation protocols were so strictly upheld and no other nation intervened, or it would have been disastrous. As it was, Kenya was glassed. We were also glad that we expanded our military and some of our own offshore production to stay neutral on the oil trade, or that could have been us. 

As an aside in that missive, it was noted that Israel no longer existed without American support as the Middle East solved their Jewish problem. Palestine was quickly established. There was a bit of an uproar at the time and talk of breaking Iso, but it was quickly forgotten. 

The third message was really the result of a Freedom of Information Act request. It turned out that there were some "tourists" who kept trying to get into the American Iso, but were usually caught fairly quick. They would pass news of things happening in overcrowded China and India and the Great European Migration, but those things were written off as fantasy. How could they leave their Iso? Tales of their wars were equally far-fetched. 

Now the Iso was going to break down and a brave new world established. Most people gathered on the Manhattan coast to watch a ceremonial first barge come in. They all had little American flags to trade with the people on the boat. Obviously, the other people would have no way of knowing they were supposed to bring flags of their own. They were being sold merely as a money-making opportunity. Of course, I bought one too. 

The ship came in under a Danish flag, but it carried people from all over the world. They pulled into harbor and dropped anchor. The captain approached the end of the gangplank and said, "So... some things occurred while you were away."