All my life I’ve been surrounded by people with similar markings on their hands. My parents, grandparents, cousins, even all of the family friends that come to visit. I thought it was normal. The only thing I didn’t understand was why my marking said zero, but everyone else’s were in the hundreds. I’ve asked my parents time and time again “What’s wrong with me?” They always give me such a sad look and say “Nothing’s wrong dear, it’s supposed to be this way”. Well today, I found out that they were wrong. 

I was driving home from a party, and I’ll admit I was a bit tipsy. But it was nothing that I couldn’t manage! I was almost home too, just a couple blocks away. That’s when he ran out. I swear, he just jumped right in front of my car! I had no time to stop!  He had come from an area that wasn’t lit up by the streetlights. I thought I was done for on so many different levels. Underage drinking, drinking and driving, killing someone! But before I had time to process it completely, my father stepped out from the shadows. I saw something gleaming in his right hand, and noticed that he was holding a gun. He looked down at the man that I had hit, then looked up to see who had done it. That was when he really saw me. I saw a flash of fear in his eyes, but he quickly composed himself. Together we called the cops and let them know of the accident. 

It all went down so differently than I had imagined, once the police arrived. I was sure that I would be arrested. But the man was carted into an ambulance and driven away, and the police offers just looked at my father. He had tucked his gun away into his coat, but it seemed so obvious that it was there. Nothing was said, and the officers eventually just nodded at my father, got back into their squad car, and drove off. 

I wiped the tears that had formed from my eyes, and that’s when I noticed. The marking on my hand had changed, for the first time in 19 years. I slowly looked up at my father, and he softly cursed under his breath. 

“I think it’s time we talk” he said. 

He took me home and sat me down. The whole family was there for some reason. We sat and talked for hours. So many expressions passed over my face, I couldn’t possibly count them all. But the one that was left at the end was a mix of shock and disappointment. Not at my family, but at myself. How could I be so oblivious? It all seemed so obvious now that I really thought about it. Today, I learned one of the worst kept secrets in my family. 

I am the mafia boss’s daughter. 