"Wow buddy, maybe you should stop it with the whole working out thing. This is your second injury this year.", Jamie, my favorite doctor in my prison, gave me once again one of his tips. He's a nice guy. He told me that being a barber at prison is the best job a convict can have. And he explained me how to smoke in my cell without anyone noticing. And he always tells me what's good in the canteen. 

"I mean, you're already a bit older. You might look damn good, but I would go easy at this age, pal.", "Jamie, I am as fit as on my first day here. I was only careless.", "Yeah, maybe. But whatever, seems like you're pretty alright, a 'lil bandage for your arm will be enough." He started telling me a few things about the healing process, the pain killers, when I should visit him and such stuff. After about 5 minutes of explaining things, I was allowed to go back to my cell. This is also what I liked about Jamie. He was fast. 

I was already tired, lots of work and working out. So I decided to go straight to bed. But it wasn't a long night.

"Hey, uhm, fella...", "Ja... Jamie? What are you doing here? The sun didn't even rise and your shift should be long over by now...", "I was calling the guy who should take this shift and told him that he can stay home." Jamie stopped there and I looked perplexed at him. "Mate, I can't just go home. I... was looking in your files and I... figured out that we don't have that much 'bout ya. I've got your citizenship and I've seen that you're here since 1992. But that's all." My heart was racing. What I am gonna say to him could change the whole world. 

"We've got no birth certificate, so I did some research. I read about the guy you had to do and what you've done with him after you finished your business with him. And... well buddy... as it seems, there were quite a few people getting their brains removed, nose cut off and knees getting smashed. And that dates back to, uhm, to the 20s. I mean, I know I might seem crazy, but did you imitate someone or so?" 

There I was. He read about the people who knew about the deal. And here I was. Not giving an answer after a felt hour. 

"Jamie. Look. I...", "And quite awkwardly, it where all monks, nuns, priests and esoterics of all kind." 

I couldn't kill this guy. I liked him and a prison is far too secure for such an activity. The police guys were gonna find it out afterwards anyway. And not to forget... there was now way to sacrifice him. Not with the things in my cell atleast... 

"Jamie, I do no longer wish to talk about this.", I could've told him about mental problems and such. But he knew me. He knows how stable I am. "I have my secrets and I can't talk with you about them. I wish I could. But it would... change a few things about me and you.", "... Fine. If it's too hard for you... that's alright. I am just curious. But atleast we can watch the sun rising now."

I was watching it with him. I've watched the morning star. Killing Jamie is impossible. He's talking a lot about many things with many people. They will figure it out. Things will change.