I was resting in my house on a warm Saturday evening when the EAS broadcast began. 

*BRRRP. BRRRP. BRRRP. Baaaaa*

"The United States Army has released an official statement. This applies to the entire country. Please, do not turn off your televisions."

I leaned forward in concern, for this was certainly no automated weather service alert.

"Due to an unexpected and unforseeable set of circumstances, all United States citizens must adhere to the following instructions."

I quickly put my memory cap on and attempted to both write down fast-paced versions of what the alert stated.

"Gather a set of supplies in a non-windowed room. Collect any and all firearms you may have in your homes, and place them with the supplies. Barricade all entries to your house. Do not exit the safety of your homes after sundown. Remain inside your homes at all costs between 6:00 P.M. local time and 8:00 A.M. local time. Do not create any noise or light between these times. Restrict or even limit contact between other civilians. Do not enter tunnels during the daytime. These rules shall be adhered to by any and all U.S. citizens. In addition, you must carry a passport or other form of ferderal identification with you at all times. There will be an all-clear message given out via radio and satellite television. Until this time, military aid is unavailable. Godspeed, and good luck."

I went over the list in my head: no noise between 6PM - 8AM, no tunnels, gather weapons and food - this sounded like war preparations. I did as I was told, and sure enough, a squad car of the local PD came by to check how I was doing. They'd done so for the other hundred or so neighbors in my complex, and I was one of the last few stops. I showed them my quarters, and they seemed satisfied. They mentioned something about items for bargaining, but I didn't pay much attention. I quickly called my mother and checked with her - yes, she knew what it meant. Yes, I would come by and check with her tomorrow, first-thing. Yes, I would get the chicken casserole out of the fridge. The usual. 

The only other resident in my home was my husky/malamute dog, Pine. I was a little scared about him barking, but I didn't think it would be that big an issue.

Later that night, it started. I don't know when, seeing as how we had to turn all lights off, and I have no analog clocks in my house.  There was first a loud banging sound, then scratching. Possibly clicking sounds. It lasted what I'm guessing was two or three minutes before I head the distinct sound of shotguns being fired. Maybe some assualt rifles, too. The scratching then stopped, and so did the bullet fire. I huddled with Pine, and calmed him down.

Somehow I fell asleep. A knock awoke me. I frantically rushed to the door.

"Sir, do you mind stepping outside a moment? Bring your residents with you."

"Sure."

I brought out Pine, and then-

*POOF*

Bootsteps raced through my ears - it was a raid of some sort. A couple minutes later they gave me an all clear.

That was a few nights ago. I have no idea what's going on. Everything is going to hell - the town store is out of everything, the post office is closed, and there's some sort of fence around the mountain range near me. Can someone explain what's going on?