I never meant for this to happen, for any of it to happen, but here we are.

It started off simply enough. I could control my dreams. All the cool bells and whistles you could imagine. Every darkest desire and fucked up sexual fetish - I did it.

But those were me. They were a reflection. A dark one to be sure, but I don't exactly have to explain to grandma why I'm fucking my cousin who's wearing pig ears and my highschool JROTC teacher is filming it. Thank God.

Then I slipped. That's what I started calling it. I felt something new, something different. Everything was the same but I wasn't the main focus anymore. It wasn't a reflection anymore.

I could paint. I don't know if any of you have tried to be an artist before, but there's this crystallizing moment when you finally manage to convey your thoughts and meaning to someone else. Whether it's pictures or sounds or words it means someone is hearing you and that someone knows.

I want them to be happy though. And life and truth are not happy. It's an artists job to paint the truth, but I didn't. I should have but I didn't.

It seemed easy enough. Evan missed a shot at practice. How good would it feel if he made it? So I painted that. Mary Lou got an F on her report card, but it feels great if she had studied rather than talking to Cindy and so I let her feel it. Bob wanted to be an actor so I showed him Broadway. Vince wanted a life of luxury so now he's on a yacht. So many people have so many wishes and what's the harm in letting them feel it? So I painted. I painted a lot.

Turns out dreams are like a drug. If you never try it, you'll never know. If you get too much at once, you'll feel sick, you won't believe it. You'll never dream again. If you have a dealer giving you free samples and stringing you along? You'll get hooked.

I never wanted anyone to get hooked. I never wanted Evan to jump in front of a bus. I never wanted Mary Lou to taste cyanide. I never wanted Bob to hug the rope with his neck and I damn well sure never wanted Vince to take his family with him to paradise with the taste of lead on the breath.

It's sick. It's disgusting. Nightmares are nothing compared to dreams. So enjoy them if they last because I'll probably erase yours now too.