Most people start collecting in elementary school. It starts small, like it always does. You know, little things, here and there. Lend a guy in class a pencil? five seconds. Hold the door for someone, that’d be, like, ten seconds. It couldn’t be that passive aggressive hold-the-door-for-a-guy-fifteen-feet-away kind of shit. Where he has to run awkwardly just so you can feel like a good dude? Somehow, it could tell. It could tell if you were being good to be good, or, if you were being good for some ulterior motive. The system worked.

Nah, I’m fucking with you. The system was everywhere, right? In phones, security cams, computers. It was never in your fucking head though. It couldn’t really know what was going on. You’d help a little old lady across the street, log it, and at the end of the week after the system did its “fail-safe” validity check, you’d get yours along with all the other time you earned.

The morality system was put in place, like, three decades before I was even born.The idea was to create an economy that rewarded good deeds and, I guess discouraged being an asshole? In theory, everyone would be perfect little angels. They’d go out of their way to recycle or volunteer or teach inner-city kids how to dance, shit like that, and they’d get time put into a bank.  

So what could a regular Joe Schmoe use all his time on? The guy who always changes the water filter at work? The saint who tutors his neighbor’s kid two nights a week instead of blowing rails off a hooker’s tits before choking her out for looking at him? Well, not much, honestly. Everyday good deeds were worth a pittance of time. At the end of the month most people had enough for, like, a free drone shipment from Amazon. Families would declare their time on their taxes and get a fraction off Mag-Lev tickets. New York to LA in 45 minutes. Take your wife and kids to Disney for the weekend and still make it back in time to clock in 9am Monday. Dad of the fucking year over here. Whatever. 

It was government funded, so most of the perks were dull as shit. By the time I was born the gimmick had worn off. Private companies hardly did sponsored rewards anymore. Most people didn’t log their deeds, no one cared. The system was promoted heavily in schools to get kids on the right track, they would use their time once senior year to get their college apps moved to the tops of lists and then never think about it again. I heard you could use it to get, like, a kidney or something sooner if you needed a donor. You could get a passport rush delivered and have the fee waived. Exciting stuff.

Fuck all that though, who cares? Who cares? Here’s the real shit, the obscure loophole shit nobody talks about anymore. You can use, get ready for this, okay? You can use your goodie- goodie boy scout time against any prison sentence made against you. Yeah. You can be arrested for a crime, stand before a judge in a court of law, and tell him, hey, I’m not going to jail, you know why? Because I’m such a great guy. 

Isn’t that interesting? I thought that was really interesting when I heard it. I learned that a while ago from my friend whose uncle had beat some drug charges. They had him dead to rights on this thing, but since he had stopped a mugging earlier that year, he fucking walked. 
Yeah, I don’t know, I just always thought that was interesting. More so now, since the accident I mean. When I pushed this kid on my block, this real dumbass kid, he’s always playing in the street with that stupid ball, well, I pushed him out of the way of this car, and he was okay, but I wasn’t.

It was slow motion. Like real Matrix shit, if you know what that means. I went over the windshield and my eyes locked with this guy behind the wheel. I landed behind the car practically in fucking pieces and he just drove off. Boom. He fucking drove off. So I’ve been in the hospital a while, and I’m doing okay, but I have dreams about this guy, this fucking driver. I see his face, and I don’t know. I don’t know.  

The kid though, he was alright. His mom was a mess, that’s what they told me. They told me how she logged the accident on my behalf. How I saved him, I mean. It explains it though, how I woke up the other day with 25 years of time in my shit.

Yeah, so anyway I’ve been in here a while and I’m getting better and, I don’t know. I’ve just been thinking about this kid, and my friend’s uncle, and this guy who drove the car. I can’t stop thinking about that guy and his stupid fucking face. I don’t know what I’m going to do when I get out, but I’ve got time now. The kid drew me a card, you know. I have it on the nightstand there. He drew me saving him. He called me a hero, if you can believe that shit. Yeah, who knew I was such a great guy?
