I see their faces over and over again, like a drum beating my fragile skull against the cold cement. I can’t tell if I’m asleep or awake. Thoughts, memories, visualizations; I have no idea how long I’ve been here.  Am I entombed or am I walking through the snow the day after Thanksgiving getting ready to cut a tree? I can’t tell.

“Look! It’s an OX!”, I say in amusement.

My daughter’s big, brown eyes smile up at the beast tucked away by a fence too enclosed to allow him to rest.

“Do you want to pet him?”

I pick her up to touch his velvety, brown head. Her pigtails swaying to the wind and the crumpling of her winter coat creasing along my hands. I whisper to her as I place her down on the ground, "He's food. That's where burgers come from."

She smiles, "Yummy in my tummy." and rubs her belly in a circular motion. I know it's grotesque, but it's important to me that she knows that food comes from animals that walk and breath on the Earth like us--not from a plastic container in the grocery store.

“Mommy? Mommy? Do you want some hot cocoa?”

It’s my husband. He's wearing his padded, black and navy blue parka with his knit matching beanie. His beautiful, straight onyx-like hair tucked under his beanie peeks out from the sides of his cheerful face. It reminds me of Tori Amos', Winter.  The song begins to sing to me as I smell his natural, sweet-rice scent mix with the crisp, cool air of winter. He walks up to me with a warm cup of hot chocolate and stands beside me. I admire his pale, sandy skin from my peripheral and see him in her. I imagine myself tracing his almond-shaped eyes with my fingertips, before I say, “Sure. Get Athena one too.”

Rumble. Rumble.

Startled by the shaking, I awake to my death pit. Unable to move, unable to breathe,  all I can do is stare into the back of my eyelids and feel the cold concrete. Cracks of light start to seep through and I remember I’m stuck in a cement coffin.

My skin and eyes burn. It’s excruciating, painful. The warm light begins to flood over my naked body. I haven’t felt heat in what seems to be a thousand years. Goosebumps shoot up and down my arms as the warmth moves through me. An electrical tingle shoots up my spine in pleasure as my eyes seer with pain. I shut them immediately. These sensations not felt in so long they were long forgotten until now.

 To hear....to hear something other than my thoughts causes my ears to vibrate at the melodic ups and downs of the familiar voice calling to me. At first, it’s a faint murmur that gets louder and clearer. My eyes swell up with tears caught between the folds of my eyelids. It’s his voice. His soft, curious voice filled with love and concern.

“Mommy?”

Dirt shoots out of my nose as my lungs try to cling to air. I'm in too much pain, too weak, too broken to move. He pulls me out of the tomb and against his shoulder with tears streaming down his face. He whispers in my ear, "I understand and I forgive you."

I try to mutter, "What do I need to be forgiven for?", but my pale, icy mouth cracked from the centuries of neglect is still filled with dirt and fails me.

I think of my little girl. My sweet angel. I sense that he can tell I'm thinking of her. My eyes flutter, trying to adjust to the light.

In a sudden push, my body violently awakens. The living essence of crimson blood is nearby. He's holding me down and I feverishly scream in lust. Reaching out and trying to grasp for what I cannot see, but sense, he forces me back into the tomb. My body crashes into the cement, breaking it to pieces. He pins me down with his left hand. He's never had this strength before. Nor, has he ever held me so forcefully. I'm dumbfounded. What's happening? Why do I feel this way?

"What are you doing? Let me go, J! Let me go!", my gurgling screams choke on the dust and stale air.

My face uncontrollably writhes, twists and contorts. Soft, powdered blood spurts through my pores. My canines begin to elongate splitting my gums. Over the opening to my coffin, a boy no more than six peeks in. 'He's about her age', I think to myself as I get a glimpse of him.

My thoughts shift as I thrash against the floor.  I imagine sucking on his tiny, fat fingers.  I think to myself, ‘If I break them off one by one, I know I will savour every blood-stained tendon and sinew like pieces of BBQ chicken’. I envision myself ripping his chubby arm off and devouring the blood from its socket all the while bathing in the ecstasy of his dwindling life.

"Get out of here!", Judah shouts.

Suddenly, a cold metal collar snaps around my neck. I hear the clink before...

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 2
I miss her. I dream of her cat-like cry engorging my breast at 3 months old. I long to nourish her cries away. Kissing her forehead and rubbing her silken hair, I pull her close to me as I unsnap my black, polka-dot bra. Her open mouth latches on and my milk flows out of me. The lines of pressure, first starting from the base of my breast move towards the centre of my nipple while she latches. It's such a smooth, erotic release. She then unlatches and cries. I grab my breast and squeeze while latching her on again. She pulls and tugs my nipple to the left, angrily.

"OUCH!" 

'She's lucky she's cute and great...', My thoughts trail off as I roll my eyes thinking in annoyance. It looks like she is having strawberry milk for her late night snack, again.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I wake up.

It's a ship unlike any I've ever seen in a movie. Jesus Christ. I look out the window before I notice the tube down my nose and throat.There are thousands of stars within the jet-black curtain that is space. I can't breathe, but my belly is full and my arms now have their suppleness--the yellow-green undertones of my olive skin are back.

"Fuck!" I pull out the tubes.

I look around the room.  English Ivy clenches to the wooden frames resting against each wall. The floor has black and grey solar panelling that is cool to the touch. The lights along the edges of the ceiling are a rusty red accompanied by matte cyan lights interspersed throughout the room. In certain spots, the colours mix to make a soft purple. None of it looks good together.

Pictures of my family are everywhere; some are from the day after Thanksgiving. The tree is fully decorated in our living room with our friends standing in front of it.  That damn tree fell at least two times after we decorated it. I'm surprised the stained glass Hello Kitty balls didn't break.  Another photo is of our friend Michael making pho from that same day. I pick up his photo when Judah rages in with his crimson face.

"What the fuck! ARGH!", he yells in frustration.

‘Is he real?’ I think to myself.  

"You can’t just devour the first person you see for Fuck's SAKE!"
“I didn't do anything," I say slowly and clearly perturbed.
"Because I stopped you!"
"What was that?"
"What do you mean, what was that? Give me a fucking break, Athena."
"Why did my face do that? What is in this bag?"
"Are you delusional?"
"I don't..." I feel powerful and stronger than I ever felt before, but my confusion causes my strength to escape me.  I'm so angry at him right now that I start to cry. My tears flow out of my ducts like thick maple syrup. I smear a red tear on my face and look at it perplexed on my fingertip. My anger subsides. 

"You’re making a mess.” He says. 
"Stop avoiding my questions and tell me what is going on? The last thing I remember it was the holidays. I have a splitting headache. I have no idea where the Hell I am! What the FUCK is this room?”

"They told me you would be confused and you might not remember much."

"But I... I remember everything. I remember Christmas. I remember when you showed up to my dorm room after we hadn't seen each other for two weeks.” I was so damn angry and you brought me my favourite rose, a fire and ice rose.  I begin to drift into my subconsciousness again, but he pulls me back into the room with his words.

"Do you know what you are?" He ignores everything I just said. 

"No."
He half smiles in disbelief, "You tried. To eat. A child. You are crying blood."

I scoff at the absurdity of it all. I’ve read every Anne Rice novel and I don’t think there were ever spaceships. Although the Christopher Pike novel had aliens, I highly doubt this is a Christopher Pike novel. The truth of what I am creeps into my mind; it tries to settle there and finally, I whisper, “I'm a vampire.” It sounds so damn stupid.

“How long?"
"Two thousand years." 

"Two thousand years? Where? Don't tell me I was in that hole...ugh", I sigh in profound sadness.  My heart feels such a deep, heaviness. It pounds deeper into my chest and with every beat the weight is greater.  I can't mutter any words, the immensity of it seems so impossible to recognize. My first thought is the mourning of my past, thinking of all I have lost, who I’ve lost. Wondering if anyone else is still alive.

"How are you here?", I said.
"We'll talk about that later."
"Where's Athena?"
"We'll talk about that later. I love you."
"I love you more."
"I loved you first."
