When I arrive, children were pulling pranks on each other. They would be playing with leaves recreating mini-twisters. Some of the boys would throw balls of water at passers-by. I could feel the children’s magical energy. It was actually quite calming.

I decided to do some coin and card tricks to bring a little more positivity to the park. I started getting a crowd watching me and a kid asks “How are you doing that?”

“Magic!” I answered.

It was all fun until the Men in Black Cloaks also started to gather.One of them pronounced “Julius Thomas of The United States, Washington State and City of Seattle, the Grand Wizard summons you for dinner at 8:00 o’clock tonight.”

They gave me a choice of a luxurious carriage pulled by beautiful horses, or a leisurely stroll through the Crooked Forest. As a traveler, the obvious choice was the stroll, so I chose that, but it was nice being given a choice of how to get to the Grand Mansion.

They escorted me through the forest. It was fairly dense and the trees were quite crooked. The trees looked like people with their heads tilted. The first whiff of the was something special. It was so sour and I could taste it. The smell wasn’t offensive, but just so overwhelmingly strong like biting into a green apple.

About a hundred steps into the forest a humanoid flying creature swooped down and took one of the Men in Black. “Don’t worry. We’ll find him soon . . . as a human, hybrid, or corpse.”

Those outcomes did not lower my fear of being swooped down on and taken through the air.

It was a fairly short walk through the forest. The only live forest creature I saw ate a member of the Men in Black Cloaks. We ran into a few “animal” corpses too rotten to recognize, and the Men in Black Cloaks were very off-put by the smell, but for me the smell of the rotting flesh was neutral. It made the sour smell go away. Eventually, we reached the Grand Mansion.

We enter the mansion and I’m quickly seated at the end of a mahogany table. The candle-lit room felt so dark and empty. It was a long wait. I didn’t know what to feel or anticipate. Was I supposed to be excited, or afraid?

The Grand Wizard appeared at the other end of the table. I was waiting for ages. It felt we sat in silence for even longer.

“Wow!” he jumped up. “I’m” so happy to meet someone from the world of electricity! You guys have cars that move without magic or horses. Your machines compute trillions of numbers a second. Why? How? You must tell me more,” the Grand Wizard asked hastily.

“I just study history and make coffee for money. I’m sorry I can’t tell you more”, I replied.

“What a disappointment, but it is truly a time I will treasure ‘the first man I met from the world of electricity’. I want to give you a little gift,” the wizard sighs. He then hands me a stick about the dimensions of a pencil. The Grand Wizard said it was a “Mini 2000” for little children. He clearly stated that it was just for fun and not enough magic was contained in the Mini 2000 for world domination. He spent the time to teach me one spell with a twenty-four hour cooldown for safety purposes. It was just a little prank spell, but I thought it was funny. We said our farewells and the Grand Wizard’s last words to me were “Please. Come back with more information about electricity and computing. Use the Mini 2000 carefully,” he laughed at the end.

It’s been about three days since I got home. I saw a customer at work who used the handicapped spot without the proper handicap licences and he clearly did not look disabled. Was there a better time to use the Mini 2000. I went for it! Then failed. I had to go home and get a change of pants. The spell was explosive diarrhea.  I have practiced my aim with the Mini 2000, and I promise to use it on an evil-doer in about twenty-four hours.

