Sometimes, my favorite part about birthdays was the couple weeks before. Normally, Momma would cut my nails so that the little white part wouldn't reach over my finger tops because one time I scratched my friend Jon on accident because we reached for the same construction paper during arts and crats. But the weeks before my birthday I was extra careful so I could have my best wrapping paper shredders.

I feel like daddy knows that I'm being sneaky because he acted weird when I walked past the Laundry Room. It wasn't at all like Christmas when I found the iTunes gift card on his Nightstand because then he just laughed and said that Santa stopped by early because he has a lot of houses to stop by and he can't do it all on Christmas. I'm smart so I knew that made sense. Anyway, daddy was carrying a large bag and it sounded like it had plastic in it and he saw me and got that wide-eyed look like in cartoons. I'm smart so I balled my hand together so he wouldn't see my long nails and it kinda hurt my hand because nails feel like plastic growing from my fingers. Daddy doesn't like me helping with things so after he's done I'll bring him a glass of water.

Tile always feels so cold on my feet. We have it in the Kitchen which makes sense because tile should be where the oven is and I don't want the house to burn down. Momma was looking at some paper folded Hotdog Style. She looked up at me and the paper went down on the counter so fast it was like a one of the Magi turned it into rock. Ms. Decora doesn't like it was I say Jesus's Magi had magic. 

"What are you looking at, Momma?"

"Oh, nothing sweetie." Sometimes when Momma gets itchy--daddy says that sometimes--her hair shakes a lot and it did it again as she walked over to me. "How about some apple pieces? I bought them at the store today and we still have that jar of peanut butter. How does that sound?"

"That sounds great!" I put my arms up at the same time I said it even though it'd show my nails but I couldn't help it because I knew she liked it because she always smiled. She always says something after too, and I like the voice she uses with me. I'd think I'd like a better one but it's special because it's only for me.



I was so stuffed with pizza that I fell asleep in the back of the car. I made it all the way to my birthday without cutting my nails! The wrapping paper was so easy to cut up and I got so many frilly edges even though Momma hates it when I do that. Everyone got to see it too because my whole class came but some of them had to leave because of After School Sports. I know it's bad to say "hate" but I hate those things like that because I just want to be at home with Momma and Daddy.

I ate so much pizza but I still noticed every turn and could tell when we were home. You know you can always feel those last big turns before Daddy parks the car? Our driveway is right off the street so it feels like we're almost going around in a circle. I love it so much because it means I'm home.

"Stella, did you have a good birthday?" Daddy asked my when he came to get me out of the Car. 

"Yes, Daddy! Tell Momma she can cut my nails now."

"Well, Momma and I have another surprise for you and it's inside the house." Daddy's Voice for me was better than Momma's because it was less pointy in my ear but sometimes his breath smells like pretzels.

We go inside and my stomach is still so full. I'm just grateful I didn't throw up because Katy once threw up in Church and everyone saw it because she was up at the front singing. I took off my shoes on the Mat and the carpet felt so soft and warm and I dug my toes into it and then I just wanted to fall asleep in Momma and Daddy's bed.

So Daddy takes me into the living room and Momma's sitting by the sack I saw daddy carrying a while ago. Momma's smiling at me and her hands are folded together and her blue nails look like Robin's eggs in a nest.

"Stella, did you like your birthday?"

"Yes, Momma it was the best! I ate too much though but I''ll be fine."

"Honey, we wanted to talk to you about something now that you're a big kid," Daddy said and he sat down in Daddy's Chair and it was weird because he wasn't facing me and I wasn't sitting on his lap. "Uh, but I'll let your mom go first." He looks at Momma and both their faces were serious when they would talk to each other.

"Right," Momma pauses so slowly like it's as if someone turned rain into snow all of the sudden. "Right, we were thinking that it's important for you to branch out and have fun. You see, your voice is so pretty and we think it'd be fun for you to join the kids choir at church." I'm still so full and then Momma pulls out another paper that was folded Hotdog Style. It might have been the same one from earlier.

"And I was thinking that you might want to join the T-ball team After School," Daddy nods to Momma and she pulls out a big tooth-pick and new shorts and a new shirt and I hate it. "You're a big kid now and we think it's time that you start getting involved and getting some responsibility. It'll be fun!"

I started crying and I'm so sad and I'm still so full but I think I'm going to throw up because I'm sad. "I don't want to! I just want to stay home you can't make me!"

 "Stella, baby, it's important. It's all about growing up."

I'm still crying and the tears feel really hot on my face and I can feel the red. "No!" I yell and keep screaming until I'm out of air.

Momma comes over to me and I wish I was a push-away Magnet. "Honey, it'll be okay. You're going to love it, I promise."

It's not fair and it's my birthday. I'm crying but they won't hear me and I know it's all because Jesus's Magi let Daddy forgive Momma for hugging our Neighbor and that is why this is happening. Our maybe it's because of all the pretzels Daddy eats but it's so unfair that it's me. I love our family and I hate the Magi. And I'm sorry for saying "hate."

I'm yelling and crying and I'm a big kid now and I need to cut my nails and I hate After School and I don't want to be a big kid.


