Feeling accomplished and completely pished, our most recent of heroes staggers gently forth into the murky night. On the albeit tumultuous journey home to his quaint wooden bungalow, Tam was trying to figure out what his super power would be. He attempted to turn twigs, stones, frogs and even a dog into a delectable drink by some magical apparition he had surely seen a hundred times in the movies. Didn’t work. He ran into a crystal stream in the hopes it would suddenly turn a joyous grape red but it was not meant to be. The water did turn a sickly golden yellow but ashamedly our man had not came across a restroom since he left Ye Olde Anchor Inn.

Tam traipsed onwards and could just about see his emerald green light in the distance guiding him home. He was a surprising mixture of sticky and muddy upon his arrival but nonetheless the walk had somewhat sobered him up, or at least gave him the second wind he required. 

In a rush of excitement he burst through the door and scurried to the kitchen, making a lot of impressive noises and moving various glasses and cups to and fro. Turning taps on, scouring the fridge for anything he might potentially zap into some boozy desire. Nothing was working. His patience was wearing thin. He began to run from one end of the kitchen to the other, spinning, singing, anything to try get his new power to work. 

“CUDGE!”

Wincing at the shooting pain emanating from his foot, Tam was in a frightful state of hyperventilation and having glanced at the cracked edge of his pinkie toe nail realised his mistake. He grabbed a nearby stool and took the opportunity for a breather. As he reached up to brush the sweat from his brow, he had a strange tingling sensation in his left eye. A small tear was rolling down his cheek, after quickly catching it on his finger he felt a shallow burn. A faint smell of ethanol became apparent. Without much more than a few seconds passing his left eye had become insatiably hot, fiery hot. 

A few minutes later and our unlikely hero was writhing in absolute pain on the hard oak floors of his home. Grasping at his now dissolved grotesque eye, it appeared as if the flesh was eating itself and at an alarming rate. Violently thrashing and screaming for help, the young mans pleas fell on silence. 

Tam had passed out from the pain and awoke early the next morning, it seemed the whole night had been a blur of drunken chaos. He couldn’t piece together how he had got home but glad of his immediate surroundings. An horrific flashback screeched across his mind, more importantly his eyes. His hand shook as it led its own way up by his neck and over his eye. Only instead of his soft skin and delicate lashes, there was in place a strange warped texture of veins throbbing, thick mutilated skin and an alien duct of some form in the very centre of his troubles. The area was desensitised from the horror which took place the night before so he began to pull and tease the small flap of skin in the middle. As he did, a small droplet fell from the duct. It was pure ethanol. 
