She was crying. I had thought she looked like a crier. I eased the remote out of her hand, and paused the tape, and ex-boyfriend's face twisting in disgust when she wasn't looking. She kept sobbing.  

I stand there, trying not to feel bored, but really, after an eternity of people bemoaning their wasted years, their lost money, their heartbreak, everything became static. 

Once, I'd been one of them. I'd been a bad person: I'd stolen and lied, I'd cheated and gambled. I'd been just like them: I hadn't wanted to watch. Despite the religious society I'd been raised in, I'd never quite bought the idea of heaven and hell. I suppose, it doesn't matter whether you believe in it or not, in the end. Everyone ends up here.

Well, I say everyone - there are a few who get to take their trip straight up to meet the Big Guy - babies, people with Down's, people who have suffered enough. Of that last category, there are hardly any anymore. God likes to make them suffer. 

The girl finally peters off, and I automatically begin rubbing circles on her back. "There, there," I say mechanically. From the little I had observed since I came on shift, she was now well into her high school years. The chart said she died at sixty one - she had a hell of a way to go, but with any luck, she'd be over the hump soon. 

I hadn't made it to the high school years. Although, there hadn't been such a thing when I was alive. Back when I died, we were shown our lives in visions and dreams - when the TV sets came in, a lot of us old spirits had difficulty figuring out how to work them. I had died at twelve - I'd bled and bled when my first child came out, too young. I had been almost relieved - the man my father had married me to was cruel, with two wives already. But mostly, I had been afraid. 

I'd finished my story after a couple of decades - hardly anything, compared to what happened nowadays with all these celebrities. Someone down the hall had been stuck in there for over a thousand years now, and they weren't even halfway done. And then the devil - or what would be described as the devil back on Earth - had made me an offer.

"You can ascend," he said, business like. He had been a small, squat man, with beady little eyes and a forked tongue, "or you can stay. I think you've got the strength."

"Stay?" I had asked, confused. 

"Here," he said "my workforce is low, and you lot are only going to keep multiplying."

"...I don't understand." I had only just learned that, in hell at least, it wasn't insulting for me to ask questions. I wish I had asked more questions in life. 

The devil sighed. "Ascending is all well and good," he said, "but you haven't really lived. There's a chunk of you, and I'm not as bad as they say. You work for me, and once your contract ends, I'll send you back."

"Contract?" I asked, but at that moment a long, neatly scribed piece of parchment appeared before me. I had learned to read from my own memories, pausing it over letters and signs - when you have decades, it's not so hard. I could even spell my name: H A T I C E. 

"It will last for a duration of a hundred souls," the devil explained, "it might take a very long time, I won't pretend otherwise. And ascending is the normal route - but once you're up there, that's that. Eternal bliss, forever, and for what? I can give you another go at life. You'll still die. You'll still end up here, then next stop heaven. But you can live, next time."

*Next time.* It sounded full of promise. 

Slowly, the woman rose, signalling she'd had enough for the day. I kept the comforting smile pasted on my face until the door closed behind her. I swiped my card through the time slot, and looked longingly at the numbers blinking back at me.

*99,* the numbers told me, *one more soul.*

I could hardly wait.