*Join the Air Force, they said. See the world, they said.*

David Holland’s contract said he was supposed to be an aircraft mechanic. Signed and sealed. Apparently once you sign your life away, the government owns you, though.

The bus rolled to a stop in front of the gate. The sign outside David’s window read “Ft. Benning.”

It turns out that when North Korea screws things up, they really screw things up. Two weeks ago they made that proclamation. David thought it was a joke. The powers that be did not. In a world where the U.S. military goes medieval, apparently there is no need for aircraft, and guys like David become “Heavy Cavalry.” 

*What the hell is Heavy Cavalry, anyway?*

The bus rolls on, creeping through the pre-dawn hours toward the reception area. How on earth in the 21st century the greatest hegemon in the world reverts to a dark ages trope was beyond David’s reckoning. He had to be the most unlucky S.O.B. on the planet. The next three years were going to be hell. That’s assuming he survived Basic, of course. He didn’t want to imagine how pissed the drill sergeants were going to be after changing everything in the space of two weeks.

The bus rolls to another stop, and Sergeant Piker enters David’s life.

“All right, you excuses for maggots, you have thirty seconds to grab your gear, get off this bus, and get on my line! Move! Move!”

The bus is a disturbed anthill. Guys shove girls to grab their bags. Girls shove back and someone hits David in the crotch.

*Sweet mother of…*

But there is no time. He finds his duffel and makes his way off. The line is forming and David is the last one to jog up. Twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one… safe.

Not really.

Sergeant Piker is in his face. “So, my timeline not good enough for you, wise guy? You wiser than my way of doing things?”

“No, sir...”

“I’m not a ‘sir,’ maggot! I am ‘Drill Sergeant Piker,’ first name ‘Drill,’ last name ‘Piker.’ But we’re not that familiar yet, maggot, so you will call me ‘Drill Sergeant.’ Does that make sense, wise maggot?”

“Yes.”

David thought Sergeant Piker was close. Now he was uncomfortably close. The smell of eggs, bacon, and onions wafted inches from his mouth to David’s assaulted nostrils. “I must be getting hard of hearing in my old age, because it sounds like you were being impolite. When I ask for your response, I expect to hear ‘Yes, Drill Sergeant’ or ‘No, Drill Sergeant.’ Am I understood?” he yelled.

“Yes, Drill Sergeant!”

“Excellent, now that our wisest maggot understands, we may begin.” Sergeant Piker turned away and David breathed a sigh of relief. “You are all maggots right now. I will not call you ladies and gentlemen, because you are not. You are here to be Soldiers. I will make you Soldiers if I have to break every one of you and put you back together myself. We will teach you how to ride, run, march, maintain your armor, swing your sword, shoot a bow, and eventually work as a single team. Do not expect this to be easy. However, if you give me half of the effort I will expend in training you, you will move from maggots to Soldiers over the next nine weeks. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Drill Sergeant!” the chorus resounded.

“Excellent. Quarterstaff practice is in one hour. We will draw weapons and armor in thirty minutes. I advise you to take this time to stow gear in your bunks. You will follow Drill Sergeant Randall there. Dismissed!”

Activity, but not quick enough. Randall walked down the rank shouting. “Move it! Pick that bag up, now! What’s your name? Come on, this is not Camp Fun-Fun. Move!”

It was going to be a long day.

Quarterstaff practice wasn’t too bad at first, but David’s arms which were practiced at Call of Duty were unsuited for swinging anything heavy for longer than a minute. Archery was the same, with the first draw difficult but manageable. Each draw after was torture. David’s arms were burning by the fifth shot. He had to make thirty.

“Holland, why can’t you hit the broad side of a fucking barn?” Piker’s voice rang out.

“I haven’t done this before, Drill Sergeant.”

He stood right next to David and watched the next one fly. “Your form is off, maggot. Did you even look down the shaft before letting that loose?”

“Well, shit, Drill Sergeant, I...”

“Did I say you could cuss at me, maggot?” The uncomfortably close face appeared again.

“No, Drill Sergeant, but you...”

“Never mind what I’m fucking doing, maggot. You focus on becoming a super-special butterfly and fix your damn form!” Piker strode off. Most training ended up like that.

The afternoon found what few places of his body didn’t hurt and broke them, too. It was the first time David had ever ridden a horse. 

Two uncomfortable hours later which David would rather forget, he limped bow-legged into the chow hall. He was rewarded with a plateful of unrecognizable mash. 

“Apparently food standards have gone medieval as well,” he mumbled.

“Don’t kid yourself, hun,” the server told him, “it’s been like this for a while.”

He sat next to Ben and Kristin, who had helped him figure out how to polish his coat of mail. That had taken an embarrassingly long time to finish. Patrick and his friends sat across and down the table.

“Hey, Smith, you shot like a girl out there,” Patrick japed. 

“I am girl, meathead. You could at least come up with a more creative insult.” Kristin shook her head and kept eating.

“I don’t even know why you’re here. There’s no way you can march ten miles in armor tomorrow-” 

“Hey, Patrick, shove it, man,” David called to him, “you sound like you went back to the Dark Ages with the rest of this damned place. If we make it through this shit, it’s as a team, so keep your Neanderthal thoughts to yourself.”

“Why is everyone talking in my dining facility?” Piker’s booming voice cut through the tension. Silence blanketed the room. “Finish eating in the next two minutes. Lights out in an hour!”

As David crawled in his bed that night, every muscle cried out in protest. Tomorrow was going to hurt. 

*Why am I here? God, if I can only quit, this could be over.*

Piker walked by each bunk, making sure the recruits were in bed. He paused by David’s. 

“Good work today, maggot. Be ready to wake up at oh-five-hundred.” Piker walked on, hiding a small upturn at the corners of his mouth.

*I guess I can handle one more day.*