"Dark magic," I blustered, "lots of dark magic."

The phycologist peered at me from behind his spectacles.

"Now Charlie. Magic doesn't exist. We're just curious, because you've been here for thirty years and you haven't aged a wink."

I thought. If I told them I was immortal, I'd be caged, treated like an animal. I'd expect no less from the government. I needed a conceivable lie to help my case.

"I summoned Satan. I used my victims as blood sacrifices to his name. He has been sated for many years."

"Charlie, God nor Satan exist."

"That's where you're wrong. I'm obviously still here, so how could they possibly be false?"

I saw him sigh to himself. The shock of grey in his hair seemed to be getting more grey every day. He had to deal with prisoners like me everyday, and now he had to solve a supernatural mystery. He was not cut out for this.

"Charlie... Do you have some sort of illegal lotion? Is that it? If you imported it from out of the country then that's ok. We'll have to confiscate it, but it's ok to age. Look at me!" he chuckled.

"Yes, that's exactly it," I said, "here I'll go ahead and give it to you right now."

I jumped up, and instantly two guards descended on me, and gave me a beating with their sticks (I'll let you in on a secret-it really didn't hurt).

"I'll show you where my illegal cream is, come on." I said.

I was flanked by guards as we traversed the filthy walls of the prison, with crazy men and women screaming and foaming at the mouth from behind bars. Our footsteps echoed on the cracked concrete, and as we progressed, the cells got more and more empty until the only sounds were our own footsteps and breathing. We arrived in the solitary confinement block. These doors were rotting, but still functional. Solid steel doors attached to pin codes with no window, shooting open and closed at a whim. Soon, we arrived at my cell. They entered a pin, and the door opened. I walked to my sink, and gave the therapist my tube of toothpaste.

"There you go," I said, "do with it as you will."

He glanced at it, and looked up.

"This is toothpaste," he said.

He sighed, and motioned to the guards.

"We'll try this again tomorrow, I can't take this stress," he said.

He and his two cronies left the room and closed the door, leaving me alone. As soon as they were gone, I flipped my metal cot over to reveal a pentagram.

"Sorry dude," I said, "I need your help again."