It’s a cold, dreary winter day. A drizzling rain forms a clouded film over a busy-city street. Some college students can be seen levitating under their umbrellas in the horizon. Others can be seen either casually hovering down the sidewalks or running hurriedly. One boy covers a girl in a big thin bubble, shielding her from the rain. Cars leave behind fluorescent trails of their headlights as they whip by with towering buildings stretching into the expanse.  At an intersection, water patters beneath cars as their tires come to a gradual halt. 

On the corner of an intersection lies a man slouching over on his side, face slightly obscured by the hood of his brown-and-black checkered, loose-fitting sweatshirt. He dangles a hand over his face as he shivers violently from the cold. He snaps his fingers, emitting a small spark. Nothing comes of it.

“Ha. Figures.”

In this world where memories fuel magic, there are a lot of these people scattered throughout the city; vagabonds, they call them. The only thing they can recall is their name, and that’s if they’re lucky.

 The man coils into a fetus position. “Doo, doo. Doo-doo, doo-doo-doooo.... doo,” he hums as he twirls a finger in the air. 

“Aaah, that’s not quite right.”

“Doo-Doo. Doo-doo-doo—,” he grunts, sinking the same finger onto the sidewalk.

On the floor beside him stands a foam cup. One of his hands lazily falls somewhere near the cup while his fingers trace the cement floor back and forth. His tattered blue jeans are damp from the rain. The sea of people surrounding the man make no efforts at acknowledging his existence, not that he even cares. He continues to be flustered over the tune he’s humming.

At the other end of the street, a young slender boy of college age claps his heels, bending slightly forward while covering the floor beneath him in a trail of ice. He sports black low-top sneakers, a black bubble jacket, a white-and-black striped scarf, and some faded blue jeans. The boy’s emerald-green eyes beamed outward from beneath his brown, shaggy hair. He glides atop the trail, scarf blowing in the wind. 

He arrives at the corner of the intersection in record time, but not before slamming face first into the pillar of a building.

“Oof, I really have to get better at that.”

He gets up, brushing the fall off.  For a second, he catches a figure on the floor of the sidewalk. His eyes glaze over the figure of the frail homeless man, still coiled into a fetus position while humming. 

The boy looks side-to-side at the people surrounding them, but no one looks back. 

He hesitates for a second, just before reaching out into his backpack to pull out a notebook. He sets it right beside the homeless man’s body. 

The boy snaps his fingers, releasing a lively fire from the tips. He carefully extends the fire to the edge of the notebook until it’s swallowed by the flames. The man stops humming, looking up at the fire when suddenly, their eyes meet.

From within the man’s weathered and sunken face, a pair of green-emerald eyes pierced through.
 
Immediately, a sharp pang is felt within the boy’s chest. He clutches his chest, feeling the moisture at the corner of his eyes gathering, but he can’t fathom as to why. 

And for a while, no one talked. They sat there, wide-eyed and fixed onto each other’s gaze.

Then, the man hesitantly extended a finger, tracing the contour of the boy’s face and proceeding to hum; hum a tune he had once forgotten.
