Death’s Story

This was it. The final twilight was setting upon the greatest expanse there ever was. The whispers of sentient were fleeting now, deteriorating into total annihilation. The void stared hauntingly back at me almost as if to boast its eternalness. It was beautiful really. One last ray of light danced across the horizon of the universe and beckoned me towards it with stretching nebulous fingers that carefully caressed anything in its path. Darkness has always been my closest friend but in this time where black billowed out of every crevice like unfathomably massive plumes of smoke, and effectively washed away the shapes and colors of this womb that once harbored life in the same magnitude that nothingness now swept it, I felt fondly for this single beacon from the last heavenly body. It presented its beauty in a way that asked for nothing in return and because I was the last to be able to appreciate it, I felt an unwavering bond. This shouldn’t be a surprise though, as I had indeed saved this miniscule speck in the universe as the last place I would bring death to. I approached this foreordained location unhurriedly and with intention. There atop a gentle hill sat a single wisteria tree. Its brightly colored foliage danced at the edge of my vision and as I advanced toward it I inhaled the sweetest aroma that this dimension had to offer. Wisteria always reminds me of her. The patience and endurance this tree must possess to flourish through the deepest pits of misery and yet still proudly declare lavender blooms that would put even the most eloquent rose to shame baffles me. The cold bites at my face as this place’s sun silently dies, soon to join the already lifeless universe that is its home. Although I know better than anyone that everything must come to an end I briefly catch myself wishing that I could leave just this one tree here, not to fall victim to my hand, but it is not possible. All that I have done I have done for her. I have waited billions of lifetimes just to be with her once more and at last the time has come. Reaching my hand out slowly, I place my palm against the tree’s knotted trunk and immediately feel my shadowy energy rush out, a terminal embrace. The wisteria quickly begins to whither under my touch and in a moment that lasts both forever and a second, everything is nothing and I begin to weep. 

“Why do you cry Azrael?” Her voice rings out, a blaze in all that is darkness, so powerful that it gives light, even to my soul that was only ever destined for gloom.

“I am sorry, I never wanted to kill all of your creations…” I try to return to Eve but she cuts me off.

“Azrael” she demands, “You carry a heavy burden on your shoulders, but we are one and the same. I create life knowing that one day you must return it to dust, it is the way. Without death there would be no appreciation for life.”

“Yes but Eve, you bring to existence and I take away.”

“You misunderstand Azrael. I am the god of chaos. Anyone granted with such a gift as life will naturally cling to it, doing anything and harming anyone who threatens their vitality. You bring peace. You are the god of tranquility.”

And with that she is standing in front of me, her golden flesh dazzling, I didn’t stand a chance. She cups my face into her hands and suddenly her lips are tightly pressed against mine. The smell of wisteria assaults my nostrils once again. I am powerless to her allure, utterly intoxicated and in a flash a fledgling universe is born from the duality of life and death. 

Again I am destined to search for her for countless more lifetimes, from death comes life and from life comes death. 

