I was walking at the street at night at that time. I don't exactly remember where I was that time or what I was going to do, but I remember enough that a huge truck crashed on me out of nowhere leading to my demise. I thanked to God that I didn't feel a lot of pain, my body could have numbed down but I was sure that a lot of my bones were crushed.

The next thing I know I was already in a hospital. Oh, Thank God. The room is austere and painted in white. Upon further observation, the only piece of furniture in the room seems to be the bed I am lying on. This is very strange for a typical room in a hospital as there are no other fixtures. There is also no window. It didn't take me a lot of time to conclude from the looks of the room that I was in another place I did not wished to be in.

A doctor then came, appearing to be that of a warm and meek but rational and calculating Caucasian man in his 50s. Wearing a long gown, he relived me with the words "I am your doctor."

Feeling good, I then said: "Oh, nice. Thank you for saving me, Doc."

"I am your doctor, and there are only two persons in the entire Earth."

"And who is that two persons?"

"Me and you."

"Is this an asylum where the doctor is the one who's insane?"

"It would be better if I can explain and prove it to you."

"Then, prove and show it to me, man."

The old doctor then put his palm onto my forehead, and a couple of seconds later, I was looking at the Taj Mahal with lots of Indian people walking around. I then saw the old doctor besides me.

"Nice teleportation skills, you're like Thanos, you're cool, man."

I was shocked that I spoke that in a very thick Indian accent. He brought me a mirror and I looked at it, I was suddenly a young Indian man, which was definitely not how I remembered myself.

"Come, let us show to you another facet of your consciousness."

"What?"

He then put his head onto my forehead again, and suddenly I was with Vladimir Putin and lots of government officials surrounding me.

I instinctively said, with the appropriate hand motions: "We got the best deal ever. I am the best man. Very very best man. Believe me. Putin, you're my idol. Because you are the best man."

I then hastily covered my mouth with my hand, because that's not how I usually speak or think, nor do I move my hands like that, like my personality and my mode of thinking has changed.

The doctor said: "This is another facet of your consciousness."

"What, exactly, can you explain me what's going on? I turn into different persons anytime?"

"Yes, you get it, but you do not "turn", you are different persons everytime."

Then, we are back in the white room and I asked him: "What do you mean, that I am different persons, I am different people at the same time?

"Remember when I said that there are only two people in the entire Earth - only me and you. You are the only being inhabiting Earth, a Gestalt mind having lots and lots of consciousnesses and personalities since the day that you were born."

"Billions and billions of manifestations of persona and character - to be precise 7.6 billion personas and consciousnesses that you are currently at the same time. 

"However, you do not know that you are a single person, so, you think as if you are a multitude, everyday you talk to yourself, you interact with yourself, you spend time with your own persona, you learn to become enamored or hate your own consciousnesses."

"If this is too confusing or too much for you to swallow, just forget about this fact and live like you used too, because you might only experience mental distress if you did not. I am also sure that your Gestalt mind cannot process experiencing billions of consciousnesses at the same time at your current mental state, so you have to stick at experiencing the entirety of a single consciousness at once, like you used too."

I become confused, I do not understand so I ask him: "Can you TL;DR for me?:

The doctor sighs: "You have a mental problem, you are a Hive Mind, but you only experience one life at once. So to make things easier, you have to complete that life when it's born, then after it dies you go to the other one."

I slightly understood: "Uh, so like reincarnation?"

The doctor responds: "Not exactly, but like that. You know, don't think so much about these for now, you will soon understand all of these later on and realize the real being that you are."

"You remember your last life?"

"Sort of, my last "consciousness" died in a vehicular accident, I think."

"Lie down in the bed and sleep there. Upon you wake up, you will find out that you will be in a new life, as a new person, knowing all of the details of this new life. You will then quickly forget our encounter. After this "consciousness" of yours dies, maybe we'll meet again. But for the meantime, please enjoy your new life as soon as you can and forget everything about this."

I then proceeded to lie down in the bed and sleep.

I wake up, I was napping in a table of a restaurant in Tokyo, Japan. I looked in my hand mirror in my bag purse, I was suddenly an attractive Japanese high schoolgirl, surrounded with her girl friends. WTF? I am starting to forget my previous encounter and my past life, and my mind soon starts to speak in fluent Japanese.....