I was walking back to the studio, ready to help with the new episode, but when I entered, a strange liquid fell on me, I didn't like it but I went to the VIP bathrooms to wash it off, I think I even drank some by accident, but it was enough to make me immortal, so I eventually got to the recording studio, but one of the props somehow landed on me and did something that would mortally wound a regular person, but I was fine, somehow. No one was there to witness it, I was somehow first here. I started questioning what just happened, then, death him self appeared.


Death spoke: "You, I have come for you."At this point I scared on my feet, thinking that death himself had come to end me before I ended my show. Then he continued: "I love your show dude, I listen to it on my way to kill people, but enough of that, you have drank the sacred liquid, the immortality liquid. You are immortal." At this point I was shocked, not only did death come not to kill me, he loves my show and declared me as immortal, I was in shock, the realization that I could work on my show and I would never die before it ended. It was great. Then death spoke again: "Okay, now to explain what I've come for, I have a job for you, once you realize living forever is boring, contact this number. Oh and before I go, can you sign my scythe, I have like 5 deaths overdue my manager is getting mad at me and so is the other death cause he has to kill the people I haven't." I signed his scythe and he disappeared as quick as he came. Then the crew came in.

*50 years later*

It's been 35 years since I ended my show, I've spent the other 15 working on it. Then the sudden realization came to me, I would outlive everyone I loved, everyone I worked with, they would all die, I couldn't call a therapist because I would be called crazy, I couldn't contact anyone, except death. I rang up his number, I heard 3 buzzes, then someone picked up, it was the right death. He spoke: "Hello, wait, you picked up this early? The other guy I spoke to only called 55 years ago and he got the number in 1875, so, have you realized how boring it is to live forever or maybe you're depressed. It doesn't matter, my job for you is a bit heavy. I need you to become the 3rd death" At this point I was shocked, the dude was obsessed with my show and came to me 50 years ago saying he had a job for me, now I pick up the phone and he wants me to become a 3rd death. He continued: " I'll speak to my manager about this, and we'll get your job started in a little bit" He hung up and didn't have any room to talk

*1 week later*

The night was dark and gloomy, a storm just came in, I turned on the lights and then, the shadows started to move, I was scared, but after realizing I'm immortal, I only wanted to know what was happening, then, death formed right there. I knew he was here to appoint me as death, was it some joke because my show had at least 2 characters dying every episode, I didn't question and let death do the talking. "Alright, my manager gave me the ok for a 3rd death, we needed it anyway, I got to do this quick, I will grant you all the powers of a death, levitation, teleporting, all the good stuff." I felt a sudden urge in my body, it was great, I felt powerful. Then death gave me a cloak. "Okay, as death, you need your scythes, but you also need to not look human, so let me do something for you." Suddenly my body decayed at a hyper fast rate, I was still alive, but now I was a skeleton, just like death, I didn't know what to think, then death gave me a scythe. "As death, you need a scythe to reap someone's soul from their bodies, we recently upgraded from 2 scythes, previously we had 2 different scythes, we would have to reap someone's soul with a correct scythe to send them to where they belonged, but then our manager decided instead of having a Heaven and Hell scythe, we had just 1 scythe that would transform to a state around the correct victim, now that you know that, you are ready to become death." I was shocked, I became death in what felt like 30 seconds, now that you heard my story, you know. 

My name is George R. R. Martin, and I am the 3rd death.