Humans are woefully flawed creatures.

We want and want, but whatever we get is never enough. We build, create, share, learn but there are always those that want more. That's not a bad thing necessarily, after all, that is the basis of being human. To strive for greatness, to fight for what you believe in. But that truly is the path to destruction.

Once, the universe was ours. We took it back from those that kept us underground for so long. We spread out first across our solar system, then into the galaxy and eventually we could go anywhere we pleased in the whole universe. We made friends with all the creatures from the other worlds, thanks to our constantly advancing technology, trade was tourism along with tourism, general business and family visits, anywhere you wanted to go, you could get there almost instantaneously.

But one day, the spiral nemesis arrived. We had heard stories about it, we had been warned but in our hubris we thought it could never happen. We thought we would never *let* it happen. The right under our noses, galaxies started being consumed. Large ones at first, the ones with the highest population. As their energy span out of control, so did their reality; warping space-time and spreading destruction through their neighboring galaxies.

The Spiral King was our saviour. He piloted ships to each Spiral Nemesis, leaving a strange void where our galactic neighbors used to be. As the frequency of Nemsis occurrence increased, our fear grew. Waiting for us to be next. We could only watch as the Spiral King erased one after the other from existence.

We submitted willingly, to the rule of the Spiral King. It was all we could do to save the universe, to save ourselves. There is no one else any more, without our great King to save them, they all twisted out of existence. Whether they were erased by our King or they span themselves out of existence, everyone was finished. We're all that's left in the universe, out there now is just the void, not even the vastness of space, just complete and total nothingness.    
We know we have to be ruled, lest we face the same fate as everyone else. We're trapped here in our small lonely universe.  
All hail the Spiral King. All hail King Simon.