***

The forty-two founders rarely agreed on anything.  They had been delivered by the same cosmic anomaly and forsaken to muse on their heritage and place in the void without a thought or word of guidance.

They had toyed with each other and life, and moved freely throughout all of existence.  Their being was comprised of all forms of matter — they were linked to everything — and through it they could extend their consciousness and control and manipulate.  

"She doesn’t know the meaning of Godhood,” Dev said.  He was the most engaging of the forty-two, and over the endless span of their time he had emerged as the prominent number one. 

"Did you try to help her once — after she banned you?”  Lago said.  

As a hierarchy emerged amongst the Gods — dividing the truly powerful with the lesser ‘connected’ — Lago had become a groveler among them.   

"I did!”  Dev laughed and drank his favorite black star wine.  They had all adopted a humanoid form, as they found it the easiest to repair and alter.  Dev stood six foot five, his beard was long and black and he ran his fingers through it consistently.  

He glared down at the Earth like the long lost lover it was to him.  

Of all his creations, across all the multi-verse, Earth was his favorite.  He loved to make love to his Earth creatures.  He adored being worshiped as he walked among them.

Among the Mesopotamians he was God.

Gilgamesh, he allowed them to call him.

Then Sargon.  

Pharaoh.

Zeus.

Brahma.

Jupiter.  

Yama.

Yama was he favorite name to be called.  The God of Death.  Those were joyous times.  It wasn’t the mass destruction he lusted after — no, he rarely did any destruction at all.  

It was the fear.  The way the creatures moved and acted around him.  How they treat those they fear is superior to any sensation Dev had felt in all time.    

"I did, try to help,” Dev said.  “After she — the Goddess of Love and Compassion, the one they always prayed to in their dark hours — after she beat me in that petty bet and I was banned from interacting with “her” creations.  “HER CREATIONS!  Pah!”

Dev stood and drank.  

Lago smiled giddy.  Over the years they sat and watched this dull blue planet Lago had dreamed of being elsewhere, but in his subservience to Dev — and Dev’s obsession with this insignificant world — they silently observed for millenniums.   

"I created all of them!”  Dev said.  “Then she comes along, wins some ridiculous wager, and now she gets to control them!  They call her God,” he laughed.  “Her!  That’s how much control she has on them!  They all — every one of those misplaced worshippers, they all call their Lord and Savior a Him!”  

"She is a weak leader,” Lago said.

"She is not a leader!  She is not even a God to them!  She spectates and let’s them roam their world freely!  Doing whatever they please with no consequences!  Pah!”  Dev spat.  He was mounting rage.  

"She brings them a man with the title, Son of God, and disrupts everything I built.  She lets them run themselves into the ground.  Into controlled chaos and despair because they have no set God to kneel to, so in their expanding idiocy they think themselves powerful and Godlike,” Dev said.

"She should not be their God,” Lago said.  “She should not even be one of the forty-two.”

Dev looked over the Earth.  

"She lets them breed freely!  Look at their population!”  Lago said.  

"I tried to help that,” Dev said.

"The plague was a very kind thing to do, my Lord,” Lago groveled.

"I thought so,” Dev said.

"And did she thank you!  No!  She reported your breach to the forty-two.”

"They can do nothing to me,” Dev nodded proudly.

"Then why sit back and watch her neglect your most beloved creation?”  

"It maintains order among the forty-two.”

"Do you think they will risk inner conflict over the fate of one world?”

Dev sat and pondered this. 

"No,” he smiled, ready to retake the mantle of Earth's One God.  “I don’t believe they would.”  

***
[/r/wyrdfiction](https://reddit.com/r/wyrdfiction)