This is my first time submitting a story. I hope I'm doing it right. 

___

Lauren was sharpening her knife. 

It was a simple weapon: a long black handle and a silver blade. It was actually from the knife box on her kitchen counter. Several times she'd used it to slice watermelon and cut vegetables and make all sorts of meals. Never before this instant had she felt the need to make it sharper; she had never even given this simple tool much thought. 

She could barely keep it in her grip, her hands were shaking so violently. She finally sat it on the counter and rested both hands on the hard surface, taking a deep breath in through her nose. The thoughts in her head were foreign to her. Her heart beating this fast was foreign. Everything about this was completely and utterly *wrong*. 

She was about the only person who still believed that. 

Her boyfriend had convinced her it needed to be done. Mark had been a good guy, but he was controlled by this new law, brainwashed by it even. He saw the billboards, watched the newscasters, and read all the articles just as she. The difference was that he was excited and she was not. 

In the last twenty years there had been a shocking increase in the number of homicides. It had started when Kanye West killed Kim Kardashian and somehow got out of all court proceedings. The general population was repulsed by this,  but there were the few who saw it as an opportunity. All people have someone that they hate and most individuals blame others for their problems. So started the mass homicides. There was no way to control how many people were being killed and very quickly were the ones who still believed in the sanctity of life being sucked into the same thinking. Everyone was heartbroken and out for revenge, and murdering seemed to be the only answer. The online forums blew up, TV talk shows were in favor, and the police forces couldn't keep it under control. 

So the law was passed: in your life time you were allowed one killing. It was to be reported and any more after that would be met with the death penalty. To make sure this was enforced the government set up cameras on every corner and doubled the size of their armed forces. It seemed like a suitable answer to the problem, and the public seemed content. There were articles printed everywhere on how to murder, what age is the best age to kill at for satisfaction later in life, how to know who to kill, how to avoid being killed. 

All Lauren saw was a breeding generation of psychopaths. Yet here she was, psyching herself up. 

"You can do it, you can do it, you can do it." She sang quietly to herself. If everyone else can, so can she. 

She heart heavy footsteps in the other room. "What did you say, dear?" Mark said kindly as he entered the room. Lauren's shoulders tensed as he moved behind her and set his large hand on her low back. 

She wanted to leave him. She wanted to leave him and her family and this whole fucked up country but she was scared. In fact, she was constantly terrified. She couldn't say no to him, or anyone for that matter. If her boss wanted her to stay late, pick up an assignment, or offer her body to a customer for whatever reason, she couldn't say no in fear of him telling one of his employees to kill her. And they couldn't say no to killing her for the same fact. It got even worse; she couldn't say no to sex. If Mark wanted it, she was his. If he wanted to share her, she was his friend's prostitute for the night. She had no money because she couldn't say no when people wanted it from her. 

She had a miserable and broken existence. She debated taking this knife and slitting her own throat, or better yet, using it to kill Mark. But she knew he had people, way too many in fact. If she killed him she wouldn't make it through the night. 

"Mark, you know I don't want to do this." Her voice shook. 

"I know baby, but it's time. You're twenty five, half the people out there have used their killing already."

"Nowhere does it say that I HAVE to kill someone." Her voice had rose an octave, and she felt his hand tighten its grip on her back. 

"I say you have to. You know what he did to me, he tried to kill me Laur-bear. And you love me too much for that to go unpunished, you know this." 

She did love him. He was fucked up, but she loved him. For a second she felt herself agreeing with him, leaning into his persuasion. 

He saw her features soften and took the opportunity to wrap her in a hug. He reached around and picked up the knife, fingering the sharp blade. "You know, I never liked him anyway. He always rubbed me the wrong way. I should have killed him instead. You're lucky for having this chance my love."

That snapped her out of it. Her shoulders tensed and she boldly pushed him away. "You think I'm lucky? *Lucky*, to be forced into killing my own brother?" 

Cameron's face flashed in her mind. So did the image of his murder attempt at Mark, his way of trying to save his sister from his abuse. He had failed and ran for his life. That night Lauren felt the repercussions.

One of her ribs was still broken. 

In a flash, Lauren's neck was in Mark's death grip. Her eyes bugged out of her head and again, an image floated into her mind. She'd watched her boyfriend murder his own mother by snapping her neck.  She had been an abusive and vindictive woman, but even so, the image of her lifeless body on their bedroom floor haunts her at night. 

Mark's hand was squeezing even harder and Lauren couldn't breath. Her heart was racing and her blood had gone cold. His face was staring at her's contorted in anger, his veins popping in his forehead and his skin glowing a bright red. 

He spoke through clenched teeth saying, "We are going to go see that godforsaken motherfucker, and you're going to take that knife and slit his pretty little throat or so help me Lauren, this will be your last waking moment." 

Her vision was growing fuzzy but she heard him loud and clear. Did she care if this was her last moment? No. She did not. 

Even so, he let go of her neck. She collapsed  to the ground and coughed and wheezed and gasped for breath. Mark stood over her and watched. 

As soon as her breathing was back to normal, Mark grabbed her by  the hair and drug her into a standing position. She looked at him with teary eyes, her thoughts spinning violently in her head. He didn't take the time to look at her properly as her vulnerable features changed to show contempt. Even rage. 

As he wordlessly grabbed the knife and tugged her out of the house and into the car, she kept her feelings hidden. She so wanted to scream and grab his neck until he choked, but she hid it behind her shaking hands and thin lipped expression. Never before had she been so filled with anger and hatred. She hated this world and she hated people and she hated herself and her life and most of all, in that moment, she hated Mark. 

She was saving her anger for when they exited the car, ready to bombard and kill her brother. He would hand her the knife, and that's when she would use this rage. 

She couldn't wait to see his expression as she took her own life. 


___

This is not very good and it's dark lol. Any feedback is appreciated. 



