We are researcher 25 of science vessel Pyythis. This is our report.

Solar cycle 3 if our encounter.

We have located the source of he intermittent broadcasts which have been clogging our communications. We have left the main on a solo mission do discover what lifetrorm may have advanced sufficiently to achieve this lvel of technology. The planet appears to mostly be made of water, initial scans show it is well suited to carbon based life forms. We are ventuing to the surface.

Solar cycle 4

We have encountered many lower life forms. They have not responded with aggression. We are using remote equipment to search further.

Solar cycle 4 continued

We have not yet found sings of advanced life we have instead found what nay have once been dwelling. A number of them have a coating of materialhistorical consistent with using carbon based fuel sources. Further scans have revealed the signs of climate changes. We are hypothesizing they may have suffered the effects of rapid climate destruction leading to their cililizations collapse. Further research is needed.

Solar cycle 5

We have located the ultimate source of he disruptions. It appears the society on this planet had been using equipment to contact orbiting communications satellites. Further work was necessary but our probes were able to interface with the devices. We have reached a wealth of data on every facet of the society. From this we have constructed a rudimentary model of how they functioned and looked.

Solar cycle 6

A curious thing has occurred. After several hours interfacing with the system our probe was contacted by numerous entities. It took more work but we were able to translate their language to be compatible with our scanner. Further information will be ready once we have made certain.

Solar cycle 7

We have concluded that the remaining populace must have chosen to pattern their thought processed into the sysmtems. From this we have surmised that they have achieved a level of technology we still have yet to attain. What follows is our observations about heir remaining society.

The people of this planet appear to be clever and sophisticated businessmen driven by a ruthless concept of mercantilism. They often will contact us, and after several exchanges of dialog begin to attempt to sell products. Others appear to be engaging in a notably lewd exchange of products for money. Attempting to communicate has proven fruitless as they will not cease their attempts to sell products. However we have found a small number of counciousness who appear to be interested in assisting us.

Solar cycle 8

In summation. There is little this society can contribute to the great initiative. It shall be marked for avoidance.