Jenny steeled herself for the thousandth time, on what felt like the thousandth day but had to be in the second week. *Today is the day.* The subway was smelling less like urine and more like cleaning products than yesterday, and that wasn't going to last long. Jenny herself was a more-marketable mate, having gotten a raise just this monday.

The monday before that, and again every workday since, Jenny had seen a new face on the subway. No makeup, no nail polish, T-shirts that may have once borne logos, a different pair of sturdy cargo pants every day, the same black quilted jacket every day, blocky sunglasses she was always fiddling with that would've looked dorky if they hadn't matched the whole look… the new girl was dressed like she didn't care what anybody thinks. Every time someone coughed, or rustled a newspaper, or vomited in the back, or spoke up, the new girl would look over. Slowly, disinterested, just checking, always thinking. A few times a day something would happen and she'd lower the sunglasses, and Jenny would get lost in the thoughtful chocolate jewels thereby revealed. But all the noises of the subway, the clatters and the klaxons and the roars of trains going the other way, those didn't register.

Today of all days, Jenny had dressed with a nod towards the new girl's style. Instead of a white blouse and snappy black mini-jacket, a white men's dress shirt and a dark jean jacket her office's dress code allowed. Instead of a tight black skirt just below the knees, a heavy sweeping thing in dark purple that went to mid-calf. Instead of tights under the skirt, black leggings. Makeup light, subtle, various flesh tones to fill in her paleness and accentuate the rest of her features, not warpaint for office politics. Nails painted black, the whites freshly filed off. Jenny felt powerful, she felt warmer than she ever had on the way to work, she felt like she could take on almost the entire world.

The one person she couldn't take on sat there fiddling with her sunglasses, on a subway seat next to the guy with the… gut.

*It doesn't have to be a come-on.* Jenny thought to herself. *Be gentle, be friendly, be subtle enough she can only tell what you're after if her gaydar pings you.* She doubted she could be so restrained, but she kept **that** thought from coming out as words in her head. *An object at rest cannot be stopped.* Okay, that wasn't helping.

"Camino Del Tor." A male voice, over the intercom. The subway train was about to reach Camino Del Tor for the second time, and stop this time. Jenny breathed a sigh of relief at the interruption, and tightened her grip on the ring. The usual lurch took some guy by surprise, and the new girl slowly turned to check on him as he scrambled back to his feet.

After the lurch, half a dozen people moved to the subway car's door, obscuring Jenny's view of the new girl. The train stopped, they disembarked, two people embarked, and with a lurch the subway train was moving again.

Jenny let go of the ring, took a step forwards, and then realized what she'd just done. *Too late to change your mind now, girl!* she lied to herself, and took another. Then another. *An object in motion tends to remain in motion, until…* There wasn't really room for a fourth step, so she halted short.

She had the new girl's attention. The new girl had leaned forwards in her seat, and a little to the side to avoid the roll of fat beside her, and had both hands on her sunglasses, staring at Jenny. It was possible she found Jenny stunning. Or tragic. Or disgustingly gay.

"Hey, it looks like you're going to be a regular. I'm Jenny." She stopped herself just short of saying how long she'd been a regular, as if it were a point of pride she could lord over the new girl, and thereby stopped herself from babbling on.

The new girl thought about this a moment — making Jenny's heart flutter harder — then looked to her right, where the guy with the gut was looking at Jenny as if trying to decide whether to ignore her as a crazy or respond with a bad pick-up line. The new girl looked to her left, where there was nothing but the gap for the door. She then looked at Jenny and lowered her bulky sunglasses, looking Jenny up and down darkly.

Jenny freshened her smile, nervously.

"You shouldn't be able to see me." Practically a whisper, but she had indeed spoken, in a deep rich voice Jenny should have dreamt not heard.

"Beg pardon?"

The guy with the gut had heard too, and was staring puzzled at the new girl. Or, perhaps more precisely, through her, in her general direction.

"You shouldn't be *able* to see me." Different emphasis, a little louder. "*He* can't." She jabbed a finger into the fat roll by her elbow.

The guy with the gut jumped a little, shrugged a lot, and took the "hint". He went back to staring into space, now studiously ignoring the women, visible and invisible alike.

"Oh." She felt like quibbling with the perfectly-visible new girl, but unless she had hired one of the long-time regulars as an accomplice, the new girl was quite invisible to the guy. "I, uh, I can pretend I can't see you, if you'd prefer."

The new girl put her sunglasses back on, stared at Jenny's hands, fiddled with the sunglasses, then repeated the process on the guy with the gut's left hand. Only afterwards did she realize this was rude, peering sheepishly over her sunglasses at Jenny. "No, it's actually kinda nice. Let's go over there, though." She got up, Jenny barely backing away in time, went and grabbed the ring next to the one Jenny had been holding.

Jenny shrugged and returned to holding her ring, the same one she'd held every workday for two years and some months. This was going very oddly. Not badly, just oddly. She found herself looking for odder words for "odd", maybe this was really going peculiarly or somesuch. But now she was babbling inside, wasn't she?

"I don't see any brands, who do you work for?" The new girl switched her left hand around on the ring, to show the (blank) back of her right hand to Jenny.

"Uh. I work for Isshiki Omnitech, but I maintain drivers, I don't think that has anything to do with it…"

The new girl frowned. "IO's a player in the game, but IO-TPC agents don't exactly go to work looking like hot library-punk office ladies."

Jenny blushed. "Thanks. I, uh, don't see any brands either, I'm guessing I can't see everything?"

The new girl let go of the ring and lifted her sunglasses with her right hand to stare at — or, again, through — her left hand, then dropped her sunglasses back into place and stared a bit longer. "I was not aware there's anything different about the brands, figures. I work for Wunderteil, in the Gathering Directorate. WT-GD Alyssa White. I'm here on a supposed routine investigation."

""Supposed"?"

The new girl nodded and grabbed the ring anew. "Good catch. GD doesn't get up to the fun stuff, but this is more than the usual background data." She shook her head. "Either that or I'm establishing a really weird baseline." She fished in the voluminous pockets of her jacket, and produced what was probably a mostly-invisible device. Her fingers were a decimeter apart, wrapped around nothingness, except for a screen floating half a decimeter above her index finger. "Long-term mission, they have me under for three years straight. I check out one subway line at a time, for a month each, going where this gendex app tells me to go. But I think it's picking subway lines at random. This is like some epic dragnet except we can't tell HD it even exists." The new girl stopped her enthusiastic ramble for lack of breath.

Jenny smiled gently, warmly, hopefully not lustily. "I take it you're a little out of practice in talking with people. In all that, "Alyssa" is your name?"

The new girl nodded, still catching her breath.

"Well, I'm honored you're sharing this with me, Alyssa. It's a lot to take in." Her smile turned a little sideways as she moved closer to the subway car wall, to give a wider berth to the young man she heard moving up behind her.

Alyssa slowly turned to look at the space Jenny had just vacated, and the young man froze in his tracks.

Jenny followed Alyssa's gaze, then looked at the young man, finally catching his gaze with hers. "Can I help you?"

The look in his eyes was fading from contempt to shock to a growing realization of danger, when the process was interrupted by his eyes rolling back in his head. He proceeded to slump into a pile before Jenny's feet, and the noise drew eyes from all around the subway car.

When Jenny looked, Alyssa still had her left hand pointed roughly towards where the young man had stood, with frost trailing down out of her bulky black sleeve. Alyssa leaned closer to Jenny to speak under her breath. "Great. Whoever they are, can you help me carry them? We have to get them off the subway at the next stop, or the dart will get visible again."

Via De La Avainn didn't have the biggest station, but it was far too crowded a shopping hub for a visible woman and an invisible woman to carry an invisible boy down the street. Now that she knew what to look for, she could see a small dart in the young man's belly, sort of arrow fletchings on the body, a dozen needles angling crazily around before plunging through T-shirt into flesh.

A glance to Alyssa, who was looking worried. Her mouth was starting to set in a hard line.

Jenny nodded.

Just in time for a male voice to cut in over the intercom. "Via De La Avainn."

The two women brought the young man up to carry on their shoulders, without regard to the spectacle they were making, ahead of the crowd bound for this stop. There was some jostling, especially on Alyssa's side, as the visible subway-goers couldn't see what space was already filled by invisible people.

*As soon as we set this guy down, I'm texting in to work. Suddenly I have better things to do today.*