“What in the fuck was that?” Lloyd said.

“I told you we shouldn’t have touched it,” Ned said. He looked around wildly, cowering slightly as if he expected something to hurl out of the sky at him. 

Mace stepped forward, motioning urgently for the other two to stay quiet and raising the sword in a threatening manner. Whoever was there was in for a surprise if they thought they were going to get the jump on ol’ Mace and swoop in.

Only there was nobody there in sight. Past the rock where the sword was embedded, the land sloped down gently and gave way to mud and then a dark lake. A shiver went through Mace as he looked at the water, crashing against the mud angrily, but he gathered himself. Ned would bolt at the slightest sign of fear from him, and he needed the big oaf whether he liked to admit it or not. What he lacked for brains, he made up for in strength and sword ability.

“Who’s there? If you’re after this ‘ere sword, too bad. It belongs to the Bandits o’ the Woods now,” he said, hoping his voice sounded as commanding as he thought. He looked back at his men briefly and the two gave him reassuring nods, Lloyd gritting his teeth and waving his axe about in the air. They wouldn’t abandon him now.

“My name is Arthur,” the voice said again. It was softer now, almost seductive, wrapping around the men and hanging in the air. 

“That sword was once mine before I was betrayed and slain for it. Many men have fallen under it’s silver spell and done unthinkable things to lay their hands on it.”

“I don’t like this, I don’t like this one bit,” Ned said. “Get rid of it, Mace, just throw it in that there lake! We can find something else.”

Mace’s eyes and thoughts were on the sword though, gazing along its engraved blade. It seemed to be glowing since the voice began to talk. He cracked a smile as his mind wandered to how much gold this beauty would fetch back in town.

“Well, Arthur, I reckon those dead hands of yours don’t have any gold to offer me for this here sword. Real sorry ‘bout your, uh, death, but we best be getting out of here,” Mace said, swiveling away from the lake. That water was evil and anything that came out of it was surely up to no good.

“Oh, but I do. Step past the hill and I will show you just a fraction of the gold and jewels I will exchange for Excalibur.”

Mace stopped in his tracks.

Lloyd shook his head on him. “That water’s tryna play tricks on us or somethin, how does it have any gold for us.” Ned was shifting on his feet rapidly, still glancing up at the sky.

“Wouldn’t hurt to just see, I guess,” Mace said, shrugging and turning back toward the hill.

“This is a bad idea,” Lloyd said.

Mace gestured for him to be quiet once more and stepped past where he pulled the sword out, raising it threateningly again. That whole lake was his enemy right now, as far as he was concerned.

“Well?” he said. “I don’t see no gold.”

“Close your eyes and hold out your left hand,” the voice said.

“I don’t shut my eyes ‘round strangers. Where’s the gold?” Mace held out his left hand but stared back at where the voice was coming from, which was becoming increasingly difficult to determine.

“Do you feel that in your left hand?” Mace was about to reply no when he felt a coin brush his hand briefly. He jumped back in disbelief and slashed the sword around at the air in front of him.

“What the hell is he doing,” Ned whispered to Lloyd.

“We need to help, that lake is tricking him,” Lloyd said with a grunt. He reluctantly climbed the hill, only to find that he could progress no further past the rock they had destroyed. The air in front of him was hard as a rock, as if a wall had been built in the minute Mace had been past it. Lloyd banged his hand on it, but could not move forward no matter what. “Ned! I can’t reach em Ned.”
Ned whimpered and sat down on the ground, dropping the pickaxe he had been clutching tightly.

“How’d you do that? Who are you anyway?” Mace said, his voice shaking with what might have been anger or fear, or perhaps a mixture of both.

“That’s not important. Did you feel that coin in your hand? All that and much, much more will be yours if you cooperate with me and close your eyes,” the voice was growing in confidence, feeding off the uncertainty of the bandit in front of it. Behind Mace, Lloyd continued to bang on the wall and was shouting at his captain to turn away, but no sound was reaching through the barrier.
Mace gave a huff and closed his eyes.

___

“Do you see that?” the voice said. Before the bandit, where the lake would be, was a vast expanse of gold and jewels, the kind of pile of loot that only existed in tales to the bandits. At the top of the pile sat a regal-looking man wearing a golden crown. Mace found that he was looking around the scene as if his eyes were open, and in a slight moment of panic realized that he could no longer close or open his eyes, but then the gold before him took over his mind and eased his fears.

“It’s glorious,” he whispered, his eyes growing wide and frozen on the treasure. The man gave a laugh and began to descend his mountain of gold.

“And it’s all yours,” the man said, stepping down to stand before Mace. “All you must do is hand me the sword.” He extended a hand.

Mace looked down at the sword, licking his lips. This wasn’t what he had decided with Lloyd and Ned back when they formed as the Bandits o’ the Woods, but they would get over it when he brought back barrels full of treasure back to them from wherever he was at the moment. Wordlessly, he passed the sword over to the man, still entranced by the gold before him.

The man gazed down at the sword with a gaze so filled with desire and triumph that it would have filled Mace with fear had he been watching him and then he plunged the blade through the bandit’s stomach.

___

“Mace, you hear me? Wake up!”

The bandit was sprawled on the ground, the sword next to him. He gazed up at Lloyd.

“What happened?” the bandit’s throat felt like it had been scorched by some boiling water poured down his pipes and his words came out a croak.

“I was tryna to get to you but I couldn’t, I couldn’t Mace, there was some type of wall up between us I swear, I never seen such a thing but I couldn’t move through it and I was shoutin at you but you wasn’t hearing me, you was standing slumped lookin at the lake and then all of the sudden you fell over and started shakin! I was able to get through the wall then and I came over to see if you was alright,” Lloyd said.

He sat up and shook off Lloyd’s helping hand, grabbing the sword. Excalibur. It had been a hundred years since he had last felt it’s touch.

“I’m alright now,” he said, standing up.

“That’s great, I was so worried ab—” Lloyd’s words cut off as Excalibur sliced clean through his throat. The man toppled over, staring at the sky with a shocked look.

The man who was once a bandit named Mace grinned down at his blade, which was glowing even stronger than before.

“It’s a good thing these scum didn’t seem to know who Arthur is. Disgusting that I had to use that filthy name when I didn’t even have to,” he said, spitting as if his mouth had been rinsed with seawater.

“Mace? What happened to Lloyd?”

Ned was staring down from the hill, his pickaxe fallen next to him and his mouth open in disbelief.

Mordred rolled his eyes. He had forgotten there was a third oaf. This was the one with donkey brains.

“He tried to betray us and take the gold I got,” he said, strutting toward the big man. “Let’s get back to town, Ned.”

Ned was not bright, but even he could tell when something was very, very wrong. He turned and fled, nearly tripping over his pickaxe. Mordred let out a laugh. He loved it when they ran.
