Long time lurker, first time writer. Comments and critiques welcome.

---

Warmth. It was an unfamiliar sensation which wrested me from restfulness. I slowly opened my eyes to a bright light shining upon me from the nearby window. I raised my hand to shield my eyes as I slowly sat up to survey my surroundings. I was in a small room with a dresser, a desk, a bookshelf, and a bed. I didn’t recognize any of it, and yet, it seemed somehow hauntingly familiar, as something half-remembered from a long-forgotten dream. How did I get here?

This place was very different from my home. That was a place of nothing but aisles upon aisles of seemingly endless books. It’s walls and shelves stretched far into my most distant memories, and in all that time, I had become intimately familiar with every inch of it. The only thing that really seemed to change were the visitors. These occasional visitors were a rare opportunity for me. All of them were so different with their own stories to tell. I would answer their questions about the Library as best as I could, and in exchange they told me fantastic stories about places far beyond the boundaries of this library, places that I could otherwise only read about. A world that I would only occasionally glimpse in a dream.

I swept the curtains on the window aside in order to look out to see an incredibly vast blue ceiling. No, not a ceiling. This must be the sky, and that bright light earlier was the sun! I had read endlessly about these things! I could go on, and on about the physics behind what made the sky blue or what various ancient cultures thought of the sun, but somehow all those descriptions seemed to fall utterly short in describing the sheer majesty of the scene before me. The door suddenly swung open, and a women entered.

“Honestly, every morning you are staring out of that window. What exactly is so fascinating?”

I simply stared at her in confusion.

She briefly showed me a pained look as she said, “It’s okay, honey. Just get dressed and come downstairs. You’ve got an exciting day ahead of you! Don’t want to keep everyone waiting.”

“Everyone?”

“You’ve been asking for this for weeks. We’re going to the zoo today for your 9th birthday! Now hurry up and get dressed!”

As she quickly left the room, I could feel the excitement inside of me growing. A chance to actually see some of those animals I’d read about. She was certainly right about one thing. I had an exciting day ahead of me.