The bright sun was setting behind the clouds in post-apocalyptic Kentucky. Shouts and cheers were heard across the valley. No more fear. I should have been happy, but I was one those unfortunate enough to be infected before the vaccine came out. 

Cousin Billy looked at me, his eyebrows furrowed and his mouth working the fat wad of chew in his lip. 

He rolled his eyes, leaned over in his camping chair and pumped an ounce of dark juice from the corner of his mouth onto the dusty ground. 

“Well I bin’ damned n’ kicked in the ass bruther! Twenny for ours ta’ live?? Ho lee fuck maan! Yew best enjoy ye’self! Git summa that NOOK, ya know what-I mean, bruther?” 

I figured he was right. Cousin Billy wasn’t too good with his words but his heart was in the right place. 

I went over to Cousin Patty’s house. She’s always throwing around the nook, and she and I had fun before. She stood outside, in her thin legged, big bellied, flip-flop wearin’ glory. 

“Why haaay thayer Cousin Timmy! How yew doin’ sweet pea?” she drawled. 

“Well Patty, tha doc says I only git meself ‘bout twenny for ours ta’ live! Billy says I oughta’ git me summa the nook!” 
I looked at the ground shyly, my hands shoved in the pockets of my denim vest and my foot playing with a rock. 

Patty smirked and turned around, walking back into the house, saying with exasperation, “Git in here Billy!”. 

We spent the whole night together. We made stew, drank PBR, laughed together, and told funny stories. We both knew why I was there, but we stayed up so late that when we finally went to bed the birds were singing outside. 

We slept a long time. When I woke late the next day, Patty lay there and looked at me. 

“Well Patty lemme see that nook”. I exclaimed. 

She took off her Miss Me jeans and exposed her self to me. I went down below her fat little belly and came face to face with the nook. She loved when I went down there. 

I started feeling hot, and nauseous. Was it the smell of fish and cigarettes? No, it couldn’t be. Something was wrong. 

I kept on eatin’, then my mind went blank. 

And then I REALLY started eatin’!!