I used to work for the phone company, so it wasn't that hard to go over to my neighbor's house and hook into his landline. I mean who even has one these days? Guy is one of those hip 20 something's who landed the big job, and thinks it means he can send his dog to do it's business in the neighbor's yard, well this prank would show him. 


"Big Al's Pizza, You know what you want?"

"One extra large pepperoni, and fifteen large cheese pizza's with no crust."

"Damn guy, you sure you want that?"

"Boss said it's what he wanted, I'm just calling it in for him."

"Ah, I get ya"

I rattled off the address like it was habit after remembering that I needed to give my neighbor's address, then I tided up a bit, outside dropping his dog's present to me that morning on the ground.


---

I started to wonder if they had called to double check or something when the Pizza didn't show up in the first hour, but chalked it up to a busy night. Probably a football game on or something.

I was just turning off my lights to  go to sleep for the night when I heard the first car pull up outside. I peeked out my blinds to see a pair of pizza trucks pull up to my neighbor's house. 

"Wish I had made popcorn" I said to myself and pulled a chair up to the window, before peeking out again. 

It seemed they knew each other, or else the joke was having the desired effect as my neighbor was arguing with the Pizza guy and his buddy. I looked at the trucks again and noticed that both had drivers as well. I wasn't sure what to think of that, I mean clearly they didn't need four people to deliver pizza, heck they shouldn't even need two trucks.

---

I had to duck away for a moment because one of the guys looked my way, but when I looked back it seemed everything had been sorted out. I guess the rich kid decided to just buy the Pizza's instead of the hassle of fighting with them some more as I saw the two from the trucks getting out and going in following the two at the door.

---

I started to regret my joke as I noticed it was past ten at night, and they had been playing some horror game while throwing their party judging by the loud music, occasional louder screams, and random gunshots. 

Maybe tomorrow I'd just throw his dog's morning gift to me at his window or something. Not like there was that much I had planned for a boring Saturday at least. 