Pop! In a shower of blood and feathers, the goose simply exploded. For a few days, the geese had been acting more aggressive than usual, but nothing really sensational. This particular goose, though, had been harassing a couple of ducks before it expired in a gory fashion. Soon, reports came in from all over the city about geese exploding.

At first, people didn't realize what was happening. Then, during a live debate between ornithologists discussing the phenomenon, a fistfight broke out. One guy was hospitalized, and he didn't even apologize to the ambulance drivers for the inconvenience he had caused. This was when I realized we were all doomed.

We were all doomed, unless I, Carl Nadien, a humble maple syrup and hockey stick salesman, could find a solution. I went to my moose-garage and saddled up Alexander, my favorite moose. Time was of the essence, with the geese population in rapid decline due to overloading, the proud people of Canada would soon turn on each other.

Before I could save the country, I had to find Canada's top scientist, Dr. Vanessa Couver, whose expertise in Canadian science would be instrumental. Also, she looked really sexy when she was wearing her glasses, which would divert my attention from the rage slowly building inside me.

I had first gotten to know Vanessa because she frequented my shop, for her weekly hockey stick purchase. She would also tell me how she loved to have a firm grip on hard wood, to which I replied that I can supply her every need when it comes to hard wood. "I bet you do"- she said with a wink. Nice lady.

Not so nice, however, was the sight of the Royal Mailman with a hockey stick firmly planted in his skull. Next to him sat Vanessa, a shocked expression on her face and blood splattered over her lab coat. "I had to do it!" she said, her voice shaky, yet sensual "He tried to charge extra for a maple syrup delivery!"

That slut! She got her maple syrup from another man! I had to calm down, knowing that the rage within could lead to unreasonable angry outbursts. Focusing on her sexy glasses, I calmly reached down with my hand and said "Quick, jump onto Alexander, we need to get to your laboratory!" Not wanting to smear blood all over my moose, she took off her lab coat and mounted the proud beast.

As we rode through the city, the early onset of chaos and anarchy was beginning to unfold. Several car crashes and the occasional fire made traversing the streets a dangerous prospect, and people were getting into fights everywhere. Bloody puddles of feathers dotted the parks and ponds. More importantly, Vanessa seemed afraid of heights, because she clung to me very tightly.

Calmed by the lavender smell of her perfume, I managed to avoid getting myself entangled in any "arguments" on the way, and we made it to Vanessa's lab safely. "We need to find a new target for our animosity, the channeling machine my grandfather invented is inside!"- she said as we dismounted Alexander in the moose-parking lot. Then we were assaulted by ninjas!

Luckily, I had three "Maple Leafs" in Hock Fu, the Canadian martial arts, and had mastered Stick Jitsu at an early age. "Run inside, I'll hold them off!"- I shouted, as Vanessa did exactly that. Dual wielding my hockey sticks, I battled the ninjas, and was nearly overwhelmed when Alexander rushed to my aid. Earlier, I had glued hockey skates to his antlers, much to the anguish of the ninja that got torn to shreds.

I was nearly overwhelmed still, not by ninjas, but by rage until all of a sudden, it stopped! Exhausted, I sat down on a bench after brushing away the severed head of a ninja. Vanessa emerged from the door, covered in blood, her clothes torn. "I had to fight the cleaning lady, but I did it, I re-calibrated the Animosity Channeler, it now channels into Manatees."

She sat down next to me, staring into the same nothingness that I did. I put my arm around her shoulder. She leaned against me. "You're dirty and covered in blood"- she said after a while, "So are you"- I replied. "There's a shower inside my laboratory,"- she responded "but there's only one, so we'll have to share."