She didn’t know if they ever stopped being nightmares, but in the decades since she was baptized in the blood of her first kill, they had been her constant nightly companions that stole the comfort of forgetfulness in rest from her. Even in dreams her arms and her feet danced, practiced perfection that made the iron in her hand a paintbrush that colored her dreamscape crimson—but which was the master and which was the tool?—and made sleep not a respite but something her body just lost to. 

In her youth, she had basked too much in her vanity: first with the praises of her teachers, and then with the truth that she had outgrown their discipline. It was not enough for her sword to move through the air in beautiful form; its edge was made to slice through flesh, and flesh it found and never stopped craving. 

Someone a long time ago had wasted their last breath to tell her that Heaven would never recall her conscience no matter how hard she begged, and perhaps it was that which punished her with memory, the faces that never stopped staring in her sleep no matter how her blade turned them into ribbons. 

And maybe when the pain in her failing heart pulled her from the torment of sleep that last time, it was yet another punishment, and perhaps the worst, for it did not end her suffering as it should have, but instead cued her body into another performance—this time to dance with Death itself. The strike that came never landed, and the perfect swordsman, up to the never-end, was unbeatable. 

But the blade that brought the end to so many couldn't end Death. And it knew nothing else, and so it swung, and struck back, and parried. And the swordsman discovered that there was one more vain and more tortured in its purpose than her, as Death never swung its scythe without collecting what it felled. 

And all throughout the world, souls waited, and tired of waiting for what never came, and though they threw themselves in the clashing blades' path, the perfect swordsman's sword and Death's scythe would not land where they were not meant to, and the stairs that led up to Heaven and down to Hell remained unclimbed, and there was nothing else but the ringing of metal—