I took a deep breath, preparing to go outside and for the first time, not sure what to expect from otherwise usual surroundings. Would people treat me differently? What could I do, now that people will think I'm smart?
The first place I went was Starbucks, where I ordered my usual swirly, creamy coffee drink. If I was going to possibly make this believable, I'd at least have to be alert. I I noticed the barista gave me a genuine smile instead of the usual knowing smirk that comes with a stereotype matching an expectation.
I walked briskly off to class. My first semester at the community college was disheartening, to say the least. Most people there were also blonde, some lighter than others, with a few shades of brown and - occasionally - someone with hair so dark they stand out in every class, yet for some reason rejects the scholarships for university offered to every one of them.
There was one such boy in my first class, Chemistry. I felt I was quite good at it, yet the professors, usually with light to medium brown hair(I'd heard the university professors were required to be dark brown or deeper), talked to me like I didn't understand. I guess maybe I just don't fully grasp all of it, but I get the basics. I think I got really lucky with my hunch about ammonia to make this dye.
The boy looked surprised when I walked in. Right, I thought, I was one of him, too, now. I sat in the one of the only open seats, next to him. I figured it's what I'd do if I were him. 
"Now," the professor began, "who can tell me what they know about the laboratory you reviewed on the syllabus?"
I took a chance and raised my hand. He nodded. "Well..." I tried to remember exactly the answer I had given my first day of the same class last year; "It's a standard titration, so you're basically balancing out the amount of acidic substance in a solution with the amount of basic compound in a solution, and so the amount of the base required can tell you how much acid is in the solution."
"Yes, yes, very good answer!" He replied. 
I tried to smile normally but had to hold back a grin, then looked away in embarrassment.
After class, the boy with the dark hair introduced himself to me as Michael. He didn't know exactly what he wanted to study, and didn't want to be around a bunch of people who would pressure him to choose so quickly. I admired that he would stray so far from the norm for that. The more we talked, the more he expected me to say something intelligent, something interesting, the more I felt...well, intelligent, or interesting.
Did the dye change my intelligence as well as the color of my hair? Or...was I always capable of feeling like this?

{Really wanted to write more but it felt like it was getting long and it's really late. :(}