"Frankie, show this guy what we do to people who don't pay up." I hand Frankie Four-Fingers the knife. Frankie Four-Fingers grabs a fresh orange and begins peeling the skin off, with precision.

"Hey," says the small man who owns the grocery cart, "you gotta pay for that!"

Frankie Four-Fingers growls and says, "We gotta pay? We gotta pay? Lemme tell you something, pal. You gotta pay US for guarding you from dangerous elements in this neighborhood, ya get it?!"

Just as Frankie is about to rough up the guy selling oranges on our turf, Fred, the guy nobody invited, speaks up.

Fred says. "Frankie, some day you're gonna be as old as this guy! Would you want someone threatening you with violence for money when you're an old gent just trying to stack paper selling oranges at miserable profit margins?"

Frankie, whose left hand is balled into a hard fist ready to send the grocer into a world of pain, whose right hand is tightly clutching the grocer's shoulder, whose face is worked up and pissed off, shouts.

Frankie shouts at Fred. "Fred, you're a nice guy, but this is how things work on the streets!"

Fred puts his hands on his hips and looks Frankie right in the eyes, with no fear. "Frankie, would you say that if your mom was right here?"

"My mom's dead!" Frankie begins crying.

Fred pats Frankie Four-Fingers on the shoulder. "Come on, pal, we can talk about it over some ice cream. My treat."

The grocer is freed from Frankie's four-fingered grasp. As the grocer drops to the ground, he looks up at Fred with a look of shock and bewilderment.

Fred, Frankie and I walk over to a nearby ice cream parlor. Fred asks us what our favorite flavors are, in a gentle voice.

"Neapolitan," Frankie says. "Growing up, it was me, my mom, and my sister's favorite. I'd have the strawberry, my mom would have the chocolate, and my sister the vanilla. I was afraid they'd tease me for liking the pink flavor, but they never did it. Not once. Mom loved chocolate more than she loved heroin. My sister couldn't handle strong flavors, so she liked the vanilla the most."

Frankie sighs as he eats his Neapolitan ice cream alone, all three flavors going into his mouth at once with each long, wistful scoop.

I turn to Fred as Frankie is in "the zone", the sacred place where only he and whatever sweet thing he's sharing his time with exist. A bowl of ice cream, one of his kids, a lover. When Frankie Four-Fingers is in "the zone", he does not escape it until he is finished.

I say to Fred, "Fred, nobody invited you. And you know how we get by."

Fred smiles. "Yeah, I know."

I want to ask him something, but I can't. It's normally very easy for me to just pick someone up and force them to answer my questions the way I want them answered. Second nature. But I can't do it to Fred.

"If you're gonna tag along with us, you gotta be good for our pocketbooks. We can't pay our rent if we can't muscle it outta other folks here."

"Well," Fred says, "I've got a solution for that. Here is a job application for this ice cream parlor. They are in need of employees, and I know how much you boys love ice cream."

Frankie begins sobbing again. His lips, normally stoic or curled into an ugly, intimidating frown, tremble like a junkie in withdrawal.

"How about three days a week, instead of shaking people down, you scoop ice cream up? Honest work will do you good."

Frankie and I each look Fred in the eyes, and we fill out the job applications.

Two days later, Fred disappears. Every day, Frankie and I secretly hope to see him again. We think if we keep working at the ice cream parlor, we'll see Fred again. So we keep selling ice cream, trading in pocketknives for metal scoops, and intimidation and threats for "have a good day" and "see ya again".

For twenty years Frankie and I work there, with diligence.