"I dream of the sunset." She said, her face an empty shadow.

"The sunset dreams of you." I smiled and brought her shapeless face to mine; my lips seeking hers.

*Sunset dreams of you.*

Rick's eyes snapped open, the dream shattering around him. What the hell?

He was in a room. The faintest traces of sunlight showed on the white marble floor, the slight rhythmic weaving of the red curtains causing them to appear and vanish continuously.

Where the hell was he?

He stood up slowly, and realized there was someone else on the bed. A lady with skin of deep gold lay on the bed, tucked underneath the grey duvet.

He flushed and hurriedly dressed himself, and walked out of the room, searching for the exit. The house was dark, the windows shuttered.

*Dark, charred black walls...*

*A wrecked home. A burning house. Flames towering above.*

He reached clumsily for the door and lurched, his steps uneven and shaky. His memories... Each memory had the sharp tang of pain and sorrow to it, cutting deep into him. He stepped awkwardly and bumped into a small wooden table, throwing it to the floor.

He'd broken his rules.

"Where are you going?" The lady called from the room down the hall.

*Never get close to anyone ever.*

"I... I" He managed. But he was choking, gasping desperately for air, hands clutched at his throat. Drinking. Last night he must have been drinking. Wrapped securely in alcohol. The encompassing comfort of a duvet. The slow embrace of another. The warm press of skin on skin. 

*The flames towered above him. Dark smoke was pouring down his throat and pooling there, killing him from the inside.*

*

"You're dying."

Those were the first words he'd heard when he'd found himself in the realm of darkness. Death stood before him, dressed in a sharp midnight black suit, complete with a golden tie. His eyes were strikingly black, and he held a white scythe casually behind his back.

"Don't worry." He continued, striding towards me. "Death feels like gentle acceptance, a bashful kiss if you would."

"Wait." Rick cried out, hands futilely raised in front of him. "What if I don't want to go yet?"

He smiled, but his eyes continued to pierce mine. "That's what the scythe is for."

"Okay! Okay wait, listen. I've been murdered horribly. This killer of mine, he burned my house while my family and I slept." He began, his fists balling up and clenching uncontrollably. 

"Alright." Death said, lazily bringing the scythe out from behind his back. "And why should I care?"

Rick lowered his gaze. His fists refused to unclench.

"My house is the orphanage."

Even in the realm of darkness, He could feel the moment when silence reigned. Even Death himself paused, and Rick imagined that no matter how many horrors he'd overlooked, he couldn't overlook this one.

Death shook his head wearily, then lashed out at Rick with blinding speed. The white scythe cut through his chest cleanly, a long shallow cut on his body forming. He cried out and fell to his knees.

*Okay maybe not.*

Rick took several shallow breaths, still knelt on the floor. The wound was deep within him. The scythe had cut deeper than any mortal weapon ever would. Something missing, he thought. It felt like something in him was missing.

Death stood before him.

"I've cut you. You see. Your wound is rather special. A year for a year."

"What does that mean?" He managed.

"Every year of your life from now on, you will lose the exact same amount of time."

"In other words, I'll never age?"

"Right." Death said. "But. But your years are yours, even if they leak out of you. They are bound to you, even if they no longer affect you. They will affect anyone who comes to near to you. Anyone who gets too close will pay the price. Rick Martin Summers. I hereby grant you the chance to catch your killer. But you will never know love, nor friendship nor companionship. I gift and curse you with life. I release you now from my realm to catch your killer."
