As the Daedric Prince of dark knowledge, Hermaeus Mora, I dabble in the darkest of secrets and facts best left unearthed. That being said, I was most ecstatic when the Dragonborn fell prey to their inevitable demise. Their soul departed to Sovngarde to join their fellow heroes of history, only to find themselves being dragged into Oblivion and taken to their new Daedric master. Awaiting the arrival of my faithful servant, I was quite panicked to see multiple Daedric realms calling out to him at once! What has this fool done to accrue such chaotic praise and unwavering desire from my brothers and sisters in darkness? I had to investigate.

"He belongs to me!" shouted Mehrunes Dagon, causing the stars themselves to quiver in fear. "He is my chosen ambassador to the mortal coil, and shall--"
"The Dragonborn is my sworn champion, you fool!" roared Hircine, his carnal rage showing. "He bares my mark and has taken on the body and soul of the werewolf. He will serve as my--"
"Enough, you miscreant scum!" interjected Mephala, undoubtedly about to spin an intricate fib, as she does best. "Dovahkiin knows me to be their sworn mistress. Release them, or I shall--"
"What in the name of Shor is goin' on here?!" Clavicus Vile inquired, his pompous tone unchanging. "Their soul is bound to my will! I can even show you the contract that they signed when they--"
"Enough of this nonsense!" shouted Molag Bal, the self-proclaimed enslaver. "Their soul is my prize to collect. I will do with them as I see--"
"A shame you all seem to be quarreling over that which is my own to collect," interjected Nocturnal, looking to work her magic with the Dragonborn's soul, no doubt. "They have pledged to serve my forces in mortality and after. If you would be so gracious as to--"
"What a nightmare this has become!" shouted Vaermina, no doubt having a taste of her own poisons now. "They are my sworn champion, fated to join my side and sow horror in the mortal--"
"I beg to differ, I really do!" interjected Sanguine, his pride and boastfulness unable to be hidden. "With his evident charm, he has rightfully earned his place in my--"
"SILENCE!!" I finally shouted, causing the stars to shake, temporarily halting the quarrel. "Something is obviously wrong here. To whom has Dovahkiin pledged their soul to upon their demise?"
"Me!" they all said in unison.
This was most inconvenient. Not only did the Dragonborn pledge to serve me afterwards, but he seems to have pledged himself to everyone else in the long run. What an opportunistic fool. I like that. Well, aside from it beginning this quarrel, that is.


"If all of you speak only the truth, even Mephala here," I continued, "then we have a bit of a... delicate situation that needs to be handled." I turned to the ethereal Dragonborn, obviously confused and worried. "Perhaps you could help us out here, Dovahkiin?" I began. "You seem to have mishandled some rather... delicate matters here. Pledging your soul to one Daedric Prince is, in and of itself, quite a risk, but to EVERY Daedra? Tsk, tsk, tsk. What a foolish move."
The Dragonborn simply remained still and wordless in the face of their grave error.
"Only one of us can have the Dragonborn," Dagon chimed in, sounding as merciless as ever, "so how shall it be decided?"
"I will slay whomever tries to take them from me," Bal commented. "They cannot simply serve us all."
"You know what?" I chimed in, having an epiphany. "Perhaps they could."
My brothers and sisters gave me a distinctive look and began chatting among themselves in quiet.
"Allow me to explain," I continued, noting the disbelief and fear of my siblings. "We are all powerful by ourselves. We are, indeed, Daedric Princes. But what could we be... if we fought our enemies as one? The Dragonborn could very well facilitate such a thing."
"That is... not actually a terrible notion," commented Mephala, speaking truthfully for once. "If we all put our faith into this deceptively powerful being, we could use him to bring about our own goals in ways we could never accomplish on our own. He has, evidently enough, served us all well."
"Now that I think about it," Dagon interjected, "he could very well give us all the boost we need. Not even Alduin, the Godly manifestation of the End, could stand against his unbridled wrath."
"He'd be a nightmare for the denizens of the mortal coil," Vaermina added. "With their wrath, fighting for the united Daedra, we could use them to bring about the demise of the Gods..."
"And all mortal-kind will be ours to control," Dagon continued, chuckling with excitement.
"The mortal coil will become a paradise of sin and chaos," Sanguine gleefully interjected. "With his might, and ever-abundant storage of surprising talents, they will--"
"BANISH YOU ALL, FILTHY DEMONS!" The Dragonborn roared. The lot of us flinched.
"I serve no Daedra!" they boldly proclaimed. "My power belongs in the hands of the true Gods, not your filthy, unrighteous hands. I will destroy you all!!"

Dovahkiin then shouted a series of mysterious words, unknown even to the Daedric Prince of all knowledge itself, and took on a new form. In an instant, the puny, mortal-shaped form of the Dragonborn's soul morphed into an almighty white dragon, towering above us all. Their flames blew like the fire of the Gods, disorienting and debilitating us. As we struggled to regain our focus, the Dragonborn opened up their jaws and swallowed me and my siblings whole. As we slid down their throat into their stomach, Dovahkiin flew back to Sovngarde, with all of us helpless against his almighty fury.
"Even I could not see this coming," I proclaimed. "What a frightful sight indeed."

The sight of Sovngarde's mountainous landscape was the last glimpse of the outside world me and my siblings received, as Dovahkiin returned to their human form and marched across the whalebone bridge, with all of us still churning in his stomach. What a surprising fellow this Dragonborn has turned out to be. A surprising fellow indeed...