Today was the day. 

He hadn’t showered in weeks. He smelled like a trash can.

Instead of shaving or bathing, he rubbed some soil that he purchased at a home and garden store to give him the truly rugged and unclean look. 

Instead of brushing his teeth he took a long drag of a cigarette and drank some coffee. The convincing is all in the color of his grin. 

Instead of eating a full breakfast he had a couple crackers. It’s more convincing if it’s coming from somewhere real. In fact, he’d been decreasing his intake for weeks just to look properly underfed.

Bracing himself for the day he had ahead of him, he grabbed his cardboard sign and headed out. He walked the whole way. There is no way that anyone should see him pulling up in his prized Maserati.

He hopped a bus to head into the heart of the city, a place where rich and poor alike frequented for their jobs, lunch breaks and entertainment. Unsurprisingly, the seats around him remained empty, even while the bus filled. He knew it was the stench, or maybe to avoid the Schizophrenic ramblings of yet another homeless man.

“Good.” He thought to himself. The point was to distance people, make them think he was gutter trash, not one of the most successful men of this century.

He picked a choice spot. Somewhere less inhabited by homeless people. Somewhere generally unassuming. It was surrounded by restaurants, fast food, sit-down, even food trucks. 

The goal was simple: the first person to sit down with him and buy him a meal was the sole heir to his unimaginable fortune.

Sitting on the sidewalk, he grabs his sign and set it in his lap so that the world can read it. No jokes, nothing funny. 

“Hungry.” 

They say that when you’re homeless and hungry long enough, you don’t have the energy to make jokes. After his cancer diagnosis, he’s not really in a laughing mood to bother, anyway. 

People pass. He curses himself for not bringing something to put the change in, just for convincing the rabble. He doesn’t want their money. 

Despite the absence of a receptacle, people toss change at him. Occasionally, a bill might find its way to his hands, but people don’t really keep cash around these days. He sure didn’t.

Hours pass. Hope isn’t lost because it’s only just nearing lunchtime. He watches as the busy businessmen leave their offices and stalk past him, they don’t even see the world around them, why would they notice him. The same could be said for the students stalking the streets, though instead of focused on their dismal lives, they’re honed in on their phone screens. 

He wasn’t upset. This was a waiting game. If it was easy he would already have an heir.

As the throngs of people meshing into one mass push their ways back into the buildings, he could feel the heat of the sun on his balding head. He closed his eyes for just a brief moment.

Suddenly he hears a child’s voice. But he isn’t certain what they’re saying. Quite honestly, he isn’t bothered with focusing on it. What did he have to eavesdrop on that a child would say.

He was forced to listen when the voice was directly next to him. His eyes opened as the child, probably 4 years old if that, touched his arm.

“Mister, are you hungry? Momma said we’re getting lunch!”

He looked disbelievingly from the child to the referenced mother. She nodded with a smile.
