I was sitting at home,drinking Vytautas mineral water while playing EU4. Suddenly,i decide to check reddit to see that the aliens have killed most of the world. I contacted my ITV loving friend /u/CaribbeanSeaAnomaly on reddit to inform him. We found the other redditors and gathered them together in various areas,forming regiments of redditors by country and region. I was in charge of the 67th Turkish Division of Redditors so me,and the other 99 redditors wave our Snoo and Crescent flag while singing Rick Roll as an anthem. We,and the other 80 Turkish Divisions marched unto the alien base in Edirne,meeting up with the 28 Bulgarian Divisions. All of us march on and on until we reach Slovakia. There,we had formed an army of 200000. We had gotten reports of the aliens landing with their main battleship to Ireland and with another,roughly equal sized force in Lithuania. We split in two,one bound for Ireland and another for Lithuania. I was in the division that will fight the aliens in Lithuania but when we got to Bialystok,we heard that the American Redditors have attacked the aliens with dank memes and won. When we got to the Lithuanian Border, /u/Augenis,leading the Lithuanian Division reported us that the aliens have moved to Estonia. So with them and the Latvians we marched to Estonia but when we arrived at Panevezys we heard that the Memers of Spain had came in as support and defeated the aliens in Ireland. When we arrived at Tallinn,we prepared for battle. We all came from different subreddits, from /r/vexillology to r/ooer, from r/chemistry to /r/weeaboo. We faced the aliens and we fought hard with the subreddits we belonged to being a fighting tool against the aliens as well. For this time /r/pitchforkemporium came with real pitchforks as well. The members of r/Stellaris dealt with the aliens in many ways that are sometimes incomprehensible to the rest of us while r/CK2 has done some NSFW stuff. r/EU4 shouted "ULM STRONK!" For this battle only, r/FinlandConspiracy has accepted the existence of Finland.
The battle was epic... All of us survived. Shortly after the battle of Tallinn ended,we got reports from other Redditors through the new /r/RedditDefenseForce subreddit that they have defeated the aliens with the sheer power of memes. 70 percent of the Poles have stolen the spaceship of the aliens after the war as reparations to board on it so from this point onward....
Poland can into space.