The mountain of a man swung at me, and I stepped back, watching. An amateur, like the rest. A master of technique but unfamiliar with the theory. I ducked under his swing and jabbed him in the solar plexus. He doubled over, and I struck him in the back. One of those ribs had fractured in a previous fight, and hadn't healed correctly. He yelled out in pain, and all hundred kilograms of muscle dropped to the floor, squirming.

"Another one round knockout by Doctor Luchador!" the announcer cheered. The crowd went wild.

"You ready for another?" the guy who ran the show, coincidentally the student council president and an econs major, whispered to me. 

"Isn't it one fight a night?" I sipped my water.

"I need to make some money here. Maybe next time don't keep winning your matches so quickly. We'll end an hour early at this rate," he hissed. I shrugged and nodded.

"Introducing... The Net Force Be With You!" the announcer yelled. More cheering ensued. More than the crowd had given me. I was slightly miffed.

The guy walked into the room. Glasses and a dress shirt. Formal fighting wear. Odd. I had a lab coat on, but that hardly counted. Med students got dirty, rooting about in cadavers.

I looked the man over. Weak. Pasty skin and small muscles. Not even a swimmer's physique, I'd call it the nerd's physique. The type of musculature you got when the only sunlight you saw was a crack in the curtains and the only exercise in your hands.

I swung a right hook at his face. He brought his hand up, and seemed to flow. It wasn't with a dancer's grace or the force of a martial artist. He seemed to put in just the required effort, and in an instant had me down on the ground, locked in an armbar.

"I just used all three classes of levers," he gloated in a snotty voice. I hate this guy. I struggled, aiming a shot at his kidney, but he seemed to glide with the blow. He spun around, and smashed my head into the ground.

Buzzing. Blurred vision. Concussion. I had to end this soon. I just hoped I could do it without needing medical attention. I'd seen my classmates work. I'd probably die on the operating table.