“Are you serious? We’d get in so much trouble!” I quietly exclaimed so the teacher wouldn’t notice.

“What do you think this is, Pre Apocalyptic America?” Ratthew states.

“I don’t know man, I mean, haven’t you heard about all the other kids who do math?” I asked, becoming slightly more interested yet resistant.

“Calm down dude it’s not like it’ll kill you.”

“But it CAN and it MIGHT.” 

“You don’t wanna take a little risk?”

Just to shut him up I snatch the calculator from his hands and hide it under my desk, I glance up at the teacher, she’s saying something about Cough syrup or some shit, I look back down and hastily type
 3(5x -2) = 2(6x+5) into the calculator. Right as I hit the enter key I’m bombarded with a feeling of ecstasy.

“Jesus man this is so amazing.” I say to Ratthew, unknowing of the danger to come. 

“See I told you, this stuff great. You can get calculators mad cheap on the streets too!” Ratthew replies.

“Let’s go buy loads of ‘em after class.” I say excitedly.

I slide Ratthew’s calculator into my backpack and pull out another pencil, I mean, can’t hurt to have an extra on my desk just in case right?

Soon enough the class ends and the teacher assigns us some stupid assignment like, “Cook 2 pounds of meth, with a partner.” Of course, me and Ratthew blew it off to go buy some more calculators. Rat takes me to this shady convenient store in the middle of no where. After a few minutes of waiting and watching cars pass by, a man staggers up to us, he’s obviously drunk as fuck. 

“You kids..” He burps and continues. “Looking to buy some math?”

Rat speaks before I can say anything. “Yeah man, we got $20 how many calcs can we get-“

I but in. “I’ve got an extra $5 my mom gave me.”

The man attempts to think about something and pulls 5 brand new calculators out from his coat pocket, at the same time grabbing my $5 bill and Ratthew’s $20. 

Rat and I rush home and tear open the packaging of those brand new calculators.

“God I’m so excited.” I say, sounding like an idiot.

Ratthews already going on his trip, he was off the wall, I can’t even imagine the equation he punched into the keypad of that out of the box new TI-83a.

Soon enough I’m pushing in a few numbers myself, I can’t bring myself to try anything to crazy yet, but I entered something pretty decent.

“Oh god yes.”

At this point we’re both out of our minds, seeing things, heading things, hell it was like I could even taste literally everything. I can’t explain the high but it was incredible. 

Suddenly I’ve lost my high, all my muscles are burning, it’s so intense, my head hurts, the pain is excruciating. My heart is racing. I can feel the fiery hot blood coursing through my veins, pumping in and out of my heart. Faster and faster. 

Next thing I know Ratthews sitting next to me, having a seizure. I panic, not knowing what to do. Almost forgetting about what the hells happening to me I attempted to get to my cell phone across the room, but before I could I collapsed onto the floor and suddenly felt myself sweating immensely.

Almost as if no time has passed I wake up in a hospital bed, nurses and family by my side.

“What the hell happened.” I ask, my voice is weak.

“You overdosed on Math, Bichael.” The nurse says.

“You’ve been in a coma for almost 3 months.” My mother adds.

Tears well up in my eyes.

“I’m so sorry mom.” I try to say, my voice breaking.

She says nothing, just stares into my eyes, she looks as if she’s broken. 

Soon enough I remembered everything that happened, including Ratthew introducing me to Maths.

“What happened to Rat?!” I exclaim.

Another nurse walks in and talks to my nurse for what seems as an eternity. My nurse turns back towards me and quietly says.

“We’re afraid Ratthew didn’t make it, he died before we even got him into the hospital.”

I can’t bring myself to speak a single word. Even more tears are welling up now. They WARNED us, they TOLD us to never do math. Did we listen? No. And look what it cost us.

Post script;

Writer, grade 9, male.

Don’t do drugs kids.