The market was sodden. For decades now, the world had been unified – a change that was both confusing and exciting. But for a cop, it mostly made everything more difficult.


*You just have to wonder,* Jacobs thought to himself, *what makes these people tick.* Stubbing out the butt of his cigarette he removed his feet from his chair and slid off the edge of his desk, neatly landing his brogues on to the floor. He moved toward the exit of his office and pulled his trench coat from the rack.
	
In the last several years, the UTC (Unified Terran Council) had passed the Nemesis Act of 2083. The act states that “[] any one person may, if they deem it utterly necessary and see no other form of resolution, take the life of one other whom they consider it unavoidable to do so. This measure may only be taken once in any individual's lifetime.”  Of course, this came with its own rules and stipulations; but the takeaway is that once in your lifetime you are – legally – allowed to murder another human being with virtually no questions asked. DNA taken, name ticked off the list, and sent on your merry way.
	
*Just another way to lower the spiralling population…* Jacobs had thought to himself, as he closed the frosted glass door behind him and sparked up his next lungful of burning cancer. Stuffing his hands into his pockets and taking in the chill of the winter air, he started down the street.


When the Act first began to be widely accepted, it was fairly simple to control. Mostly broken lovers and angry parents, removing those who had hurt them or their loved ones from society. Most had taken to the solution in a surprisingly positive light. Of course this kind of overarching ruling will always open avenues for those who would bend and shape the law for their own means.


For the last two years, the black-market killings had skyrocketed. A simple, almost legal assassination program. It was mostly university alumni. Post-grads who needed to pay off their loans – an increasingly important act for anybody who would like to own their own property someday. 

*But the real issue is that everybody is desperate for money. And eventually, everybody will do what is necessary to survive, or live to their acceptable comfort.* Flashing his badge and sliding under the yellow tape, Jacobs made his way to the saloon door.

“I hope they’ve got some whisky in there…” He muttered as he swung open the door, seeing the body of a man he knew as Senator Lewis. Championed as a man of truth and justice, the Senator had many enemies in the criminal underworld. His controversial *Reversal* bill saw to remove the Nemesis Act from circulation and return murder to the highest level of crime – citing the bill as barbaric and medieval.  

“Clear case,” said one of the officers, “Nemesis killing. Lady says he assaulted her. Had the balls to show up in her place of work.” He tapped away on his data slate, copying the statement given. Jacobs looked up across the bar, to see a girl no older than 18. Tear-swept mascara down her glowing cheeks. 
	
“Clear case.” He repeated, moving around the body and toward the bar. Her expression was stunned – staring straight ahead with no recognition of Jacobs. He leant over the bar, grabbing a glass and the free-standing bottle of Laphroaig from the counter. Slumping into the stool next to her he poured the smokey single malt, eyeing it up like a predator. “So, he touch you?” He sighed, knocking back the glass before pouring more.

She stared at the body. Not blinking. 

“Yeah… I… He hurt me.”