I was in the middle of some quality beauty sleep over the pacific when it happened. I woke up to the sounds of wonderment, hushed voices filled with the tone of a child learning something amazing for the first time. I looked around the cabin, and everyone was glued to their windows; looking up. I was in an aisle seat, but I could already see what they were all whispering about. 

The sky seemed to be on fire. Little moving points of light fell downwards. The night sky was dancing. I remembered drawings of meteor showers from days of old, when there weren't cameras to take pictures of them, and I was filled with the exact same wonderment infecting the cabin. The soothing voice of Carl Sagan filled my head, saying "Billions and Billions", and it was easy to imagine that the rest of the world felt the same, staring out at the sky in amazement, all unified for one moment in our plight. 

I was staring out at the sky again, not close to going to sleep again but not really annoyed by that fact, when the second happening happened. The hushed whispers turned panicked as the other passengers started to notice that the water, perfectly illuminated by the light show outside, was covered in bubbles and seemed to be boiling. 

I hadn't built enough of a rapport with my aisle-mates to lean on them to look further out the window. I tried to tune out the whisperings and just enjoy the show in the sky, when a loud crack rang through the world. 

A shadow went up over the dancing lights. Wings on a colossus bulk stretched out, and Cthulhu dreamt no more. 

The whispers turned to shrieks, screams, and cries. Dread fell upon the cabin, and I tried to remember the specifics of Revelations. I wasn't really religious, but the apocalyptic portion of the bible was interesting reading no matter who you were. I was on my way to deciding that I would join a death cult and swear my fealty to Cthulhu if I ever made it out of here alive, when the shadow grew closer. 

With great leaps and bounds the glowing sea began to shimmer and dance as well. I tried to let the pleasing symmetry comfort me. The shadow grew closer, surrounded on all sides by dancing light. I stared out the window, and soon felt nothing at all. 

___
/r/Periapoapsis