Log Horizonesque style from me.

There was finally an update. The game had gone for more than three months without one, which was the longest lull in content since the release of the expansion. I had capped out my character at ilvl 1000 already, so I had stopped playing. They finally announced that the cap was going to be raised.

I loaded up the game, waiting eagerly for the time to hit 3:00:01. The servers came up. My character, Camilla, was a level 100 Sentinel, the most defensive tank class of all. She was equipped with a laser blade and a force shield that nullified a percentage of all damage. It truly was the ultimate tank class in the day. I wondered if the new patch changed that.

"Login," I whispered to myself as I clicked it. There was a delay. It looked like not all the servers were up yet. I was the first in queue.

The screen turned black. Everything then turned to white as the world filled in my screen. Strange, I did not see the edge of the monitor. I turned my head. The camera moved with-

Wait. That is not the camera. I looked up and saw the vast blue sky. A white cloud passed as a black speck was visible in the distance.

BOOM. Something suddenly exploded behind me. I turned to look at it. A statue was shattered. The head rolled over to my foot. I recognized the face. That long hair. Those large almond shaped eyes. The full lips. It was all on the head of Camille.

The three winged bats flew off into the distance. Bats? In the middle of a city? That made no sense.

Someone suddenly grabbed me from behind and turned me around. "Lady Camille!" he shouted.

It was a bearded man with the title of <Merchant>. It was Klaus, the merchant in Centoria that sold healing potions. His beard had turned white since the last time I saw him. "Thank the savior," Klaus cried as he fell to his knees.

As I looked down at him, I saw what had happened. My body had changed. That black form fitting bodysuit. The silvery white blade on my hip. The round metal disc that sat on my left forearm. I was no longer myself. I was Camilla.

"What's going on?!?" I shouted.

Even though it was not addressed to Klaus, Klaus answered. "In the years you were gone, the Black Beast has returned!" Klaus cried.

The Black Beast was the central villain of the story. It was like a cerberus with wings. The bat creatures from before were likely its new minions, replacing the miniature Hell Hounds that it employed before.

I looked all around. The city was nothing like I recognized. It had gone from the dark ages to what seemed like a early nineteenth century city. The story said that the seal placed on the Black Beast should have lasted a hundred years. "What year is it?" I asked.

"It is the year seven forty two," Klaus answered.

That could not be right. The game was only supposed to advance in time like in real life. At most I should have only been gone for those months. Yet according to Klaus, it had been more than ten years. Did they change the formula for the weekly resets?

"Please you have to help us," said Klaus.

"What happened to everyone else?" I asked.

"Gone," said Klaus. "About a year ago, almost everyone just vanished."

That lined up with the maintenance time. It did not look like anyone else was returning. I pulled out the blade that I kept attached to my hip. "Stay away from me," I said as I ran out into the open.

I saw the three Black Bats turn around for another shot at me. I saw the distance indicator appear. Fifty meters. They were traveling at about four meters per second. I counted to myself. Ten... nine...

The bats got closer. Two... one... I threw my shield towards them. It was the basic skill of a Sentinel, Shield Throw. It would bounce off all targets within an indicated range, stunning them for a second. Their health dropped into the red zone from a single strike. It looked like their strength did not increase by much from the patch.

That stun was enough for the bats to lose their momentum and fall. I ran as fast as my legs could carry me. It did not feel unusual. In fact, it felt like I had been in this body all my life. That would not be wrong either considering the amount of time I dedicated into this game. 

I swung my blade horizontally. A wide, crescent shaped beam flew across, cutting the bodies of the Black Bats. The Black Bats vanished into smoke. The smoke then dissipated.

"Our savior has returned!" Klaus shouted as he ran up to me.

Then, windows started to open and people who were hiding everywhere all suddenly began to rush me. I recognized some of the names and faces, but there were too many. Hundreds of them. "Our savior has returned!"

It was like a bunch of old friends seeing one of their own after a long time. Yet, they had no idea who I was. I had no idea what was going on, but I needed to find out.