I've just gone ahead and ignored the part about me having a crush on them  
\-----------------

I felt dizzy, like i just rode the worldst longest and trippist rollercoaster in the world. I couldnt see right, everything was blurry and fuzzy. When my vision returend i saw a skeleton in a black robe alongside a red figure sitting across a table. What? Have i died? I merely went to sleep, i cant possibly have died, can i?

"Sorry pal, but your friend chose a 2v2 game." The red figure calmly told me.

My who did what now? I look to the right only to see my best friend Daniel, alive and well, sitting right there, looking at me with a smile that expressed a mixture of 'Sorry' and 'Nice to see you again'. People should not look that good after they have died in a violent car crash a day ago.

"Daniel? You are.."

"Alive, yep. Well, not really. I died. And now im dead. And if i win this, im going to heaven! And so will you, eventually! So im doing both of us a huge favour basically!"

"Wha- you- alright. What the ACTUAL ASS IS GOING ON HERE!?"

The skeleton, previously slouched over, now regained its composure and stared directly at me. In a suprisignly human voice he said "Your friend Daniel here has died, as you know. He has requested a duel to proof he is worthy of going to heaven and has chosen you as his teammate. If you win, Daniel will go to heaven and you will be sent back to earth to live your life and, eventually, also be sent to heaven once you die. On the contrary, if you lose, both of you will go to hell immediatly."

I was speechless. "Uhm.. okay." I said that, but really, i wasn't okay. It was like asking a kid how he was doing in school. The always say its 'Good' but it never is.

"You fucking dick! I might be going to hell because of you! And i didn't even believe in hell like 2 minutes ago!"

"I know what you're thinking bro, but listen, we've got this! I chose the perfect game for both of us!"

"Oh did you now? And what would that be?"

"Brawlhalle you dumbass, i know you're good at this!"

That was a suprise. Yeah i was good at it, but how good was Satan at it, or the physical embodiment of Death? It can't possibly be this easy to go to heaven, just winning a game of brawlhalla.

"Alright. Can we start already?" Satan said in an annoyed voice. "I have souls to torture!"

"And i have lives to take, so lets start" Death exclaimed. Before i know it we are sitting on a couch with a huge TV in front of us, and i feel sort of dizzy again.

"Wait, why do i have a controller, give me a keyboard, i suck with controller!" I was never really someone to use controllers since i have always been a PC gamer. Having to use a controller would spell out certain doom for me and Daniel.

"Fine" Satan said, snapping his fingers and swapping my PS4 controller with a keyboard. **My** keyboard. At least he was fair and gave me something i knew, something i was familier with.

I was conflicted on who i should pick. The only candidates for me were Dusk, Mordex and Wu Shang. I mained Wu Shang for quite a while so im going to go with him. I glance at what the other chose. Daniel picked Ember. Of course. Was he really trying to beat Satan with spamming his side signature?

Speaking of.. he picked Cross. And Death picked Azoth. I really shouldn't be suprised, but somehow i still was.

"Are you guys serious? Cross and Azoth?"

They looked over at me like they were about to kill me. Quitly i leaned back into the couch and stared at the screen, waiting for someone to start the game. The map that was chosen was Shipwreck falls. Good map, i can't be mad at that.

Not even 10 seconds into the game and Daniel already used his side sig twice. Oh boy.

It was a tense battle. Stock after Stock we took them down like our lives depended on it- which they did. And finally, it was only me, Death and Satan. Daniel was out, but i can still win this for both of us. We are all down to our last stocks, but they're health bar was already red while mine was merely yellow. This is it. This is the ultimate tryhard moment.

"We're in the endgame now" I said while running at them with my gauntlet out, hitting them with a down air, followed up by a side air, a gravity cancel into a neutral sig and.. i did it. They both flew out of the screen right them and there.

"YEEEES!! HOLY FUCK WE DID IT!" We were both so happy at what we just accomplished. A reserved place in heaven? Hell yes! I can only imagine what heaven was like. The absolute paradise. Infinite weed, snacks and games. But before i could relish that thought any longer, i was pulled back into my bed, feeling dizzy yet again. And i knew that wasnt a dream. That happened. One day i will see you again, Daniel, and i will thank you for this. You absolute madlad!