I have taken part in many exorcists. As you may imagine, I have seen nightmares you could never dream of, removed daemons straight frontline worst possible nightmares and have spoken to the devil himself. Yet I can assure you it is not these cases which cause my hand to shake as I write my life story. It is not these stories which cause me to spend countless sleepless nights without relief. No there is a certain case which rests of me heavily; which still haunts my humble frame. It it's this torrid tale I will recount to you today. 

It started off like any other case. A phone call in the middle of the night from a distraught friend or family member. They describe the symptoms; change in behaviour, imaginary friends, split personality. It was all so ordinary, so routine till now. And as I headed down the pebble lane to the flat in question at the dead of night I had no cause for concern. I once say a season remove a young girls head and stick it back on as if it was velcro. I had became blunted by the experience; nothing worried me. 

I was greeted by the tear stained face of a young man at the door. It was him who had called. He had been living with the boy in question alongside five other boys from University. It was more common than you think; teenager often partook in activities which attracted spirits of the night.

Yet as he lead me inside, a shiver spread down my spine. At this stage I am not sure if that shiver was due to fear or just a sense that something was deeply strange about the case. Firstly the house was very tidy, immaculate in every sense. This was deeply strange. Often possessions cause their victims to cause damage to their house; to trash it if you will.

Then there was the religious memorabilia. Every corner and wall was adorned with the crucifix. This should deeply unsettle the possessed as it was the image of the enemy. So why was it here? It was not like university students are known for their purity. I gave the boy leading me through the house a searching look but all I got in return was what can only be describe as a look of pure terror. 

What was going on? 

I entered the living room where the possessed was being stored. From this moment on, I knew something was deeply, deeply wrong. First he was dressed in an immaculate suit, as if headed for church. In one hand he had a cup of tea, the other a self-help faith based book. His hair was freshly combed with not a single strand out of place. He looked up at me and for the first time in my entire professional life, a bright from erupted across his face. 

 "Hello, John did not tell me we were going to have visitors or I would have tidied it a bit. You must think I'm such a mess. Goodness, he has not even offered you a cup of tea! Where are his manners? Would you like want one, our honoured guest." He spoke in a pleasant sing-song voice, miles away from the gruff, gravelly voice I had grown accustomed to.

I was left breathless, what was I meant to do? This had never happened before and I get totally blind. "Hello Matthew. How are you feeling?" I asked, trying to buy some time. 

 "Blessed. Totally blessed. Isn't it great just to be alive? To see all of his creation? To truly experience it?" He asked.

 " it certainly is. " I lied. When you do what I do for a along as I  have, you realise that God doesn't care too much about us. But like a jigsaw clicking into place, I understood what was going on.

 "Can I speak to him please? " I asked politely. 

 " Who? God? You can speak to him everyday through the power of prayer. I urge you to, if you want to save your soul. " the pleasant attitude was seriously starting to emerge me. 

 "I think you know who I want to speak to, Matthew." I tried to keep my voice in control and not wobble in fear. Surprisingly it worked; a darkness flashed across his eyes and a new inhabitant of Matthews body came forward to talk.

 "Hello, I've been expecting you." The voice was like nectar, heavenly in tone. It was like the voice of the sirens. It was like the voice of an angel. 

 " why are you here? " I asked.

 A deep grown spread across Matthew's features, deeply confused. "Do you not want me here?" He said, hurt in his voice.

 " But why? " I asked. " Daemons come here to escape the fiery furnaces of hell; to escape the everlasting pain. But what are you escaping from? You have heaven. Streets of gold, your wishes at your fingers, cities of clouds. Why leave? " I asked in frustration, trying to understand the situation. 

 "Pain. The world has so much pain. So much death, destruction and pain. So much pain. God has grown depressed. We were his project, we have failed." Tears streamed down Matthews cheeks as he explained his situation. " I came to help. Spread the good news, try to save you all. It's that or God starts afresh. New planet, new people. " he finished his spiel with that deeply chilling warning. 

 "How can you do that all by yourself. Matthew is no-one special. He is just one person. How can you save the world with one person?" I asked. 

 " Jesus did. " was the reply. 

A deep silence blanketed around the room. I thought through my options. All my gear in the briefcase was useless; he would be attracted to the cross, not scared by it. How was I meant to scare an angel with God. 

The answer was blindingly obvious. Leave him. Yes Matthew won't be the same but thats a sacrifice that had to be made. The worst that could happen is he would become a priest. Maybe even the Pope one day. But he would harm no-one so was there an reason to try and extract the angel? Looking back, I just wanted an easy escape. I was deeply, deeply afraid. 

I got up to leave but John who had led me in grabbed my arm incredibly tightly. He gave me a look of pure terror, begging me not to leave. 

 "Yes I know you've lost a drinking friend but there is no reason I can see for trying to remove this angel..." I tried to explain my intentions but was interrupted immediately. 

 "Did you hear about the Bridgefield ripper?" He missed at me. 

 The question perplexed me. The Bridgefield ripper had been a murderer who had stabbed six people last month before he himself had been found brutally stabbed in Parsons green last week. What did that have to with anything? 

My answer was given by a silent nod from John towards Matthew, unwilling to look at his once friend. "He did it. He killed him." He whispered, his eyes wet with tears.

 But why? 

The sweet sing-song voice have me the answer I was looking for. 

 "An eye for an eye..."

I spun around to see Matthew staring right at me, a bright from stretched across his face. "I'm old testament I'm afraid." 

 Suddenly the unassuming boy became even more sinister. His eyes glowed yellow and the voice deepened to become more commanding, like God himself. 

 " Which reminds me, have you ever sinned? "

 