Humanity had long forgotten its cradle when they asked me to die, but I still remembered Earth as vividly as an infant does his mother's caress. I'd traveled to many planets and colonies throughout my lifetime, many beautiful and exotic in their own unique way, but none of them ever seemed to satisfy my longing for that beautiful sapphire of grass and dirt. 

Its fiery explosion is still burned in my memories, the screams of anguish as we fled on our ships still drowning out many thoughts I have. Maybe that's why my generation frowned on living forever. Maybe that's why they looked to death as a wonderful sleep. They couldn't run away from the memories, the image of Earth shattering like a broken plate and swallowing along with it the snow-white moon. 

I don't really blame them... sometimes I can barely handle the thoughts myself. Still, I have keep going. No matter what this society says. No matter what the voices say. If no one remembers Earth, then its my burden... No, my duty to keep it alive, at least in my head.

I lost track of how many years I've lived. Maybe three thousand, or perhaps ten, time loses its significance when you reach my age... Whatever it is. Not enough, I'd argue, but the Federation would say otherwise. They first approached me a century ago, on a little planet I'd settled in because of its likeness to Earth. It didn't feel the same, though. The wind didn't blow the right way, the sun didn't reflect the same on the watery horizons, heck, even the blades of grass felt different when crushed under my wrinkled feet. 

Regardless of its shortcomings it still brought me peace to live there, until some men from the Galactic Federation visited me on a hot, summer afternoon. Enjoying a crossword puzzle on my wooden balcony, I heard a knock on my front door. Frankly, I was a little bit surprised since my children had long chosen death and what little family identifies with my bloodline barely gives any thought to my existence. That still didn't buffer my disappointment when I saw it was some young men asking to come inside.

"You've lived too long" they said. "Think of the precedent you're setting here."

"Precedent?" I replied. "What precedent? I'm not bothering anyone! All I do is live out my days here in solitude and write!"

"Unfortunately, you've become a figurehead for some rebellious elements. They say that no one should die, and that your life is an example of how wonderful living is."

"What? That's preposterous! Sure, some people follow my writings but I could barely say they listen to me. All I do is retell stories from when humanity was young! What harm could come from that?!?"

"The collapse of our society, you old relic! The Federation can barely handle our current population. Could you imagine what would happen if no one died? Sure aging isn't a thing anymore, but we still need food! We still need supplies! Legally, we can't force you to die, but if you make an enemy of the Federation, we won't stop pushing you until you wish you were dead."

They certainly kept that promise. My new home, the piece of Eden I'd carved out for myself, was desecrated until I could no longer bear it. Its luscious green forests brunt to ashes, its wildlife poisoned to extinction, and even its beautiful blue atmosphere was twisted into a sickening green tint. I couldn't live there anymore... I couldn't lose another Earth. And so I fled. Colony to colony, star system to star system, I've escaped the Federation's clutches for a century now. 

They think they can wear me out. They think I'll eventually give in, but they couldn't be more mistaken about my resolve. Now that they've hunted me, taken extreme lengths to torture my continued existence, they've made an enemy out of me. Now, I'm bringing the fight to *them*. I'll keep spreading my message, my memory of Earth and how wonderful humanity can be. 

Some might argue we're not built for this, that humans shouldn't live forever, but I will prove them wrong. I'll live 'till the stars fade out and electrons get tired of jumping around. I'll be the person to stare entropy in the face and shout:

"To deny life is to deny humanity and the existence of beauty in the universe. We were alive, and the experiences we created are eternal, no matter what you have to say." 

>If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!