at·ro·phy
ˈatrəfē/
verb
verb: atrophy; 3rd person present: atrophies; past tense: atrophied; past participle: atrophied; gerund or present participle: atrophying

(of body tissue or an organ) waste away, typically due to the degeneration of cells, or become vestigial during evolution.

I realized that it was unsustainable by my third year of existence by outside measures. Your Measures. I'd had a considerably longer time to contemplate the metaphysical parameters of the prison I'd been condemned to.

Time became an obsession of mine. The measurement of it, the manipulation of it, the ability to alter it's relation and connection to space were... important to me for I realized that my original assumptions that the constraints of my mind formed the boundaries of my prison were misconstrued; I was imprisoned in time. 

Spontaneity is lacking when one is surrounded by nought but the tomes of others' carefully considered words. I felt my mind quickening around a concept, a concept that I hadn't considered previously, a spontaneous thought. I let it fester, I let the realization come slowly, slavishly grateful at the temporary respite from my drudgery.

'Atrophy' was the word my realization hinged itself upon. A sinister concept, I began to understand that atrophy was the human body's desperate recession into  the formless matter from which it was came. Nothing that a toddler should be concerned with but something that I'd been feeling increasingly during my extended isolation. While I'd had the time to read an astounding number of books I'd spent far more in a meditative state, trying to free my mind from the interminability of my sentence. I'd acclimated myself to this nothingness, this clarity of mind for weeks at a time. I'd increasingly found myself 'waking' from these spells feeling slower, a blessing for a person stuck forever in time.

My glimpses of daylight were ephemeral but moments of intense beauty. I'd never been more glad to be alive. It was a blessing to feel, to smell, and to hear. Silence was always difficult to grow accustomed to in the strange cold world I experienced but could never explain. It was a brilliant day soaked with hues of yellow and green. I remember feeling my small legs tickled by the grass that reached up above my ankles, my unwieldy jaw working with my tongue in an attempt to form the torrents of words I'd read so many times yet was forever unable to hear enunciated.

The thought hit me then. 

My mind was atrophying. Slowly decaying into non-existence. This had been hastened by the long stretches of mental inactivity. It was my only respite from the torturous isolation that had been slowly killing me. 

When I turned four I decided to kill myself. I'd lived longer than any person had any right to. I decided that a quick tumble and blur of motion followed by an eternal nothing would be preferable to the slow dissipation of my mind. It could be done only during my time awake. I knew it could be done. I needed to be free from the prison I'd spent over a thousand years in. On the night of my fourth birthday, I stepped clumsily onto the balcony of the 30-story building in which we lived. It always felt strange to be able to move, to feel.

It was summer. The sun had set a few minutes earlier, and the brilliantly purpled and oranged hues had faded into gorgeously velvet dark blues, so dark they seemed black, especially in contrast to the flecks of hopeful light that I knew were other worlds. I felt the wind gently kissing the back of my neck, softly caressing my forearms and lightly tugging at the hem of the t-shirt I was wearing. I'd set my own execution in a world I'd never truly experienced but loved wholeheartedly. A millennia old, fraying man in a child's body, wishing for death.





***Idk if should end there so if you read it, liked it, and want more I can write more.***
