I had been anxiety-ridden for weeks now, but it wasn’t until the night of the wedding that it all came into perspective. I never really could stand up to my father, even as a kid he would push me around, and threaten me with a belt whenever I dared to talk back. My mother usually stopped him from doing anything rash, but that was moot after she passed. I sat on my bed, half-dressed, remembering her with fondness, how she used to always bake cookies for me and my friends whenever they were over, and the sound of her voice that would save me from my impending father. 

Suddenly there was a booming knock on my door. “Jason!” *knock* *knock* *knock* “Jason! Open up!”

“Coming dad!” He continued knocking as I opened the door.

“Where have you been? We’re all waiting down stairs for the pictures.” He said, with an anger of someone stuck in 
traffic during rush hour. Compared to his actual road rage this was quite mild.

“Yeah, sorry, I’m still getting ready.”

“Well, hurry up we’re paying the photographer by the hour you know.”

“I’ll be right down.”

He slammed the door and I retired to the chair by the bed. I looked straight ahead and saw out the window. It was a warm summer day. The trees were green, birds were chirping, and the garden by the church across the street was blooming with roses. The idea of freedom seemed more sweet than ever at this moment. I could hear my dad downstairs, getting people in place for pictures. It was at this moment that I planned my escape. I tore off the sheets from the bed and started tying them together. I was only on the second story, so I figured I’d only need a few sheets. Once I was sure I had a secure not, I tied one end to the bedpost and flung the out the window. I climbed out and began to repel off the wall.

On my way down I heard someone breathing quite heavily adjacent to me. I looked over and saw my fiance, Sara, climbing down with a similar makeshift rope to mine.

“Sara!” I said in a yelling whisper.

“Jason? What are you doing?”

“Same as you I guess.”

We both hit the ground and walked toward each other.

“Why are you leaving?” She said, likely knowing the response.

“I’m sorry, It’s just… you’re a great girl and all but… I don’t...”

“No,I get it, I feel the same way, my mom forced me into this, she thinks I’m ‘too old’ to not be married, I mean, I’m only 25. But I guess I never really could say no to her.”

“Yeah, I feel the same way about my dad. Why do we let them control like this?”

“I don’t know, but it feels good to finally rebel for once.”

We connected right then and there, over our mutual hatred of our parents. We found ourselves bonded over what drove us to seperate. Quite an ironic way to meet the love of my life.


Hey guys, thanks for reading! This is my first post here and my first time I've made a piece of writing public. I would appreciate any and all feedback, I'm a total noob at this and would love to know any way I can improve. 
Edit: added spaces between paragraphs