this story goes a little everywhere so I apologize.  I didn't want to stop writing.  *****I went over the max characters!!! Have to do another post :(


It was supposed to be a quick one.  In and out, just like how Silas said.  The place was supposed to be abandoned, unused in the sprawling wasteland that was the dying city.  Everyone was closing up and moving out, leaving their homes and businesses as empty shells of what they once were... or at least almost empty.  

Silas had picked him up just about a year ago and recruited him into the ranks of his other scroungers.  They'd go alone or sometimes pair up to break into the boarded-up buildings to scrape up whatever food and valuables were left.  At first he thought it was a good deal, like all of them did; You break in to that which is already broken, nobody gets hurt and you ditch with whatever you can.  In return Silas would feed and shelter them.  The military was forced to put most of the state into lockdown with the worsening violence.  They'd try to help civilians as needed but there was heavy distrust.  It was too dangerous for the soldiers to move into the state without being killed, and those left who wanted out were too afraid they'd be shot on sight by trigger happy soldiers.

The deal had gone sour in the last couple of months now that food was getting hard to come by.  The military was a pack of wolves prowling the streets and their rifles were their teeth.  From where they slept in the subway tunnels they could hear the growling of the tanks in night and the screaming.  The screaming never stopped.  More and more of them weren't coming back on these trips, and now the group was down to just eight plus Silas.  Nick was the second oldest behind Oliver, but Oliver had been seen by the military and they'd chased him down and gotten their claws into him before he could escape.  They lost Alice that night, and Oliver with his leg being the way it was was useless.  It was definitely broken after he had been forced out a second story window and was all swollen and shiny now.  His fever was getting bad and he couldn't keep anything down.  Silas said that if he didn't improve, he was going to drag him down the tunnels and put him down.  

Nick wasn't the kind to be vocal, learning early-on that being the wallflower of the group didn't make him many friends but it kept him alive in the long run.  He was observant.  William had gotten his head blasted off in his first week, too excited about finding a food stash in an old warehouse to notice a tripwire laced up to a shotgun one of the drugged up residents had left to protect their belongings.  The sound attracted the residents who chased them down with knives and broken bottles.  Silas had been furious beyond words and had severely beaten him and the other kids he had been sent with for not only losing someone, but for not returning with anything.  The man had once been a savior to them, someone who took them in and taught them how to survive.  Now he was the monster that held their chains, never satisfied with what little they could bring back.  Always hungry, always hungry.  He'd bait new kids in with promises and reward them the first couple times with extra food, but when they started getting used to it the chain would go from being an assurance of protection, something that glittered and sparkled; To a vice that strangled the breath from them, demanding blood.  

Silas wasn't the only monster out there.  There were some creeps who had taken advantage of the lack of government control and fear in the remaining civilians.  Stories about murders and mutilation in secret and in open streets had been circulating since this shit first started.  There was little risk of punishment as long as you killed anyone who got too close.  One guy who had just been killed used to be a teacher.  Found himself taking care of students who's parents had never made it back to them.  After a while food started getting harder to come by.  Gangs were stealing every supply they could and controlling the streets.  If you didn't have firepower, you weren't going to eat.  One by one, the kids started disappearing and nobody noticed until one of them escaped and found some decent people to help him.  This bastard who was trusted to protect these kids had become a butcher.  Driven mad by hunger and his own twisted head, he had been killing them off one by one and cooking them in the large scale kitchen in the old elementary school.  Sickened, a group of civilians came together and cornered him in the school.  They wanted justice but the best they could do was kill him.  The remaining children had grown older since then but Nick knew that things like that would always haunt you.  It never went away.  

Somehow, even with a shortage of food there was always an abundance of drugs.  Junkies infested the dirtiest corners of the city and whatever they were using was eating their brains.  Meth or bath salts, it didn't matter, the outcome was the same; Violent, desperate people who weren't afraid if you were armed because they'd shoot first anyway.  Pimps recruited young boys and girls, bribing them with food and drugs to get them to do what they wanted.  Money wasn't something of value here anymore, but people could be.  They were passed around and used as casually as the shitty cigarettes Silas rolled and smoked constantly.  He was no better.  Silas might not have necessarily been in the business of selling their bodies, but he certainly used them however he pleased so he'd keep himself out of danger.  It didn't mean he wouldn't dip in to pleasure every so often with whoever he could 'convince'.

Nick had been very lucky so far that his observation skills were keeping him alive and out of Silas' grasp thus far.  He was finding just enough to feed the monster.  Just enough to avoid Silas' anger and threats of culling.  He'd seen it before but knew enough to keep his mouth shut.  Don't say anything about what you saw.  Don't tell anyone and you might live.  It always ate at him, swallowing him up from the inside.  The little beast that was making his skin draw into his ribs and tighten around his hipbones.  Food was rarely more than a few mouthfuls a day when they were lucky.  Most of it went to Silas.  His 'cut' for keeping them all safe.  It meant he didn't have to go out often, and they'd have to bring their treasures back to the tunnels.  He always knew if someone was lying, even if they didn't.  He always knew when someone was holding out on him or if they'd eaten whatever food they'd found before coming back, even if they hadn't.  Silas would go as far as to check their breath, even taste some of the girls if he didn't believe them.  If they were caught or suspected, Silas would force them to throw up and beat them.  One of his favorite punishments had been to lock someone in the old trunk he liked sleeping with his feet on top of for a few days and letting them out when they had 'learned'.  Phoebe and Tom had been siblings and had been the youngest in the group.  They were already starving when they'd been 'convinced' to join, and Nick couldn't blame them when they'd eaten what they'd found.  Silas hadn't been so understanding.  He'd forced some mixture of old booze into them to make them sick and locked them in the trunk.  If he'd been angry then, he was enraged when he opened the trunk the next morning to find them both dead.  Oliver said they'd been too young and had lost two of his teeth to Silas for his comments.  The children had been dragged down into the blackness of the abandoned tunnels and forgotten.

It kept him up at night.  He had caught his reflection in a mirror not long ago and didn't recognize himself.  Once he was 15, with skin the color of coffee with milk and dark hair he preferred to tame with crunchy gel before school.  His mom would make lunches for him and his brother and his dad would always be at his soccer games, no matter how busy things were at the office.  Now he was 19, and his eyes were outlined with evidence of his insomnia.  His hair was too long and fell around his shoulders, constantly either oily from lack of washing, or dry as straw from scrubbing with whatever cleaner he could find, be it shampoo, dish soap or floor cleaner.  Pine Sol hadn't been a good idea.  It'd left him scratching his scalp raw but at least he smelled good for a few days.  

His brother, Kris, would have been 12 now.  Nick tried his hardest not to think too much about it.  His life before was a distraction and it was over.  Silas gave everyone the same speech when things had first started, and honestly it was one of the few things that he had taught them that probably kept them alive.  School was a thing of the past.  Family dinners.  Mom taking care of him when he was sick.  Grandparents visiting for the holidays... it was like a distant dream now.  It might as well have never happened; He couldn't remember their faces now anyway.  He tried not to at least.  

