It had been a few years in, staying young and then I found them. The one. My perfect person.

But time is a real bitch.

People grow cold, no matter how passionate or consummate their love. Love will seem like less and less because the same day-in day-out constant is dull. It's psychology.

It was insidious, like a cavity. Innocuously less and less till there was discomfort then pain. Then the soul eating hollow and continuous ache.

It was enough to go through with it after a few years. My decision was passed further by the accompanying white hairs.

I had one bright thought: immortality. The rest was mottled and dark. The desire of living that eternity without jail time led me to think long and hard. And finally I did kill them. Clearly an accident. Clearly a mistake of judgement.

After the perfunctory investigation turned up no foul play I was left alone with myself.

A funeral later, I was left alone. People had crushed me from all sides through the wake. Intent on conveying their concern or sorrow. It felt odd to come home to the empty flat.

It was strange to find it so quiet. There was the sensation of something missing as I set my keys in the bowl at the door. I leaned back against the door, tettering with the realization that it was their absence I felt.

Worse yet, I could still smell them. I didn't expect the forlorn notes to play such havoc on my mind.

It's never how we plan it. The love I thought would give purpose to my life or a reason to accept death in exchange for that perfect union of hearts. Nor did I plan to sift through their things, vision blurring with suddenly wet eyes.

Or crumple in the nothing surrounding me in all the comforts of my own house. It wasn't home now.

I left early in the morning, the day and all it's effects shot by. Time seemed compressed but the moment the keys clacked in the bowl time groaned to a near halt and brain kept going at break neck speed.

Weeks of blurred together days started my ill-gained mmortality. Days were spent avoiding the house. Nights made it my prison. I couldn't sleep, even though I was so tired. Though I tried to look toward the future the memories walled me in.

How did I forget their smile when it was so clear now? Or their image when I knew that I had to spend my life at their side. The sound of their voice, those soft tones as we exchanged quiet 'I love you's in intimate moments. Images, colors, sounds, smells raced in my mind when I had a moment's peace.

Torment followed. I was losing weight and whenever I caught myself in a mirror it had grown ghastly. I wasn't supposed to be aging but there were more white hairs and bags under my eyes. Yet I didn't care or notice.

Something else utter consumed me: my Love. The person, the feeling, the memories and the revelation of my obsession.

I was alone. Even in the company of others. No matter how I thrust myself into society the end result was desolation and remorse.

I'd never feel that again. I'd forgotten it in the moment. Excused it as an everyday miracle. I had squandered my one and only soulmate.

And I couldn't live forever with that thought branded in the front of my mind.