“Ah, yes.”

Calvin Reese looked at the group, all clad in thick purple robes. On their heads were headpieces if a very unorthodox fashion, with large tendrils emanating out to the sides.

Reese continued to look at the group with bewilderment. What a peculiar question, what an unusual place to reside. Deep under the thick slabs of ice in Queen Maud Land. 

“...but you surely knew that.”

The unusual group laughed, and the leader spoke once again. He was the tallest, and most chiseled of the group. His skin had an unusual blueish tint to it, giving him a strangely ethereal quality.

“Of course we did. Has the New Age not begun yet?”

Reese’s fellow researchers twittered with anticipation and curiosity, leaving him to do the talking.

“What do you mean by this? Are you down here for refuge?”

They smiled, revealing teeth crafted out of a metallic material.

“Some oranges help others. We are the oranges, who shall surprise all by surviving the Great Frost, to see the New Age.”

He beckoned to his compatriots, one of which who went over to the wall and flipped open a panel, pressing down on several buttons.

Bright orchestral music filled the room.

“Prokofiev. “For The Love of Three Oranges”. Our anthem in this cold, citric wasteland.”

Clayton Olansky has been watching from the back, one of the four researchers who ventured the half-mile from Sonreir Post to this barren ice plain, and he had been jotting down notes the whole while. Now, he tapped Reese on the shoulder.

“Mr. Reese, this is government land, and these people should not be here. Period.”

He lowered his voice to a whisper.

“The embassies shall have to hear about this.”

Reese laughed, and punched Clayton in this face with all his might, breaking his glasses and drawing blood from his lip. He reeled back in pain, while the other three researchers split up to both restrain Reese and support Clayton.

“You bastard, what the fuck is wrong with you!?”

Clayton spluttered as he held his broken glasses together and attempted to stand.

The tall blue-tinted man tutted judgmentally.

“Oh, language, you fucking moron, language. I don’t tolerate cursing.”

Reese attempted to rush Clayton again, by trying to throw off his fellow researchers, who had firmly grasped his shoulders in an attempt to prevent any further injury.

“Reese, what the hell was that!?”

The tall blue-tinted orange produced a pistol loaded with citric acid, and vaporized the researchers.

“Oh, for the love of three oranges.”

An acolyte closed the hatch, and others got to work cleaning the pool of melted biological matter. Those were some strong oranges.