"Oh Shit! It's him!"  
The Crimson Cape quickly pulled his head back from the window. As quietly as possible, he made his way back to the two figures who were working on the vault door.  
"It's... the guy! I don't think he saw me, but we need to get out of here right now!"  
"What guy?" said the hulking man with the bladed boxing gloves as he turned his attention from the door to the Caped evildoer. The Box Cutter brow furrowed in thought for a few moments, his face suddenly turning pale. "Wait... you don't mean, THE guy, do you?"  
"Yes! That guy!" The Crimson Cape was staring towards the door of the bank with a look that was half horrified, half terrified. There was a clattering sound as Evil Mike dropped the tools he'd been using. 
 "Oh no, oh Hell no. I am not fighting that guy! You've heard the rumors right? About what he can do?" The Crimson Cape and the Box Cutter both nodded slowly, the severity of the situation suddenly sinking in.  
"They say if you try and fight him, he can just... erase you from history, completely, utterly gone. Unravels your entire life so that nothing you ever did ever happened and no-one will ever remember you. Have you heard of anyone that has ever challenged him?"  
The two villains shook their heads.  
"Exactly! Because anyone who ever tried to is erased!"  
The three were silent as they heard the front door to the bank being opened. The Box cutter risked a quick look around the door frame. "He's just standing there, in the lobby. Maybe, if we're quick, we could just run past him?"  
"Wait a moment..." The Crimson Cape's eyes suddenly darted around the room. "What if... what if one of us already tried that! What if he's already done the erasing thing to one of us! Remember when I said I didn't think three people was enough to rob the Central Bank? What if I said that because we originally brought another villain along and he's already erased them! What if we bought a whole pile of people along... and we're all that's left!"  
Evil Mike suddenly started for the door "Well I'm not going the same way as those guys." He walked through the door while trying to be as non-threatening as possible.  
"Hey... Guy! I surrender unconditionally!"  
The two remaining villains shot a brief glance at the other, then both simultaneously made a rush a rush for the door, fighting to be the next to surrender.