It'd been a long day at work and Jonathan's eyes were beginning to get that heaviness that came from staring at the road too long. Being a truck driver had it's ups and downs but mostly it was long, open roads with the cruise control set to 65 and the radio tuned to KAOS, the North Bay's only classical rock station (Classic rock music 24/7!). But Jon knew that when you're eyes say it's time to go to bed, then it's time to go to bed. Staying up could mean a car crash which would mean lots of paperwork, and also being fired, two of Jonathan's least favourite things.

As he pulled over to the one of the pit stops on the interstate, he decided he was going to have a healthy dinner tonight, instead of the classic McDouble he usually went for. He decided he would have a McChicken instead. He really didn't want to put on weight, and a combination of sitting on his ass all day, eating lots of fast food and the aging process meant that he'd really start packing on the pounds if he wasn't careful. Jonathan left the his the cab of his truck and started to make his way through the dark parking lot towards the golden arches, mouth already salivating at the thought of a greasy meal and Netflix session on his phone to end his night. While looking at the glowing M, Jonathan's head began to swim, and the light began to fragment into many smaller glowing lights. He stopped walking. "Am I having a stroke?" he thought to himself. He wasn't sure what to do if he was having a stroke, although he knew what to do if he was having a heart attack. He figured that he was more likely to have a heart attack due to his eating habits than he was to have a stroke. His family didn't really have a history of strokes and he was only 24, much too young to have a stroke. "Probably best to call someone", thought Jonathan as he turned to get the cellphone out of the cab. Except there was no cab anymore, it was just blurry blackness. He looked back at where the lights were supposed to be, but they too, were fading to black.

"He doesn't look all that intimidating."

He wasn't sure who that was. Male, probably 16 or so.

"Of course not, he... they can shapeshift."

Female? Maybe somewhere in their 20's? Jonathan hoped that they were cute. You don't find a lot of cute 20 somethings when you're a truck driver, and being 24 tends to put most of your truck buddies out of your age range by a margin. Of course, laying on the concrete of a pit stop McDonald's parking lot face down probably doesn't come off as suave, but maybe he could still salvage this. He just needed to open his eyes. And breathe. Normally that's a pretty automatic action but maybe the stroke made him unable to breathe. He'd be like Manual Samuel, flopping all over the place. That would really put a damper on his dating prospects. He hoped it was just the breathing thing. If it was, that would probably be manageable. Jonathan took a deep breath, then coughed.

"He's waking up! He's gunna eat us!"

There was that kid again. He didn't think he was overweight, but Jonathan knew that using the side mirror's on his cab might be distorting his actual size. Smaller than they appear and all that.

"No its-its fine. Swear you won't breathe a word of this to the archmagus Nathaniel. You have to promise me you won't say anything."

There was that girl again. And he knew the name of the kid too. Maybe his suave still had a chance. He just had to make a good first impression. Not counting the face down thing, which is hardly a first impression since he really wasn't participating in that, and was really more of a passive bystander.

"H̴̘̭̬̪̥̊̒͐̾̌͊͒͡ē̺͎̭͈̲̣̣̜͕̎̋̐̄̐͗̚͟͞͡y̛͍͙̹̫͔̞̬̐̆͒̽́̈͒͜ Ņ̡͖͉̥̣̇̾́̽̕͟͢ä̶͍͉̙́̈́̿̄́͘͟͢͝ţ͎͓̱̬̰̌́͆̋̓͗͟,̸̧̧̮͈͈̓̇͆͗͝ Ǐ̷͇̱̳̱̫͔͕͇̲͌͊͌̒̒̍'̶͙̳͓̥̮̯̇̑͒̈̐͛̽̌͘m̴̺̻̳̜͈̽̔̑̔̈ n̛̥̙̥̲̂̃̀̀͘̚͢͠ͅo̵̘̬͚̟͔̪͔͆͊̂̃͒͆̀̕̚͡ṭ̡̛͖̗͕́̐̔̉͗͐͞͠ͅ g̴͙̫̩̺͇̎̑̀̐͂͗͡ơ̵̧̭͚͍̞̲͔̝͗̎̈́̾̉͊͆͜ḯ̧͚̯͚̥̬͋͆́̀͂̄̚͘͟͡n̵̨̮̱̝̪͓̦͎͇̾̽͛́͊̀͘͝g̴̡̛͚̬̙͓̻̀͂͆͌̎̊͢͜ t̨̮̰̯̃̈̆̓̋̋͢͠͞͡ọ̝̤̗̖̥̾͆͊̂͋̔̀͜͜͠ e̸̖̟̺̙̣͕̞̓͂̀͊̾̐̓̽͘̚͟͟ȁ̤̥̥̩̟͖̬͗̿̓̒̋͌̔̽̅ẗ̸̛̰̺̬̮̜̰̙͓́̋͆̒̃̒̑͘ y̧̜͓͈̟͈̰͑̒͑̑̃ǫ̶̡̡̢̛͈̮̮͎̥̀̿́́̋u̴̢̨̞̘̝̦̖̱̻̘͌̎͊̓̌̌̎̾̾͘" Yea... that didn't come out right. Definitely something stuck in his throat. Jonathan coughed hard, like he was trying to push something out. He wasn't actually expecting anything to come out, and was shocked to find a large black glob of something expelled from his mouth. "UGHHHHHARRGGGHHHHH" This first impression thing wasn't going super great, but cheers to second chances.

"NATHANIEL, RUN NOW. I WILL HANDLE THE DEMON"

Welp, there goes second chances. Still, if he could only get back on his feet he could clear this whole thing up. Jonathan took an unsteady stab at standing, and wobbled his way to his full 5 feet, 8 inches only to come face to face with a somewhat cute-in-that-nerdy-way sort of girl, pointing some sort of white thing at his face with more white bits hanging off of it. If he didn't know better he'd say that was some sort of skeletal arm. And as his vision cleared, he realized he didn't know better, as this somewhat cute-in-that-nerdy-way sort of girl WAS in fact brandishing a skeletal arm at his face, with attached hands and phalanges. 

"Nolite facere... uhhhh," said skeletal arm girl, frantically attempting to both keep an eye on Jonathan, and at the same time flip through a musty book sitting on a pedestal of some sort. In fact, if Jonathan was more of a fantasy type guy he would have hazarded calling the book a tome, but he was more of a sci-fi geek and so he just mentally categorized it as a book. "Nolite facere stans! Uhhhhmmm, desistere sonitu! I mean sonus! desistere sonus!" Jonathan wondered if she was an immigrant of some sort. He wasn't a racist sort of guy, but he had an irrational bit of anger when people spoke to him in any language other than English. HR had told him to take special classes for it though, so he was getting better, and he gritted his teeth and put on his best smile.

"No, it's Jonathan. My names Jonathan, not sonar or whatever." He stuck his hand out in a customary hand shaking fashion but the woman just screamed and threw the skeletal arm at him. Jonathan hadn't really taken the full impact of a human skeleton arm being waved around in front of him until he took the full impact of the human skeletal arm into his human non skeletal arm. "Agh what the- what the fuck is wrong with you?!" Shit. He was taking classes for that too. But third time's the charm, right? Maybe he could still get off on a good foot with this girl. He just needed a grasp on the situation, which he didn't really feel like he had. He took a look around and for the first time in this prompt it dawned on him that he was no longer in a McDonald's pit stop parking lot but was in fact in some sort of medieval looking classroom. There was definitely a chalkboard and learning things, but it wasn't A B C's up on the walls. He saw some sort of strange writing that looked a little like russian writing mixed with japanese writing maybe? He just knew they weren't English letters. He saw bits and bobs scattered around the room; vials of glowing liquids and small fetishes, feathers and bones, and lots and lots of books. Or tomes, if he were a more versed kind of person. Which he wasn't, so he just thought that they were books. 

"I'm...I'm sorry, did you just say Jonathan?" said the girl, looking somewhat less frightened, but still somewhere on the frightened scale. Maybe a 4 or a 5 on the ol' fright scale.

"That's right, my name's Jonathan." He cranked his suave up to 11. An 11 on the suave scale was pretty high, but the scale actually goes to 15 so there's always more suave that could be done. "Truck driver for PhyCo food. And you are?" He stuck his hand out but found it already in the out stretched hand shaking position, causing him to just jolt forward a step. 

She flinched backwards a bit, and didn't reciprocate the handshake, but said "Rosalie. It's Rosalie." Her fright meter status was dropping, and was definitely being replaced by confusion, but Jonathan was hovering around a solid 5 for confusion. He wasn't really sure where he was or how he got here but he was going to keep his suave running at full gear until he figured out what was going on. 

"Hey, uhm, ya. So..." he put his hand down since his arm was getting tired, and he wanted all the blood in his brain for maximum query formulating abilities. Rosalie flinched a bit at the movement, so Jonathan made a mental note to do all his moving's at a much slower pace so as to not scare her. "You wouldn't happen to know where I am?"

"Oh. Oh! Yes!" The color returned to Rosalie's face and she stood up straight, also at a towering 5 feet, 10 inches causing her to just end up eye level with Jonathan. "I have summoned you here to Earth to do my bidding!" 

Jonathan's confusion meter rose a few notches. "Well, I was already on Earth, last I checked. In fact, I was just about to enter a McDonald's, which is about as Earth-y as you can get. I meant more this room. How did I end up in this room? I was passed out in the parking lot, last I remember."

"Well-uh. I... I summoned you to do my bidding, demon!" Jonathan's confusion meter dropped a couple notches, and his 'oh shit this person is crazy' alarm started quietly going off.