Typical day in the city. It's raining (of course), my train was late (of course), and the goddamned tourists are bumbling around like the pointless idiots they are, getting in everybody's way and generally making life shittier. It doesnt even make sense that there are so many in the rain, yet here they are, waving around their umbrellas like...I don't know what, but damn, it's annoying. I do not have time for their shit.

There's one way to navigate city transport. You have your fare card ready. If you must add money to it, act like you've used a fare card kiosk before, or have at least conducted a transaction ever before in your life. Be decisive about how much to add. Get out of the way. Get on the train. Sit, or stand if the fat, stupid tourists are taking up all the seats. Don't look at the other people. Don't make eye contact. Whatever you do, don't talk to the other people. They don't want to hear your stupid shit any more than you want to deal with the tourists. Assume nobody has time for your shit, because guess what? Nobody has time for your shit. Get out of the way. Get off at your stop. Get out of the way. Watch where you're poking your umbrella, and watch out for other people's umbrellas. This is what we do. This is how we go to work.

I'm doing the best I can given the shit I have to deal with from from this stupid crowd around me, trying to keep moving, just trying to get to work on time. I do not have time for this shit. I see- no, I smell him first, an actual shit stinking crazy-ass homeless person, lurching around making the day even better. He doesn't have an umbrella, so he's soaking wet, crashing into people, shouting and ranting like a goddamned lunatic, wasting everyone's time and making them late. 

I do not have time for this shit.

But of course, I accidentally make eye contact and this asshole lurches into me. I try to keep going, but this shit stinking guy has a death grip on me, he's cutting off circulation, knocks my umbrella out of my hand and I just can't avoid him.

"Have my glasses! I want you to have my glasses!" He's screaming into my face, gripping me, trying to shove his nasty-ass bum glasses in my face, his breath practically knocking me over. And then?

He dies. He just fucking keels over dead. 

He was hanging onto me, so I get dragged down by the sudden unsupported weight of his his body, just fall down in the rain, on the sidewalk with this dead guy. People side step us. I look at him. I look at these super important glasses. They're beat to shit and complete garbage now, but they actually were probably really nice once. The prescription looks like it's almost the same as mine. Impulsively, I try them on. 

Shit. They are the same prescription as mine. I look at the dead guy. I look up. People are just walking by us like there isn't a dead guy just sitting dead in his own shit in the rain. Tourists are taking up half the sidewalk snapping pictures of some crappy building. A cop idles pointlessly in a squad car across the road while taxis and nondistinct sedans crawl by. People are staying out of the way. They don't make eye contact. They're being decisive. They don't look at the other people. They don't talk to the other people. Get out of the way. They do not have time for my shit.