It was my first time buying from Ikea. It was also the last time buying from Ikea.

My friend TJ and I had gone to Ikea to pick up a desk, a kitchen table, and a few other things we needed for our apartment. We decided to tackle the kitchen first.

"Hey Rod, how do you say this name here? I guess their all funky, but this one sounds especially weird." TJ was pointing at a table in the catalog he had before him.

I looked at the image and its attendant title. Kullaberg. It looked like the name of a castle.

"I believe it's pronounced," and here I put on a ridiculous Swedish accent, "Kullaberg!"

It felt like flash grenade going off in my face. I saw crimson. We both began choking and coughing from the sulfurous smoke billowing from the box with the kitchen table in it.

"What is thy wish, my lord?" The nine-foot-high demon before us had curled horns, hooves, and a pitchfork. He was one of the traditional demons.

"You're a pretty traditional demon," TJ remarked.

"I have served my masters for millennia; now I shall serve thee. Bid me to carry out thine wicked will. Do you have murderous or lustful thoughts? Do you want the powers of the earth? Would you like to be immortal?" The demon was really getting into his role; he'd been doing this for a while.

"I guess it wouldn't be so bad to be King of Fiji... or Seattle. I guess we could do both and then just trade kingdoms depending on weather and time of year. What do you think, TJ? Do you want any of the stuff he mentioned?" The situation was new to me; also, I'd only gotten like three hours of sleep. I thought I'd get some input from my better-rested friend.

"Yeah... maybe. We just need some furniture right now. Actually, now that you're here, can you tell us how to pronounce this word?" TJ pointed to the Swedish-sounding word in the catalog.

The demon looked shocked for a few seconds. Then he did a slight shake-of-the-head-raise-of-the-eyebrows thing and looked at the word.

"Of course, that is mine own appellation. It is pronounced," and here the demon went into his genuine Swedish accent, "KUUULLABERRRG!"

More smoke, more wretched sulfur smell, and another, identical, NBA-sized demon appeared. 

"What is thy wish, my lord?" The new demon was now speaking.

The old demon looked shocked (and I thought a little hurt; he may be out of a job, soon). He looked down at his hands and torso, and then looked back up and fixed his gaze on the newly-minted demon.

"You know what this means, right man?" TJ asked.

"No. I'm still a bit too tired to think. I think I'm actually falling asleep. Did we get the furniture yet?" I didn't really have it in me to stay awake much longer.

"No, Rod. Forget the furniture. There are way more important things we now have access to." He sounded creepily excited.

---------------------------

Two weeks later we were drinking lemonade, sitting in the bleachers at our college gym on campus. We were quite riveted with the spectacle before us.

"Do a layup! Use your ultra-speed! No, not like THAT! WHAT ARE YOU DOING, KULLABERG!" At TJ's mention of this name, all ten players turned to look at TJ at once. "I just meant Kullaberg 7!"

More billowing smoke, ashes, crimson glare, and another identical demon.

TJ cut the demon off before he started could introduce himself, "Yeah, I know the spiel, demon. Get on the bleachers with the other seventy substitutes; you were an accident."

 TJ was a demanding and heartless coach; the new Kullaberg hung his mass-produced head in shame and went to go sit on the bleachers with the others.