Our little community is a strange one. Supers, metas, parahumans, capes. Regardless of what you called us, regardless of the abilities we had, we tended to play by the rules. Wear a mask, have an alibi for your other self, don't go unmasking someone if you've got something to lose.

It leads to a dichotomy of sorts.

For instance, we have Simon here. He goes without the mask, without the costumes and posturing. He's a face in the crowd, and not a memorable one. He preys on young women, drains their blood to feed his regeneration and strength. A vampire of sorts. At least he uses a scalpel instead of his teeth.

I've been tracking him for a week.

Simon doesn't play the game. He doesn't run businesses or hold territory. For a man like him, reputation is a weakness. Better to be a ghost.

He finishes strapping me down on the table, the paralytic would have been enough, but he's methodical. Careful. He's lasted this long and that requires a certain amount of caution.

He prepares his scalpel and presses it to my throat. A gentle pressure and the jugular is cut.

It takes him a moment to react as my blood spears out, sharp and hardened. It pierces his liver and begins to crystallize and fracture, shredding him from the inside out.

A small spray deals with the bindings as he collapsed to the floor, dying but not yet dead.

---

He wakes to find me seated before him in full regalia. Crimson, leader of the Red Hand, and nightmare of anyone who dares work my territory without paying tribute.

I give him time to take it in. To understand exactly how badly he fucked up for ruining my morning. That the mousey girl he grabbed off the street was the reason police don't enter the city limits any more.

As his wound seals up, I cut him open again, then sit again to watch.

These killers have been popping up more frequently over the last few months, and street business has been suffering. It's gotten to the point where I've stopped trying to hide the bodies. 

I wait for him to speak, to plead. He doesn't.

As the light leaves his eyes, I stand and head for the door.

