I leaned back in my chair looking across at the scatter piles on my desk.  “Ms. Wood, send in the next one,” and waited for the next sad sack to come see me.  

I’m the last stop for a lot of folks that have developed powers since The Incident.  Sure, the news goes on and on about the Alphas, both hero and villain, but no one pays any attention to people with 4th tier or weaker abilities.  Those that can’t figure out on their own how to live with their powers, or better yet make a living from them, came to me for advice.  And I was happy to provide it; all at the low cost of a 20% agent’s fee on all future earnings.  

“Ah, Mr. Spear is it?” I said to the thin man who stepped into my office.  Nothing particularly remarkable about him; short light brown hair, glasses, and faded acne scars above a lanky frame.  

“Just Jerome is fine, Mr. McNamara”, he said as he took the only chair not covered in random debris.  

“Alright then Jerome, call me Dave.  So what seems to be the trouble?”

“Well, I’m just about done... I.. I just can’t seem to figure out what to do anymore.  I’ve lost my wife, my last four jobs, none of my friends or family will talk to me anymore, this damn ability has wrecked my life.  Hell, I’ll be out on the street this time next week if I can’t come up with the last three months of rent money.”

“Ok, I’ve worked with a lot of people with low-tier abilities.  Some are weirder that you can imagine.   But I like to pride myself at being able to find some accommodation for them, oh... at least two-thirds of the time.  What’s your deal?”

“Well, you might not believe this... but um... I can’t lie-“

“OUT!” I roared. “Get the hell out!”

“Wha..what?!” Jerome stammered, “What’s wrong?”

“Listen! I don’t want to hear about whichever  scam you’re trying to pull, or whatever charges you’re trying to avoid.  Every two-bit hustler from here to Chicago has tried that ‘I can’t tell a lie’ shit since The Incident.   It’s been proven time and again that all abilities have an external manifestation.  You can’t just walk into a police station and say ‘I can’t lie, I wasn’t there’.  You’ll get laughed out of court!”

I was tired.  It had been a long week and here this asshole was, wasting my time.  “I won’t say it again.  Get out! Or I’ll shove your rail-thin ass right out that window.”

“But, Mr. McNa- err, Dave!  I can lie! It’s just that if I do, no matter how small or trivial of a lie, everyone around me knows it!  It’s, it’s just horrible...” He started to cry, but he did peak my interest.   

“What do you mean exactly by “everyone will know” if you lie?”

“I can’t really describe it.  I guess.. I’ll just show you.   Alright, let’s take this grey um, ashtray?  Well, I’m telling you, it’s actually blue.”

The weirdest thing started to happen as soon as the word “blue” came out of Jerome’s mouth.   It’s as if he was glowing, but not with any light.  Almost as if everything else became faded as my attention was forcibly drawn to him.  And I KNEW, right then and there, that this man was worthless, slime, beneath my very.....

As suddenly as it came, that intense focus and hatred for Jerome vanished.  

“Wow, ok... that’s something right there.   I can see how that might cause some interpersonal.. hmm.. difficulties let’s say?”

Jerome just stared at the floor. “You can’t even imagine.  The smallest white lie... Just telling my wife that I liked her haircut when I didn’t particularly care for it was enough to trigger it.”

“Yeah, I get it.  The grease in the world is a few well-placed words.  Without that, it’s easy to see how things fell apart.   I guess you’re a Perfect Witness then, huh?”  A crazy idea started to form in my mind.  “Actually, maybe you’re the Perfect Alibi.  Tell me Jerome, how picky are you about who you work for?”

“Huh? I dunno Dave.  These days I’ll work for just about anyone who can stand being around me if it means I’ve got a roof over my head and can eat.”

I hadn’t worked with Al in ages.  But I knew what he was up to these days.  If anyone could use Mr. Perfect Alibi here, it was him. 

“C’mon kid.” I said, grabbing my coat. “I’ve got a guy I’d like you to meet.”


======================

First time posting here.  My wife tells me I should write, but I’ve never written dialogue before.  Any feedback is appreciated. 

Thanks