I quickly awaken, feeling tired as I hadn't slept, with dry tears in my eye. Another nightmare, I guess. As I calm down, I realize today is a special day. The dawn of a new year, if I remember correctly. 2077, was it? Yeah, 2077 A.D. anno domini, in the year of our lord.  But we no longer had any lords. They're all dead, immortal entities made mortal by man's lust for power. All we have now is this stupid sounding p.n.h. Post Nuclear Holocaust.

I can't believe it's been fifty seven years since it all happened. I was only a child back then, a happy little child. Now I feel so old...God, my fingers feel dusty. They said the bombs killed everything, but in this misery I found love, I married a beatiful woman - Jesus I remember having a crush on her on kinder garden, it's been SO long - and we were blessed with a baby boy named Roy... She said she always enjoyed that name, and he did kinda look like a Roy... as I get up from bed I can hear his footsteps rushing in, he slams the door and jumps in bed, all smiles my little Roy. His mother wakes up, scared from the noise, but quickly smiles and takes him into her arms.

I'm so happy.

I go down and prepare a meal for us, canned food for breakfast is still weird for me, but you get used to it I guess. They rush down, and sit on the table as I finish heating it up. We eat happily, laugh, joke, and everything seems perfect.

Suddenly, I hear anxious knocks on the door. I get up and rush to answer it, as the sounds of laugh and joy fade. I open the door slightly, and check who it is. No surprise there, another guard checking in.

"Mr. Williams, sorry to disturb you, but you are required at the New City Hall immediately."

"It's alright, I'll be there in a minute. Thank you"

"Sir!"

As I close the door, I quickly look at the table I was having breakfast, and it sits there, cold and empty.

Everyday it's the same feeling. Seargent told me to go see a doctor about it, but...I can't. God how I miss them. How can someone ask me to separate from them.

I sit down and finish my meal, throwing out the two other full plates I had filled. I remember as a child, the fear I felt from haunted houses and such, and how I always called it a curse.

It is not a curse.

It's a blessing.

I open the door, and the emptyness of this world hit me hard. I walk to the pharmacy, pick up the meds, and go back home. Every step i take on those empty streets fill my eyes with tears. I get inside, clean my plates, get on bed and inject myself.

I no longer want to live in this empty world, I can't stand this void, I want to end this all. Take me to hell if you must, but don't let me be the last one standing.

I push the needle, I open my window and throw it out. Sit on my bed, as the tears come.

And as I fall asleep, I pray.

"Please, God. Let it last longer."

And my consciousness fades away.

I quickly awaken, feeling tired, as if I hadn't slept. Eyes filled with dry tears. Another nightmare, I guess. As I calm down, I realize...

Today, is a special day.



--- Ahhh, sorry I didn't use the prompt - besides the a man who sees ghosts part haha -

I read this and immediately felt the urge to write something like this, it ended up rushed, but it's what I came up with. I just discovered this sub, and will absolutely come back. Sorry if this sucks!