They came in the middle of the night. We all heard it, 2 massive trucks on a pockmarked dirt road, the nightmare was soon to be over. We had heard rumblings of it over the radio—a cure! No... it’s not a cure but a vaccine, an immunization. Still, the nightmare was soon to be over.

The first trucks came baring military men, they were there to ensure civility and to grant any needed protection. The vaccine, while effective, intensifies the human smell. We were warned we’d have to fight. After inoculation a bite no longer meant turning, but it could still mean death. Immunized only to die in the last fight with the dead. How ironic that would be. 

We had run into the same military unit before. They promised us then a cure was being developed, be safe, a better world is on the horizon. It was hard to believe them at the time, they spoke of hope but gazed with a thousand yard stare. They had preached this before, I’m sure. That was 3 years ago. We had all but lost hope of vaccine, the fleeting dream of a doomed race. With every passing day the radio got more and more silent. The dead were winning. Humanity’s final hour had come and gone. Soon, we would be overrun too.

Tonight was different. That stare was replaced by a glimmer of hope. The tides has turned, the human race wasn’t cursed to lived its final days in hiding, delaying the inevitable. The first two trucks was mostly filled with supplies. Extra fortifications and munitions to aid in our fight against the horde that would follow. Two more trucks were set to arrive at first light, with them the doctors and nurses needed to administer the vaccine. We were given strict orders to not leave the premises, the fight to save the world was over. We had survived and to go out before the doctors arrived was a risk not worth taking. 

DO NOT GO BEYOND THESE GATES
If bit the vaccine does not work

I chuckled as I read the sign, dragging my hand across the chain link fence. Our last line of defense was now the outer walls of our prison. Little dramatic? Sure, but I wasn’t one to be caged in. Nor was I one to follow the rules. So I did what I had done a thousand times before, I climbed to the top of Mr. Baker’s house. Ivy had grown thick on the wall facing the outside making it a lot easier to climb than when I first did this, years ago. I can’t believe it’s been 2 years since he was killed. I can still hear his bloodcurdling screams as he was dragged into the marsh.

I’ve been sneaking out alone for as long as I can remember. It’s not that the dead don’t scare me, they do, it’s just more peaceful from the outside looking in. Even though we’ve lived safely behind our walls for almost 5 years, everyone is still constantly on edge. It is the end of the world after all. Or was, I suppose, now that we have the vaccine. 

I know I shouldn’t be out here right now, but I’ve always been a rebel of sorts. God my mother hated me as a teenager. She always said “one day you’re going to get yourself killed, Tommy. You’re all I have, you’re going to get yourself killed.” That particular time I had just come home from a night of drinking. I crashed the pickup into the tree in the front yard and woke her up. My old man and my big brother died in a car crash a few months before that. Years before the dead rose. I had always blamed myself, but drinking helped fog the guilt. I overslept and they waited for me. We were supposed to go to the farmer’s market to get what we needed to prepare a big fresh meal for Momma’s birthday. When I finally woke up I was too tired to go so they went without me. A drunk driver hit them head on. I’m told they both died instantly. Had I not overslept all four of us would be here tonight, celebrating the end of the end of the world and the beginning of the new world. At least my mother was wrong, I had made it. We both made it.

I never go out beyond the fence unprepared. I may not be scared of the dead, but I respect the hell of out them. I always carry a small hatchet, it’s my close range weapon of choice—and it’s silent. My .45 is a lot more effective, sure, but the dead will hear it. And they will come. I bring it as a last resort. I must have been day dreaming thinking about what life will be like after we’re all inoculated, I didn’t hear the rustling beside me until much too late. The dead, despite being rotting, fetid flesh eating corpses, move with surprising agility. I couldn’t react in time. My only reaction was to throw my arms up to protect my neck. I can use my belt to tie off my arm and stop the spread of the disease if I get bit. There’s no coming back from a bite to the neck.

I was able to deflect the lunge at my neck, shove it away, unholster my .45, and put a bullet into its skull but it was too late. I could feel the burning in my forearm. If I was quick maybe I can survive it. I ripped my belt off with my good arm and tied the wound off. If I was going to survive I was going to have to cut my lower arm off. I reached for my hatchet but it wasn’t there. It wasn’t on the ground around me, either. I had to make a run for it. It was my only option. The dead were coming, I had discharged my weapon.

I had walked this path countless times before. I wasn’t that far from home, I can make it back in time. I’m surprised how little the bite hurts. There was an initial sting, but after that the pain completely subsided. I have seen hundreds of people get bit. They all screamed bloody murder. Was it in anguish? The physical pain was quickly replaced by a numbness. I’m on complete autopilot now. I know I’m heading in the right direction but I feel disconnected from my body, like I’m being pulled away from my physical form.

The dead are close behind me now. I can hear the mass groaning as the horde grows larger and larger. I think I can make it. I’m almost there now, I can smell safety. It must be the food the military brought as a celebration. I haven’t smelled something that good in years. Since before the outbreak. It’s given me a second wind. After years of eating scraps, canned food, and anything we can unquestionably deem safe, I didn’t realize how hungry I really was.

Something was wrong. It was too quiet. I reached the end of the woods and was running through the field. I can see the base. I can smell the food they’re cooking. But there is no noise. Were we attacked? Was the vaccine a lie made up so the military could get inside our walls, kill us, and steal our supplies? I can’t risk stopping. The dead are right behind me. I hope my makeshift tourniquet has stopped the infection. I’ve made it so far. I can’t leave my mother alone. She’ll need me in the new world and I’ll need her.

I can see movement through the fence! Lots of movement! It’s not just military personnel! I may make it after all!

Why is it still so quiet? That food smells so good. I’ve never been so hungry. Even if I can’t be saved, hopefully they’ll let me eat some of that food. A last meal that good would be worth it. It smells so fresh. Has life on the military base been like this the entire time? Have they been eating like kings and queens while we’ve been starving, eating canned corn from the 90s?

I’m so close now. The groaning from behind me has completely stopped. I hear people! I can’t distinguish what they’re saying, there’s a lot of them. It must be more people from the military come to help fend off the dead! We’re going to make it! I’ve never been so happy in my life. All my friends, my mother, we’re going to live. I can’t risk turning around. I’m sure the horde is closing in, there were hundreds if not thousands behind me. I still hear the people behind me. There’s no way they’ve killed all the dead. Or maybe they have.

I’m close enough to see who’s behind the fence. Mary is right in front of me, tears welling up in her eyes. They must have known I was gone. They probably thought I was dead. I don’t hear any groaning anymore. Only human voices. Rejoicing. We’re saved. I can’t believe it. That food spells so good. Do you think they’ll have enough for us? I turn around. I can’t believe what I’m seeing. Thousands of people. They must have heard the radio calls from our base. I didn’t realize this many humans were still alive.

I turn back to Mary. I’ve made it. I need to tell her I’m bit. I need medical attention immediately. It’s not too late though. I can make it. I’ll pull through.

Why hasn’t she said anything? Our eyes meet, tears are streaming down her face. It must have worked. We are saved! I reach out and put my hands against the chain link fence, expecting her to do the same.

“Do we have enough food and vaccines for everyone?” I ask her, turning around to give one final look at the all the people who have heard our radio calls. “It’s funny,” I say talking to Mary but still facing the thousands in the field, “we’ve been making the same radio call for more than 4 years and only a few people have ever heard it. Now the morning the military comes to vaccinate us, thousands come.”

Mary still hasn’t said a word. I heard of people overcome by joy that they can’t speak, but not Mary. She always has something to say. Something to add. Some witty comment or joke. Something is wrong. I turn back around just in time to see Mary’s favorite weapon, her spear she named The Reaper, pointed at my face.

“No Mary, wh...” is all I can muster as Mary thrust her spear forward.

Blackness. I never got to eat. 