As I stood, scratching my head, I looked around at the strange landscape. All I could see was gently rolling hills, covered with what appeared to be albino grass. I poked a sprig with my foot. Well, it looked and felt like grass, anyway. As I looked around I saw something in the distance, on a hill which rose slightly above the others around it. I began to walk. 

The distance seemed to go by quickly, as if time itself was of little consequence. In a time that seemed both short and an eon, I arrived at my destination.

A man in a white robe sat on a rock, a stick resting over his knees, as he gazed into the distance as if looking for something.   
"Where am I?" I asked.   
"Where do you think you are?" He asked, turning his gaze towards me. I paused.  
"The last thing I remember I was going down the hill at the park on my bike towards the lake and then..." I stopped, thinking. "I'm dead, aren't I?"   
"Yes, but that is not what you asked."   
"Is this heaven? Where is everyone else?"   
"This is, in a sense, limbo. The place in between - no one of mine stays here long." 

As he spoke I looked around, puzzled. There were strange piles of objects about the man on the rock.   
"Who are you? Also, what are those? I asked, gesturing to the piles around him."   
"If you were mine, you would know my voice and know who I am." He said simply. "Those, well, they are your Gods."   
"What - but I don't believe in Gods?" I said, feeling a little frustrated. This was not making sense at all. Why would he say these things were Gods? There was what looked like a pile of novels near him, what looked like a heap of football banners a few yards away and a pile of cars just down the hill. I could also see piles of what looked like gold, jewellery and other oddments. 

"Those are your Gods. The things which you spent your life upon, the things in which you trusted. In which you chose to believe." He said, as if reading my thoughts.   
I looked again, seeing these things around him, which in this crisp white light seemed a little less important than they did in life.   
"Well what use is that? Now what do I do?" I asked him.   
"The Gods you chose in life, now they have come to claim the value of your soul."   
"My soul has value?" I asked, mystified.   
"Indeed." He said drily. I was getting the sense he had had this conversation before.   
"Well how was I supposed to know that?"   
"Did you ever stop to ask, to think?"   
"No, I was busy! All the things I had to do..."   
"Had to?"  
"Well, wanted to. I had to do a some of them!" I said defensively.  
"Once you chose them, yes" he said.  
"No-one told me I had another choice!" I protested.  
He stared at me, silent.  
"Well, you didn't. I would have listened to you." I said, not quite knowing why I trusted him.  
"I called, you did not listen. I called, you did not answer. Now, as you have chosen in life, your Gods will take the currency of your soul and return to you reward as they have power." 

As he said this I felt something slip away from me. The piles of objects sank into the ground, having taken, yet unable to return.

I waited. "Nothing is happening." I said, staring at him.  
"As your response to me in life, I offer the same." He said, and walked away into the distance. 

I wanted to chase after him but found I could not, as I had not learnt to walk like he did while in life. If only I could learn how to walk as he did, how to follow his voice out of this lonely place.

It seemed to late for that.