Ninjacon 2017 was an interesting one. They all were. Ninjas from all over the world in one place.  Holding it in a secret basement of a hotel hosting an anime convention was a stroke of genius.  Those japanese ninjas had been right, to hide a tree: use a forest. But thier time had passed. They did'nt change with the times.

Those who hired them knew how to find them.   The international association of Ninja.   The Australian Ninjas were the best in the world, thier mastery of deadly creatrues and harsh terrain made them the most expensive.    The Japanese ninja had fractured into the traditionalists (what normies think of ninja) and the flashy ones who wore orange.    Nobody ever expected Spanish Ninjas or the Canadian ones (they would apologize as they killed you, often by force feeding you maple syrup and poutine until your stomach burst).  With the new assassins creed games more people expected the Arabic, Italian and even the American Ninjas. 

It was at the secret ninja bar that they would trade stories. 
"I say olaf, did you see yesterday's episode of Game of Thones?  Cracking show eh Wot! , asked Nigel. Everyone knew about MI 6 and James Bond, but the queen's personal Ninjas were Britians true strength.  

Olaf Magnussen, a blonde bear of a man laughed "Yes,  I do believe that Ned Stark Fellow will"

Suddenly a knife appeared in his heart as he crumpled over. A little girl with freckles and red hair glared at him "fer fook's sake ye daft coont.   Enough with the spoilers."    

Nigel shook his head distastefuly.  "Mary, you git! You can't keep doing that. It's bloody inconvientent for the cleaning staff."  Irish ninjas. Typical really.   Her face flushed red as she figured out what Nigel was thinking.  "I'll fite you mate!"

At another table  Pierre and Jack were arguing. 
"ee's impossible, zere is no such thing as Mexican Ninjas,  you've been drinking too much."  Pierre argued. "no one has ever seen one and they never show up. 
"Nah man.I tell you bro.My uncle got killed by one. They are real Give them a shot of tequila and they like teleport and shit. I know a guy who'd roomate's nephew saw one. "

Logan wandered over "sorry to interupt but I could'nt help overhearing.  I heard that one once got elected to office. I forget which one.  But my grandma plays pinochile with a lady who's dentist's former roomate once saw one kill a man with a taco from a mile away. " Logan wandered off. 

Pierre looked over at Jack. "'ave you gotten zose taco trucks on every corner yet.   Jack shook his head "not yet, leaders say a lot are slow to deliver.   He patted his back pocket to realize his wallet was missing.   
"has anyone seen my wallet? He asked. The maid passing by answered "No. No.."  thinking to herself "I take"


