**Warning: This is a bit dark. Not for the squeamish**
 
*******

Sporadic flashing lights sparked overhead, lighting up the cages like a this was a dank nightclub back home.  Ryan keep running, his sweating fingers desperately clutching to Haley's cold hand. Each time the light sparked he could see Them and prayed They couldn't see him.  He also saw bleak hopeless eyes staring out at him from the cage they ducked behind to avoid detection.  Each time they stopped and hid, the eyes pleaded to Ryan, but he just stared back.

*Don't make a sound.  Can't save you.  Must save my wife, must save myself.*

The shed was huge, so there was hope.  Thousands of cages three feet cubed held two or three humans each.  They were spaced apart just enough for Them to walk between them, and luckily for Ryan, for him and Haley to hide among them.

They desperately stumbled through the dark, towards the distance doorway, the harsh light occasionally burning their eyes and forcing them to hide.  Those moments were the worse, for as their vision returned they saw ever more humans in more cages. Some wore tattered clothing from the time they were abducted, others bred into captivity were naked, deformed, and had expressions void of hope or understanding.  Some of them pushed against each other, struggling for every inch of space they were crammed into, while others coexisted in mutual misery, resigned to their filth covered homes.

A guttural cry made Ryan's ears spike with pain, and all around the shed humans wailed in agony.  They had noticed he had escaped with Haley.  Hundreds of Them constantly worked the cages, sticking instruments in each human at least once a day.  Except now they would all be looking for Haley and for him.

His heart started pumping harder now, and her hand squeezed his repeatedly.  He turned to face her in the afterglow of another spike of light and he barely saw his wife, he just saw a face of utter terror.  He gave her an urgent nudge with his head.  He dare not speak, he didn't even want to breath.  She just nodded frantically and he felt blood pulse through his head like never before.

The doorway wasn't too far.  They'd seen others escape through it before, and heard the rumors of what lay on the other side - a hanger with ships, an armory with so many weapons...  Hope for survival.  A chance of escape.

They made a break for it, forgoing the cover of the cages and openly sprinting the remaining distance to the exit.  Endless pairs of panicked eyes watched them as they rushed past in the erratic light.  One harsh shriek of alarm followed another.  Tall powerful spiked shapes of immeasurable pain and death closed in on them from all sides.  They were so close, the door was rushing to meet them.  20 feet.  A sharp crackle of energy obliterated a cage just behind them, spraying blood and scorched metal everywhere. 10 feet.  One of Them was moments from impaling them both on it's claws.

They slammed through the doors into the warm clean room beyond.

 ******

Overseer Kriewt drummed his fingers expectantly on his desk as both he and his client watched the thousands of sensory feeds following the two samples.  They had made it out of the hanger, and were in the last corridor before the End, where a shuttle was waiting for them to commandeer.

"So you've already tried our caged variety, Visor Quuotrk" Kriewt said politely.  The Visor was a fearsome and stunningly beautiful person to behold, her second set of arms were the most slender he had ever seen, with claws so sharp and obsidian they drew his attention every time, so much so he had to keep himself from staring.  "You will find that this free range variety offers a superior kick"

"I'm looking forward to it, Overseer" the Visor replied with a sly smile that only just showed her middle fang.  She didn't take her attention off the sensory inputs, as she was enjoying feeling the pulse beat through the female's heart.

They both watched as the two samples entered the craft and were instantly teleported before them.  Spikes shot out of the floor and ceiling and skewered both samples before either of them could gasp in surprise.  The tentacle like spikes lifted both of them off the floor and made them face each other, too far apart to touch but enough to see each other's pain.

The Overseer nodded approving and turned to his customer. "We find that processing mating pairs like this provides the purest form of the drug.  The gauntlet that you just saw them guided through gets the most we can possibly get into their fluid system and then letting them see each other in their final moments just adds that sweet refinement that you won't find from my competitors.  It's the effect of the mind knowing how hopeless the situation is while the body just tries to hold on.  They'll both expire within twelve ghats and the extraction will be complete.

Visor Quuotrk walked up to them both curiously, and saw the male's tear soaked face move his desolate expression from his dying mate to meet her own mercury gaze.  She watched as the life drained from him and his last breath left his blood filled lungs.

"You don't find your methods to be in-Yorwen, do you?" she asked

"With all due respect Visor, they're not Yorwan, are they?" Kriewt offered diplomatically.  "You see, they don't even have all 7 senses.  They can only communicate using air vibrations or photon absorption, it's so wonderfully mindless and soulless there's no need to worry about welfare."

"I see," the Visor said, eagerly watching the vial of substance emerge from the collection of tentacle spikes. "so they're not sentient?"

"Absolutely not.  Well, not anywhere near the level it counts.  In fact, if it wasn't for their valuable genetic abnormality, their planet would probably have been harvested by the Garrim or seeded by the Ko by now.  This operation, however illegal, is letting 80% of the population of that miserable rock live killing each other, we're frankly doing them a favor"

The Overseer took the two vials from the processed samples and handed one to the Visor.

"And really," he grinned a mouth full of blacked razor teeth, "If they didn't want to be processed like this, they shouldn't have created such a sweet high in their glands."
 
"Overseer", smiled Visor Quuotrk as she injected herself with the purest adrenaline.  "I think we can do business."