Bradley grudgingly rubbed his temples as he trudged towards the back door of the laboratory, the one that led out to the goose pen that stretched out over several acres of the Alberta badlands. Getting up at 5:30 am to feed a huge flock of large smelly birds was one of the lousiest ways to start the day, in his opinion, and the hangover from the cheap vodka he drank the night before wasn't doing him any favors. As he reached for the door handle, his weary eyes glanced at the sign directly above the door.

PER CALAS REGULATION 871.45s, ALL EMPLOYEES OF NOVAPEACE INC. ARE REQUIRED TO REPORT ANY SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY OBSERVED ANYWHERE ON OR SURROUNDING THE PROPERTY OF NOVAPEACE INC. THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION

Bradley stopped for a moment, his hand poised above the door handle, and tried to remember why, exactly, that sign existed in the first place. He did know that NovaPeace had a long standing and profoundly uncomfortable relationship with the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies for many, many years now. The CFHS protested the use of Canadian geese in therapeutic mood balance... even when the initial experiments on violent criminals proved to be quite promising and the Canadian government funded this research facility to make further advancements in the treatment, the CFHS refused to see the benefits. They felt it was cruel to the geese... forcing vitriolic human emotions onto innocent animals. As Bradley saw it, geese were already mean and obnoxious. Getting a few more angry feelings built up in them wasn't going to amount to much. Besides, they only lived a few years in the wild anyway, and the area was sparsely populated. He hadn't heard of a single person suffering from it, and wasn't it worth it all to live in a country where anyone could get rid of their animosity, nastiness and unpleasant social behaviors with just a couple of neurotransmittals to a goose, all paid for by the government?

As he wandered back to the pen, he was dimly aware of the fact that something wasn't quite right. By this time of the morning, as the sun was cracking over the mountains, there would be several geese wandering around the pen, waiting for their breakfast. This morning, there was not a single goose to be found. Bradley cautiously opened the pen's gate and looked around, straining to hear any signs of life. From the back of the pen, behind the feed shed, a low, gargling murmur rose to a fever pitch. 

As Bradley reached the back of the pen, he started to worry. He had never heard such a noise before... it was frenzied, explosive, almost driven. He turned the corner of the feed shed and came face to face with a furious tempest of gray and black feathers and an acrid fecal stench that caused him to defensively cover his mouth and nose. He gazed dumbly at the chaos before him...at first he wasn't sure what he was looking at. His brain nearly refused to make sense of it all, but just as it started to come around he was knocked sideways by a hefty, angry downy mass landing squarely against his left shoulder and throwing him against the corner of the feed shed, knocking him unconscious.

When Bradley regained consciousness, he found himself lying prone on his back, his throbbing head resting against the wall of the shed. His hands felt sticky and warm, and he dazedly lifted them to his face and was repulsed by the sight and smell of goose droppings. Before he even had a chance to wipe them off on his pants, he was startled by a ferocious pecking on his shins and head.  He vainly tried to shoo the geese away, but they were surrounding him, at least two dozen or so, staring through his soul with menacing, beady black eyes. They waddled closer, beaks slightly ajar as if they were to waste no time in biting him at a second's notice. He reflexively covered his face with his arms, not knowing what else to do... and then he heard a scratchy, squawky, guttural sound... a voice of sorts.

"JERK!  JERK!  JERK!"

Bradley paused, trying to comprehend what he was hearing. Then the voice piped up again. "JERK JERK JERK JERK JERK!!!". He peeped over a sleeve to see one of the largest geese in the flock hopping around, wings flapping savagely, his head tossed back and his beak snapping closed after every word with a determined clack. The other geese followed suit, squawking out all sorts of rude words... some relatively benign and even humorous, others salty and wholly offensive. In the cacophony, Bradley thought he had heard the F-bomb dropped several times and may have even heard a vile sexual comment about his mother. The flock of geese seemed to feed off each other's anger and unpleasant demeanor, getting each other worked up into a frothing emotional frenzy, and they soon forgot about Bradley and waddled off to the other end of the pen together, their wings arched high and necks bent low in a aerodynamic march of sorts.

In a blinding flash of awareness, Bradley picked himself up off the ground and ran straight back for the research facility. He dared not look back until he was safely inside... from there, he peeked out of one of the windows in time to see the last of the flock taking off for the east, towards denser civilization. It was mating season for the Canadian geese, he realized, his stomach churning as the implications behind it all played through his head. Geese breed fast and often, and like to travel far. NovaPeace already knew all those nasty neurotransmitted emotions could easily be passed down to future generations, but the government gently suggested they keep that little factoid to themselves.

Canada's cheery disposition was about to be put to the ultimate test.

