There once existed a baby. This baby was a young human, below the age of one year. This baby still exists, to be clear, while admittedly it is no longer classified as a baby, rather being known as a corpse. However, the baby died from natural causes, as babies are wont to do after a certain amount of time elapses, as it has. However, the reference to its death was in fact only intended to clarify the continued existence of this baby, and not to comment on the inevitability of death and the human condition.

On a certain day, the mother of this baby, the possessor of the womb from whence this baby originated, decided that the baby was in need of shoes. The mother took it upon herself to provide these shoes, which are sturdy foot coverings meant primarily for outside wear, known in Spanish as "zapatos."

It should be noted, before this story continues, that this mother was in fact involved in a mutual, legally recognized, heterosexual relationship, known as a marriage, with a living male human. Neither the mother, her spouse, henceforth referred to as the father, or the baby suffered from any trauma or hidden insecurities, including but not limited to a history of abuse, a lack of sexual attention, or estrangement from society. This family, in fact, was quite an average one, but not so average that their level of averageness might be considered unusual.  None of these characters or any objects involved in this story represent anything other than their literal definitions, which one may look up in a dictionary if one is unsure about.

This mother went to a certain location, which she had come to realize was known primarily for exchanging shoes for money, such as the ones she wished for her baby to wear. The mother purchased two of these shoes, with each one designated for one of her baby's feet.

Upon returning to her rather conventional household, the mother procured these recently-purchased shoes, which she intended to place on the feet of her baby. However, when she attempted to do so, she swiftly realized that the feet of her baby were larger than she expected. The baby's feet were not unusually large for a baby, but the shoes which the mother had purchased happened to be somewhat smaller than would fit comfortably on the baby's feet. She henceforth ceased attempting to place these shoes on the feet of her baby, and pondered what she could do with these shoes.

First, she contacted the store from which she had acquired her baby's shoes. She did so by means of a telephone, an electrically-powered device meant to convert auditory messages in a small interval of time across a relatively large amount of space. However, she was dismayed (though certainly not unusually so) to learn from a certain employee of that store that the store had a policy discouraging the return of previously-purchased items to the shelves of that store.

The mother now considered what to do next. Within a reasonable interval of time, the mother decided upon a course of action and took it, in a way that resulted in the following. The mother called the newspaper, using the aforementioned telephone, and requested to place an advertisement in the most imminent edition of that newspaper. The employee of that newspaper office who was at the other end of the two-way connection asked for the precise wording of this advertisement. The mother, upon a small period of thought, communicated six words to this employee, which were later printed in the most imminent edition of this newspaper. These words were identical to the ones in the next and final paragraph of this story.

"For Sale: Baby Shoes, Never Worn."