It started as a good deed. My part in making the world a better place – at least for a few others. By taking their donated feelings, I could selflessly make my friends’ lives better for a time. I thought by doing good for them, the act might have brought me happiness in the long run - whatever that meant. In the beginning, emotions were slow – my friends would never donate sadness unless things got really bad. If they tried to give me happiness, their selfless act would attract joy back into their lives and I wouldn’t feel a thing. Needless to say my gift was not often used in the beginning. 

I should explain; the ‘transfer’ works by thinking about giving the recipient an emotion, but if I don’t know who to return it to, I can’t send it back. I can take on many people’s feelings at once, even distinguish them from one another. Every emotion has a target; a reason to exist, so when I’m being given a feeling, I get a snippet of why it exists also.

The first time was horrible. I regretted it immediately, but this wasn’t something I could turn off. Going from neutral to feeling worthless in a split was awful. Words can’t truly reflect what drowning in someone else’s emotions feels like. I didn’t have the experience to handle the grief I’d been given. That was what made the first time bad. 

Eventually the jolt became easier. I could prepare for the shock of shifting emotional states when there was a breakup, or a family tragedy. I knew it was coming and I would ready myself. I’d be there for my friends like nobody else could be. They would sob and cry and I would listen to their agony. They would ask for my help and I’d keep their sadness from them for as long as they needed.
I came to understand happiness must be the absence of sadness, so I wanted to use my gift as a favour to them; to bring them happiness. Now that I’d felt ultimate despair, my time spent neutral became bliss. I cherished it, and losing it was hard. My friends were good people. They would never put their despair on me unless things got too hard to deal with, and even then they would talk to me – ask to unburden their pain on me before just doing it even though they didn’t need to. They respected me and my gift, but others weren’t so kind. 

One day, knowledge of my gift reached further than my friends. I knew it had when one morning I woke to what I assume now was a mild glumness. That was new. I’d only ever been given extreme sadness, but this was somehow more tolerable. I tried to send it back to the people I’d shared my gift with before, but discovered quickly the emotions didn’t belong to anybody I knew. Panic started to set in. I remember thinking how strange that was. It wasn’t my panic. The stress and the fear were for a report that some stranger hadn’t submitted to some suit named John. It hadn’t been 5 minutes since I awoke and I was already flooded with the discarded negativity of 2 absolute strangers.

Negativity set in more and more throughout the day. I felt different peoples’ emotions piling onto me. My aim was only ever to help save a few, those friends who had earned my help, but in that moment I wanted to break Sandy’s arm and cry for Peter’s death, whoever those people were. The building emotions didn’t stop coming and for months more people were being told they could live a happy life by ruining mine. They didn’t even need worry about a guilty conscience because they could give it to me as well. 

Months went by like this, more and more people burying me in their sin, and now I accept the truth I will never give it all back. To feel nothing is all I want now. I used to tell myself something must be better than nothing, but now I truly understand. Nothing is better than this. 

I won’t feel bliss again unless I take it for myself. This is my note.
