*It is said that the greatest of wizards are also the most devastating - not for their ability to destroy, but for their ability to create. For when the mage passes, the good of their magics are taken with them.*

The final years of any powerful conjurer were always the most stressful. And as the wondrous Enthuriel the Kind's apprentice, it fell upon me to ensure each and every major contribution of his time was doubly reinforced long before death came to claim him.

I'd heard more than enough rumors growing up, of towers collapsing as the magic holding them aloft dissipated. Of dark evils rising from their eternal prisons, no longer kept at bay by warding spells. Of entire lakes and forests vanishing as though they had never existed at all, plunging the towns on the edges into ruin.

But through the wisdom of history, we learned. We prepared. And catastrophe slowly became more avoidable.

"Ale," Enthuriel whispers to me as I sit by his bedside. The list has been checked and confirmed enough times to drive him to drink for the first time in decades, a small relief easily granted.

He gulps down the amber liquid slowly, no longer thirsty for this world. The healers have long since made him as comfortable as they could, unable to sustain him with their magic anymore.

I take back the horn and sip quietly as he shuffles underneath the furs. "Lark," he exhales.

"Yes, master?"

Enthuriel pauses, furrowing his brow in doubt. "You have been...as a son to me. Perhaps even beyond such a thing."

The words swell within me, flirting with a joy beyond my knowledge. "And you beyond a father, master."

Tears form within his eyes reflecting my own. "I cannot possibly thank you enough for all you have done these many years."

"It is I who should thank you for all your-"

"Lark," he coughs, breaking down as the walls keeping him strong begin to crumble. "I'm so sorry. I couldn't possibly have known we would come this far."

"You have nothing to be sorry for, master." Water streams down my face as I grasp his hand, readying myself for his final moment.

He passes softly, fighting till the end, closing his eyes as his lips quiver as though begging death to grant him a final word. A wish left unfulfilled as I watch his breathing come to a stop.

The emotions strike me all at once, overwhelming my very core with such force that sparks begin to dance along my skin from the mana disturbance.

A disruption that only grows more chaotic as I watch my own hands slowly begin to fade.