He couldn't say for sure if he'd been dancing last night, but his legs were stiff and his favorite dancing shoes lay by the side of his bed. The evidence seemed damning, but why couldn't he remember? 

It was a sunny morning. Jason could feel the heat of the sun filtering through the blinds of his open window. He kicked off his sheets and stretched as he rose. The cool breeze from the open window mixed with the warm sunlight felt good on his naked skin. Scanning the room he spotted his boxers from yesterday laying on the radiator. He grabbed them, pulled them on, and gave himself another big stretch before heading to the kitchen. 

It was Friday. Finally. It felt like a long week. The last two had been short, with labor day and a long weekend for a trip up north. He was between projects at work, giving him more time to think about everything he'd rather be doing. Today would be better, no matter how boring, busy, monotonous, or stressful the week was, Friday's were always better. 

In the kitchen he went through the daily motions of making coffee: water, filter, coffee, on. While the coffee is brewing, he showered and dressed before returning to the kitchen to make toast. Once the bread was in the toaster, he poured himself a cup of coffee and let it cool on the windowsill. From the fridge he grabbed his lunch, which he had premade on Sunday, and packed it in his bag to bring to work. By the time his toast was ready, his coffee had cooled to the point that it was drinkable. With his peanut butter toast in one hand and his coffee in the other, Jason leaned back against the counter and took a sip of coffee, feeling relaxed. He was proud his morning routine. He loved the efficiency of it. Everything just worked so well.

Once he'd cleaned up his breakfast, he grabbed his bag and headed out the door. He reached for his keys to lock it, but paused when his keys were not in his pocket. Back inside, he checked his bedside table, the kitchen table, and the pockets he'd worn yesterday. No luck. Without his keys he wouldn't be driving anywhere and he hated taking the bus. Did he really need to go into the office today? Probably not, he decided. He slung his bag on a chair in the dining room and sat down in the seat next to it. He would email his manager about his situation and work from home. On his laptop he connected to internet, opened Outlook, and waited for it to load. In the meantime, he opened a new browser session and went to the Times to read the headlines. "Do you remember, the 21st night of September?" read the first headline. Jason felt himself smile, the headline was from the 70's hit September by Earth, Wind, and Fire. Curious, he read the subtitle "People across the world reporting no memory of the 21st night of September, 2018." His smile faded, his stomach turned to butterflies.

When had woken up, he hadn't given a second thought to his lack of memory for the night before. His thoughts had moved to the day ahead. His nights were often uneventful, spent reading or watching YouTube videos of live musicians. Sometimes, particularly when he was in a good mood, he would put on some funky jams and dance in his room. Based on the fact that his legs were a bit stiff and his Chuck Taylor's were next to his bed, he'd assumed he'd been dancing. But now, with the world seeming to have had a spell of dimentia, he wondered, what could have caused this?

Jason decided someone else would figure it out. He went back to his email and began writing his boss to tell him he'd be working from home today.
