My phone rang.  Unavailable.  No other information.  So, I did what I always do with those calls and swiped ignore.  Nothing happened.  9 rings, 10, 11... shouldn't it have gone to voice mail by now?   After 30 rings I tried to turn the volume down at least, and realized that my phone had been on silent the whole time.  *Ring ring!  Ring Ring!*  I answered it.


"Mr. James Emery of 1459 Raleigh lane?"  An odd, high pitched sort of masculine voice asked.


"Yes?  Who is this?"


"My name is unpronounceable in your tongue.  Call me Fred. -"


I cut off the strange caller.  "Look here Fred, I don't know what you did to my phone, but I'm going to hang up now." I swiped the screen furiously.  Nothing happened.


"Mr. Emery, on August 13th, two weeks previous you were abducted, yes?"  The odd voice continued as if I hadn't shouted at it and tried (and failed) to hang up.


"What do you want?!" I shouted.


"I work in law enforcement, Mr. Emery.  I'm trying to catch the being who kidnapped you.  Would you like to press charges against them?"


I took a moment to calm down.  The dream had been real, then?  Or was I dreaming now? I racked my brain to think of ways to test it.  I pinched myself - pain.  I picked up a paperback - words perfectly readable.  


"Mr. Emery?"


"I'm here.  Yes.  Yes, I'd like to press charges."


"To do that you're going to need to come down to the station.  Step into the center of your living room and stand still please."

I did so.  A moment later I appeared someplace else, all chromed metal and blinking lights.  An alien stepped out from behind a console.  It looked just like the last one, the one who - but had a strange growth on the side of its face.


"Please, step this way Mr. Emery.  We need to take your statement."  The creature said.


*Later*


"So let me get this straight," Evsgsal said to Ffasfrrga in the bar later.  "You called him up after two weeks and convinced him to allow you to re-abduct him?  And he didn't even recognize you?"  

"All I needed to do was change my voice a bit and wear a false rubnak!  He had no idea it was me!"

"Then what happened?" Evsgsal asked.

"I took his statement!  Typed a bunch of gibberish into the computer; he thought I was transcribing what he said!  Then I took him into my ship's other medical bay -"

"You didn't!"  Evsgsal interjected.

"Yep." Ffasfrrga said with a smile.  "I told him we needed to search for evidence, and I probed him again!"