Through all of time there were three absolutes.  The first, the last, and Peter.

&nbsp;

Gregory Kirkham was the first time traveller but he was not lauded within the ranks of time travellers. The horrors of his life had caused him to be counted as mad.  By the time he'd moved to his 'cursed' desert laboratory he'd degenerated into pure insanity.  It was by surviving an unfathomable series of events that had given rise to time travel.  It was a paradox.  His house was haunted and cursed so he sought to gain knowledge of the spirit which could be heard moaning, whose form could sometimes be seen as a ragged and bloody human-shaped form.  He thought study of the ghost would allow him to tap into Dark Matter - which in his head, he'd conflated with the spirit world - and he'd become famous for discovering a new energy source.  For 27 years he toiled, minor successes here and there fueling his obsession.  

The first 'successful' activation of the machine thrust him back in time but he hadn't known about the Winds of Time.  They tore at him, shearing him to parts.  His screams of agony and disintegrating body flitted awkwardly through time.  He'd haunted his own house and driven his own insane discoveries.  His great machine had been discovered some years later, and the human world changed.

Time Travel between the years of 2836 AD and 2896 AD is restricted, the area of Nevada is forbidden.

&nbsp;

Otis Odinson was assumed to be the final time traveller.  Not much was known about him or the time he came from but the little that had been established was bleak.  He was as mad as a man could be while still being a fully functional sociopath who had decided that it was his moral duty to flit through time and murder everyone who came within a hundred years of him or beyond.  He'd always make it a point to study his victim and go back to the point just before they made their decision to go so far forward.  None knew how he kept watch on so vast a time span, across the whole of the planet, but that he did keep watch was a quantifiable fact.  

There was a time when the nations of Earth had needed to establish a taskforce to police the timeline and offer a place to study and teach the craft.  It hadn't taken long for time travel to become an ugly and violent thing, prone to horrific errors.  If you were in such an error, you were lucky if you simply died.  The mechanisms of travel had been mostly ironed out but there were unknowable things in time that went astray.  Though every calculation was correct and every variable considered, it was possible to send part of your body to the destination, or to find yourself out of phase with time.  That usually meant suicide.  
People had tried to kill Hitler, of course, but that history had already happened and time could be aggressive about protecting events.  Time travel was mostly a tool for science and understanding.  Time Pirates had been an early concern but the taskforce had resolved such cases quickly and with humanity and fair justice.  Otis had no humanity, was not fair and he was not just.  He was absolute and would not be tested.  The taskforce had thought to test Otis by sending half of its squads to a time well after Otis should be dead.  Otis came.

Time travel beyond 5382 AD is forbidden.  

&nbsp;

Peter Notting was a stand up gentleman, a witty conversationalist and a clever man.  He had no particular skills or talents.  He was 12 years old when World War 1 broke out, an orphan living in London in the attic of a Cinematograph Theatre.  He earned his keep by running chores for the nice couple who ran the place.  The years soon got dark and the mood became grim, but he was always a happy lad and always had company.  When he was 10, the boy had found a man in his room, hands clasped behind his back standing at the far end watching out the window.  Startled, the boy shouted bold queries at the man as only a 10 year old boy can do.  The man turned and was wearing clothing that was... somehow wrong.  His accent had also been very strange, Peter had assumed the man was American.  Peter would later discover that the man was named John and he was from London, though from hundreds of years from now.  Over the years the two became friends, and more people came.  John had gone back to his time to consolidate his notes and told a colleague about a remarkable boy who gave the most wonderful insights into the spirit of the British people, all in the comforts of a spectacular view.  Word started to spread amongst John's circles and as the boy aged through a war that shook the world, dozens of people found themselves in the attic of the cinema. 

Before WW1 had ended, one of the visitors had decided to buy the theatre and gift it to Peter.  He'd done his due diligence and found that through all of WW1 and WW2, this place stood untouched by the bombs and the fires.  The theatre doors shut, the place was gutted and tradesmen from a different time came to build.  An authentic signed, framed copy of *The Restaurant at the End of the Universe* had been lovingly mounted to the wall of the 3476 AD style bar that Peter now ran.  There were other places like through through time and there were other, better vantage points to watch the two Great Wars from.  There was only one Peter Notting.  

His bar, which he had named Time Well Spent, was a success.  Dozens of new faces came from across time just to speak with Peter every day, as well as regulars.  His bar was a place one could drink and enjoy the company of other time travellers, but Peter himself was a beacon which renewed the spirits of the jaded.  These people had studied wars and human suffering.  Watched the fall of empires.  Seen their friends and loved ones ripped to ribbons by a travelling gone wrong.  Witnessed the horrors of plague.  Peter always found a way to take these hurts from people with his kindness and his humanity.  He reminded some of these people what a man could be.  What humanity was.  Through it all, Peter was a rock.

Peter ran his bar until he was 83 and unable to do everything that needed to be done.  He had had a good run with the bar and the most amazing life one could ever hope for, but he had grown tired.  It was without regret that he closed the bar and retired.  Financial advice from time travellers had left him wealthy beyond reason so he took his money and the book from the bar and had a home built in Panama where no snow could fall to make his joints creak.  He had a few visitors from a far away time but they had respected that this was a different way of life for Peter now, the visitors were there to listen to him now.  John had decided that he wanted to live near his friend and had bought the house next to Peter's.  The two were loved by the locals as old, eccentric troublemakers.

At 96 years old, Peter could feel his clock winding down.  He'd been given treatments from time travelling doctors who had extended his life - a heart attack should have killed him at 58 and without the the injectable, tiny robots in his blood a stroke was an ever-looming threat - but now his body was simply reaching its end.  John had written the official historical book on Peter, he knew it was time.  Nobody had done this before but nobody else had earned it.  John activated a button and the two men flung forward into time.  Peter had never considered it or thought to ask but time travel could also move you through space.  They wound around the earth a little and moved northwards, the world and sky seeming to explode into a million colours which exploded into a million more.  The colours formed patterns of hills that moved and buildings that were built and destroyed all at once, oceans moved in and out with the tide and in the blink of an eye the oceans were 15 feet higher and then 3 feet lower before settling to what Peter knew as sea-level.  Time changed all things.

Colours settled into blues, whites and greens and resolved themselves into a stunning vista.  His skin was warmed by a cloudless blue sky and the grass under his feet was as soft as carpet.  Peter hadn't smelled anything so divine in his whole life.  As far as his old eyes could see, it was just sky, grassy hills and river.  There was a building of some sort next to them, the whole of its blocky form had been covered in black silk.  A voice called his attention and he turned and his heart almost stopped.  People.  Thousands of people, all wearing white.  All smiling at him, some were crying, some were clapping, others were laughing from the joy of the moment.  They had been waiting in the field for hours for Peter to arrive.  John explained that since time travel, the hour of someone's death was a known thing and that had changed how funerals were held.  Instead of honouring a body, people came to honour the person.  No call had to go out, no obituary needed.  Every person present had known that they would be here for they had read John's book and knew the hour of this moment.

John had moved to the covered building and ripped the black silk off.  A pure white marble tomb had been built on the peak of the hill, with several steps circling the structure like a small Aztec pyramid.  The centre of it was an open floor with a plain marble sarcophagus dominating the middle.  Atop the stone coffin was a golden plate, with obsidian words inlaid.

>Here lies Peter Notting, forever resting in his home.  This was the city of London, and this has been built in the place of his home.

>Rest well, Peter.  You were greatest friend the world will ever know.  Know that you will be remembered for all of time.

>1902-1998

Peter read his own headstone and turned to the crowd, tears running freely down his cheeks.  He died then and there, at peace.  His last thought was the realisation that he recognised every face he saw.

Time Travel to Time Well Spent is officially sanctioned, but please limit visits to after 1915 to avoid early contact.  You'll really enjoy 1926.