It had been three years. I was twenty-four years old. Well, 879 years old, but I always looked twenty-four. I first found out that I could die from a bar fight, I was I believe twenty-seven years old at the time. There had been a knife and after multiple wounds, I figured I was dead. But my assailants had fled after calling me a freak I'm whatever language I spoke so long ago. Well, in the end it hadn't ended well for them when I found them again.

Ever since then I had craved the rush for the kill. The adrenaline, the fear in their eyes as they breathed their last... it was glorious. But I digress. I have gone by many names. Myths were inspired by me. My favorite title was Jack the Ripper. So many terrified in their homes, terrified of my brutality. The feeling is better than sex. 

Anyways, since then I had killed about every two years, multiple targets at a time, which led me to my current predicament. I once visited a monastery somewhere in Spain and slaughtered the monks, abbots, friars. Everybody. Later I took out the colony of Roanoke in a single night. I loved the thrill of wiping out an entire village or town, although it didn't happen very often. I hate pain, I feel pain, but when I am wounded, I am hurt but somehow I quickly regenerate, sealing all wounds and keeping me alive, but the pain is always present. 

So many deaths at my hands. I believe that God himself blessed me with my remarkable life force. Maybe there was no avenging angels, maybe that's what I'm meant to do.

Anyways, why I'm in prison. I had ravaged a small town, somewhere in Virginia, it had ended with some local cop, forever a hero, managing to knock me out and arrest me. I was tried and sentenced to life in prison, no chance of parole. It is hard to keep myself in check because there can be no physical consequences to my actions, I said something like, "I'll be there longer than this nation lasts," or something like that. 

Anyways, since then the wardens have kept a close eye on me, but they have begun to notice something with me. Of course, my appearance stays the same. After three years in maximum security prison I don't look any older at all. All my other prison mates have aged, even Keith, he's only been here six months. 

But that's not the only reason why they watch me so heavily. Due to my lack of censor, I am attacked quite often. But every ambush, every claim on my life has ended in failure. A man stabbed me in the neck when I was in the shower room. I pulled out the shiv and stabbed him in the stomach until a guard heard his screams and pulled me off of him. That was the first incedent that wasn't deemed an "accident." 

The Warden stood in front of me. "Mr. Calloway, what is it with you?"

"What do you mean?" I asked innocently. My two favorite things, one is playing devil's advocate, the second is acting dumb.

"What you did to McKennon, what the hell was that?" He shouted.

"Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but he attacked first, I acted in pure self defense." I stated. 

"You had barely a nick, it healed in a day!"

Not true, it had healed immediately, but I kept the blood to sell the wound. "But he would have tried again." I countered, growing bored of out discussion.

"But besides that, you look the same as when you walked in! Not a day older!" 

Shit, I was wondering when they would say something to me. "I was blessed with great skin," I tried to explain, "it runs in my family, if they were alive."

He bought it, he grunted some sort of agreement about my dead family and something about my skin. "Anyways, you'll have to spend the week in solitary, but besides that I think you're in in the clear."

The thing about the warden is that deep down, he really cared about us. Which almost made me feel guilt for what I was about to do. 

"Hey warden, do you think I can go back to my cell now? I wanna read some before bed." I lied. The warden undid my cuffs from the table and re-clipped them behind my back. He walked over and unlocked the door to the hallway. I grabbed my thumb and twisted it to the side. It cracked loudly and I slipped my hand through the cold metal. As soon as I do, my thumb healed. I placed one of my hands on his holster and the other on his shoulder. The warden turned at my touch and as he did I pulled the gun from his holster, disengaged the safety, and jammed the gun under his chin.

"Wanna turn around so I don't have to blow your fucking brains out?" I asked. Slowly he turned around. "Let's walk towards the exit now." Through the open door I saw a guard walk towards us. I rested the gun on the warden's shoulder and fired at the guard. The bullet tore through his neck, the gunshot echoing through the hallway. The normally noisy hallway went dead silent. Then slowly shouting began, as if they were crying in outrage.

"Shall we?" I asked the warden. 

Slowly we walked towards the exit. Guards followed us, guns drawn, but no one tried anything, I don't think they wanted to try anything with the warden's fate in my hands. Eventually we arrived at the gate, by some miracle it opened. Before I could thank the warden, a gunshot rang out and I felt a burning pain in my leg. I collapsed onto my right knee as the wound closed. 

"You shouldn't have done that." I called out to the guards standing up. I pulled the trigger on the warden.

Unfortunately, the bullet didn't go straight to the warden's brain, it blew off his jaw. When he collapsed, the others fired. Bullets tore through me but each wound quickly healed. I stepped out of the gate and took a deep breath. It tasted like freedom. I turned shot back. A few went down, but eventually the bullets stopped. "You guys are more clingy than my ex girlfriend." I called to them. You know what I could go for right now? Some coffee. I began my long walk towards the highway.