Doctor Micah pulled her face from the machine and fell back in to the wall, gasping for air.

“Did you see, Micah? Did you see it?” asked Doctor Cameron, pulling at her lab coat in a bid to help her to her feet. 

“I saw,” Micah said. “I saw it.”

“Isn’t it incredible?” asked Cameron.

“It’s like nothing I’ve ever seen before. It’s .. it’s glorious,” said Micah, who was now standing and gazing at the machine.

The door to the lab burst open. “I heard a fall, is everything OK?” asked Professor Price.

“She saw,” said Cameron.

“Then that makes three of us. Robert!” shouted Price, “get every single world leader on the phone right now.”

“What?” shouted Robert from down the corridor.

“I said get every single world leader on the phone,” repeated Price.

“I can’t hear you. Come closer or something. I don’t understand why you don’t just come closer,” said Robert.

“I was going for a urgent type of thing,” shouted Price.

“A what?” asked Robert.

**

All of the world’s leaders sat around a large table at the United Nations, rabbling away.

The noise within the room came to a standstill as Professor Price took to the large podium situated in the middle of the room.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, for years now I have been working on something super secrect. Perhaps the most super secret thing in history of ever,” said the professor.

Gasps rang out around the room.

“I know,” agreed Professor Price. 

“Well, what was it?” asked the Prime Minister of United Kingtec.

“My team have developed a machine in which we can see how history would have panned out if certain events were altered. Recently, we have taken to seeing just how life would be if the Aztecs did not discover Europe, but were discovered themselves instead,” said Price.

“And what are the ramifications of this?” asked the President of Azgermany.

“The results are, well, they’re incredible,” said Price, gripping the podium, stooping his head.

“What do you mean?” a voice called from the back.

“The colonisation of the Aztecs is truly horrific but the end justifies the means. It’s called Game of Thrones and it is birthed 519 years after colonisation of the Americas. It is truly the sweetest show you have ever seen,” said Price, a tear rolling down his cheek. “Think of your favourite show and then times that by like a million or something. That’s how good it is.”

Shrieks rang out amongst the benches.

“Preposterous!” shrieked the Prime Minister of Croatiatec. 

“Get this charlatan off the podium!” cried out the President of Luxemburgertec.

“As well as being able to simulate potential changes, we also have the ability to put them in to action. We can birth Game of Thrones. We can rewrite history, make things the way they were supposed to be. You must believe me,” pleaded Professor Price. 

The Professor was escorted from the podium and sat in a chair on the front row. A tall woman took his place and began speaking to the assembly. 

“As the speaker of this house I feel I should give my opinion on the claims made by Professor Price,” said the tall lady, representing Azfrance. “I happen to be the person who allowed Price to speak after listening to his pleas and visiting his Laboratory to confirm his claims.”

“Why did you not speak out sooner,” asked the leader of Turkeytec.

“I asked Professor Price to leave me out of it as I did not want to be a pawn in such a colossal decision. However, having seen the show Price speaks of, I must speak out. Ladies and Gentlemen, Price is not exaggerating, the show is truly at least a million times better than your current favourite show.”

The President of Azway stood from his seat, “Tell me, Lady Dupree, does this show have any cool magical swords?”

“It has a tonne of cool magic swords,” she replied.

“And what about a giants?” he followed up.

“I’m afraid it has giants, too.”

The President of Azway sat back in his seat and began to pray.

“I am not so easily swayed,” announced a dark man standing in the corner of the room. “Why would we alter the entire history of this planet for one TV show?”

Professor Price stood from his seat, “It has a 9.5 on the alternate timelines IMDB. A 9.5.”

The dark man looked towards Lady Dupree who was still standing at the podium, “is this true?”

“It’s true,” she confirmed. “8 seasons and the show has maintained a high 9 rating throughout.”

Whispers ran around the room.

“A 9.5 over that many season is unheard of.”

“I’ve heard it has giants in it.”

“I wonder if there are books.” 

“Order!” shouted Lady Dupree. “We will take a vote. Those in favour of altering history allowing the colonisation of the Americas in order to birth this Game of Thrones shall write on the paper in front of them ‘This sounds cool’. Those who do not wish to alter history will vote ‘On second thought, no’. Please come forward and cast your vote.”

The legions of world leaders wrote down their votes and made their way to the stage, placing their votes in to the ballot box. The votes were tallied up and it was up to Lady Dupree to announce the result.

“The result is in. 3 votes for yes, 48 votes for no.”

A quietness surrounded the room.

“When you think about it, it was a bit of a stupid idea to begin with," said Lady Dupree.

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.