It was 9:00 pm and it was the first big party of the semester. I was in my last year of psychology and I was ready to get high, drunk, and maybe even a one night stand. At around 11:30: "Bang!" and he was dead on the floor, everybody scattering around me. For some reason I was unable to move,frozen solid. He appeared out of nowhere, dressed in a black suit with a red tie. He scanned the area and took note of me, but payed me no mind. Tall with blond hair, blue eyes and a solid build, he stood next to the dead body and suddenly he opened a book, and spoke:

"Justin Walker, Age:20. You have been shot fatally because a fallout with your drug dealer. Let me introduce myself I am death, I am here to escort you to the afterlife"

"What?! I'm dead?", said Justin.

"Yes, now accompany me, this won't take long", said death.

At this point I was more curious than scared and decided to approach them.

"So you're death? Hi I'm Brittany, nice to meet you", I said.

To his surprise, he looked at me and asked "You can see me?". He opened his book again, I noticed that no matter where he opened the book it was always the page he was looking for. I walked around and took a peek at the book.

    Name: Brittany Taylor                                           Age: 21
    Height: 5'5"                                                    Hair: Brunette
    Weight: 130lb                                                   Eyes: Brown
    Notes: Baby face, Highly clairvoyant 

The notes went on, and on. Everything I ever did or said was there, I was in shock but he closed it before I could continue reading. He turned to me and said:

"It seems your can see me, due to being highly susceptible to spiritual energy, I suggest you forget what you have seen here. Me and Justin here have to be on our way"

"Wait don't go." But he dissipated into thin air, Justin still looking dazed and confused....

==

I was determined to see death, in a party around march and I carefully picked my target and took her to a secluded location. She was a heroin addict, knowing this I bought a lethal dose of fentanyl and gave it to her. For the first minute she thought it was the best thing ever and then the OD began. I didn't help her, I just watched and looked around at the person who would soon be here. There he was.

"Jennifer White, Age: 24. A lethal dose of fentanyl by..." He looked around and then he saw me.

"What are you doing?!", he said.

"I wanted to see you again and you only appear when people die"

"You thought this was the best way to see me again, what the hell?!" The spirit of Jennifer was just coming up from the body. "YOU KILLED ME?!"

"I just wanted to see death, this is the only way" She swung at me, futilely since she was just a spirit.

Death said, "Ok this is enough let's go, Jennifer"

They both dissipated in an instant. I gathered any trace of evidence I was there and left.

==

In April I decided to see him again, I just need to see him. I had gone to Miami beach with a few friends, once there I met Kendall Green. I had to improvise a way to kill her I suggested a night swim for everyone, everyone thought this was a great idea. Once out there I slowly separated us from the rest of the group, I put her in a head lock and held her underwater taking care to be as inconspicuous as I could once I knew she was dead I dragged her onshore and waited for the one I knew would come.

"Kendall Green, Age: 25. Drowned by..." And once again he looked up from his book to see me. 

"You... again? Why would you do this?"

"Don't you get it death, I'm doing this for us, you're the only one I'd kill for"

"Do you understand what you are doing? You're killing people, you are ending their lives. innocent lives just to see me! I'm death, I have no form and only do one job to escort people"

At this point I looked at the corpse, standing directly on top was Kendall, or her spirit at least, I had never seen a better expression of rage and confusion.

"You... you drowned me, I had a whole life ahead of me, I graduated this year. WHY?! I had only just met you..."

Death looked at her and then me and said "This, is what you're doing, don't let me catch you doing this again, please..."

Both disappeared from my sight, I fell to my knees and started sobbing. Everyone started to catch up to me and aghast at the sight. I just kept crying.

===

I was able to convince the police, she was drowning and I tried to help her. Seeing a weeping lady next to her friend helped sell the story. I felt bad, but more than that I felt like I needed to see him one last time, just one last time. In may, I decided to go out and look for a one night stand. That night I met Adam and followed him to his apartment. We arrived and had some wine in the kitchen, I pocketed a knife. In the bedroom he laid down on the bed and I playfully got on top. I then proceeded to grab the knife and stab it horizontally between his ribs, one big stab straight to the heart. 

"Adam Clay, Age: 19, Stabbed by...." and then he sighted...

"Death, I'm here please, I want to be with you", I said.

"Adam Clay, Let me introduce myself I am death, you have been stabbed by your one night stand." Death said as Adam emerged from the body.

"Death, please", I begged. 

"I am here to escort you to the afterlife Adam" said death.

"She killed me, that woman just killed me!" Adam yelled.

"I understand your confusion and anger, but we must be going"

"DEATH YOU CAN'T JUST IGNORE ME" I yelled almost at the top of my lungs.

Without a word they left. Disappeared, dissipated into thin air, and just like that I was alone with a corpse, crying my eyes out... again.

==

I took a shower and left, I knew my time was limited. The police would soon come find me. I had done a lot of research, into Death, The grim reaper, The shinigami, into all forms and they all shared one trait. That was the day, I used the remaining fentanyl I had gotten and decided *that* was the day I would meet him face to face. I felt like I blacked out and then like some surreal out of world experience I was standing on top of my corpse. Death just in front of me.

"Brittany Taylor, Age: 24. Death b..." 

"Death, I challenge you!" I interrupted.

"A challenge has been placed, by the rules of the realm, I hereby accept the challenge. Name your challenge and prize, note that it must be a fair challenge. Most people choose chess and a second chance at life."

"I want to be with you, forever"

"Ok, should you lose you can go to neither heaven nor hell, but I can assure you, you will be alone. Now name your challenge"

"A coin flip"

"Your are staking everything on a coin flip?"

"The way I see it, we would both have a 50% chance"

"I formally accept your challenge"

He materialized the coin out of nowhere. "Call it in the air" and he tossed it.

"Heads!" I said.

He lets it fall to the ground. It lands on tails.

"I gave it my best shot, I staked everything on being with you" I said beginning to disappear... but the last glimpses of death I had... I swear I could see a tear in his eye... "Bye".