Tl;dr at bottom

*TIFU by putting to many nails on the top shelf at home depot*

Ok, so obviously this didn't happen today, it happened about 2 years ago. I got a job at home depot in alabama just to make some money while i transitioned into the new home. 

The money wasn't anything great but the work wasn't anything to difficult and after my last job it was definitely a step up. So my job has me basically stocking shelves  and taking inventory, and putting in orders for items. Nothing to special right?

Well my trainer was an alcoholic and he definitely just wanted to be done with the job so he showed me any shortcuts possible. Anything to get on that smoke/drink break right?

Anyway my first day doing it myself came up and it went pretty smoothly. Nails on top, screws on bottom shelf, drills in the middle. 1,2,3, was how he taught me. 

I stocked shelves like this for the last two years and i come in today to see that the store is closed for renovation. With no heads up from our boss. 

Now my boss was an alcoholic(kinda goes with the job honestly) so when i saw him growing increasingly anxious throughout the years i didn't think much of it. 

He called me in and we had the following conversation (for the story we'll call him pepe sylvia [or just pepe])

Pep: We're all in deep shit here man, oh god this is bad.

*everything he said, was between sips from a flask that had jim dean in it, he wasn't even a good drinker, belching and doing those misty sneezes everytime he drank, just a real fucking mess*

Me: What's up?

Pepe: Delta, Glomach, and Trabajo all pulled. They said we haven't been selling enough of their products. That's a 35% drop in profits over the last two years. 

Me:The nails?

Pepe: Yeah, the fucking nails. What's worse is i can't even find them to take inventory. Yet sales reports show their being sold no problem. I DON'T FUCKING GET IT!!!

He slams some stuff on the desk. He flips a chalkboard over and it's covered in paperwork. Picture's of peoples faces, yarn tacked up connecting different papers together, phone numbers, pictures of crates of guns in warehouses, a fucking map? I'd never seen anything like this, but it was pretty obvious what happened. 

My boss was losing his goddamn mind. On the map all the yarn and trails lead to two places. At the top in arizona was my boss pepe, and at the other end was a small village in venezuela. Here in america all the yarn was green, and as the trails led back across the world and eventually to europe, the colors changed to yellow at the end of each string. 

Pepe: Look, i.. uh, you need to go home and not worry about this, don't worry you'll be paid the next few days, but we gotta shut down so i can sort this out.

Me: Well, look if there's anythi-

Pepe: Just go. This is my problem anyway.


So I went home and tried to forget whatever the hell happened when it finally came on the nightly news. Apparently the top shelf was supposed to be for discounted drills and tools to be taken to the other side and sold at rebate. The rebate section had a picture of what looked to just be a decorative map in behind where all the tools and stuff sat.

The bottom shelf was also color coded for some of my bosses friends. It was some way for the local cartel to tell when and where to ship guns and coke, and what days certain coastguards would and wouldn't be working. 

I had been screwing with the whole operation by following my halfassed trainers instructions and people were getting arrested everyday because of it. 

I have no clue what the link is, but ATF wants to ask if i know of my boss having connections to any Venezuelan gangs, and the italian mob running a transcontinental prostitution ring, with ties to child soldiers in venezuela. 

Somehow apl this is linked, but they told me the good news is, that it all comes back to the supplier in venezuela and their economy is really the only thing taking a hit.

Tl;dr I'm a regular guy who works at a home depot in alabama and for the last two year's i have been unknowingly destroying the venezuelan government. 

Doesn't make sense to me, but this is honest to god the whole story.

[Heres some Proof for those who don't believe me](http://www.pri.org/stories/2016-12-01/venezuelas-currency-value-depends-largely-one-guy-alabama-home-depot)