A slathering, delusional mass of half melted flesh and irradiated organs slams its fist not once, not twice, but thrice on a warped wooden door.

The house it approaches is a shell of that classic American suburban colonial, though the car in the driveway is twisted and blackened by fire.  The grass grows unkempt and wild in the yard, the shrubs long dead and gnarled guard the way to the front door.  Nearly every window is broken, most of the tiles from the shingled roof either MIA or broken, several holes letting sunlight through.

Before the bombs fell, it'd been a lovely area.  Good schools.  Quiet streets.  Lovely neighbors.  Back before someone, somewhere decided to press those big red nuclear buttons and send everything to hell.

Who pressed the button you might ask?

Does it matter?

Do you care?

Does it make any difference to the dead?

The ghoul at the door is moaning something, though if you weren't close enough it'd just sound like a dying animal.  Here it is strained and purposeful, loud and pervasive.  In the sterile neighborhood around it, nothing would dare investigate the noise.

If you were to come across this monstrosity in any other shape or form, you'd probably plug it full of lead.  And that's a reasonable reaction.  What distinguishes this being from the other tortured relics that resemble human beings is the impossible to miss mass of frosted tips clinging to a shrunken skull.

Large black shades hang loosely from the side of its face, and while it bangs on the door, the glasses rattle and almost fall to the dirt below.

Eventually the door swings open, and another mutated living corpse stands in the hollow darkness of a doorway.  Recognizing the intruder, it stands to the side.  Whether or not this comes from habit or human memory is irrelevant to either of them, though the wind outside begins to howl louder than usual.  

Someone, somewhere far away, fires a single shot.  It reverberates in still air, and is eventually followed by a cascade of answering gunshots.  In the wasteland, someone is dying.

They try to speak to each other, but cannot communicate beyond exaggerated gestures and motions.  Most ghouls can't even manage this, but these two individuals seemed to retain at least some semblance of intelligence.

The being with the frost tips lurches forward, almost losing balance and slipping onto a floor coated in decades of dust and grime.  It motions behind it for something to follow it, though once upon a time that might have been a camera crew.  An audience?  A crew?  Additional patrons to a roadside haunt?

Instead, it makes futile motions towards a howling wind and barren field.  To an irradiated and scarred land teeming with mutants and monsters, human and otherwise.

The being inside the dwelling politely stands to the side, allowing the regular visitor to enter.  It growls and walks around what had once been a kitchen.  In the center of the kitchen is an island with a still recognizable granite counter top, and upon it are an assortment of items pulled from the wastes outside.

The head of a rat, still dripping with a brown viscous something.  Several bones snapped in half and of various species haphazardly coat the surface as well.

Perhaps the most defining feature, as the ghoul with the frosted tips seems to become suddenly excited by, is a still unopened bottle of Nuka-Cola.  Coated in dirt and filth, but still untainted.

The ghoul with frosted tips lurches and wanders around the kitchen, pointing at items and speaking in a throat clogged with decayed flesh and dry sand like its explaining the purposes of ancient pots and pans.  It comes to the ingredients on the table, and the ghoul chef, wearing a tattered beige apron that had once been very, very white screeches and moans in response.  Both ghouls seem very pleased with themselves.

For a brief moment, the ghoul with the frosted tips again begins to speak to an imaginary audience of some kind. There seems to be some slight disappointment in the inflection of speech, but still it remains unintelligible.  Is it asking for the dried skin of one of the mutated lizards stalking the tall grasses that now grow in the street outside?  Is it asking for water or nutmeg or butter or a million ancient luxuries that no one would have again?

The suggestions are pushed aside, and both ghouls approach the ingredients. 

Carrying the items into a separate room slightly down the hallway, the ghoul with the frosted tips sees the waiting meal.

There's a man, bound and gagged, laying on a table.  He's coated in dried blood, clearly dazed and on the edge of death.  One leg is snapped in a completely unnatural form, while the bone of his left forearm protrudes through the flesh.  Hair long and matted, clothing rotted and cobbled together. 

Clearly a raider, definitely a sacrificial lamb from the local town down the road.  Better to satiate the ghouls by volition, rather than a massed raid of monsters in the middle of the night.  If a human was unlucky enough to meander into that supposed ghost town, they'd find a very efficient group of raiders more than willing to strip them of their weapons.  And their ammunition.  And their lives.

In unique cases, if the food stores were running low enough, the raiders were liable to strip the meat from your bones.

A rifle, put together by a thousand spare parts and rusted metal pieces lays useless against a wall.  Another relic of another time; when the chef ghoul had still been a man, albeit insane.  A broken window lets in late afternoon light, letting dust motes dance their way around the room.  Under foot, the ghouls step on shards of glass that still clack together.

The ghouls walk up to the man, who in his feverish haze can't seem to recognize what's happening to him.  Cracking the bones, they place them meticulously on the still moaning man in a rather random order.

The ghoul with the frosted tips turns to the empty doorway behind them and speaks again to an imaginary crew of some kind.  It explains something that neither it, nor the ghoul accompanying it really understand.  Motions of a past life and purpose that dissipated more than a hundred years ago.

With great approval from the ghoul with the frost tips, the chef ghoul cracks open the nuka cola and pours it directly into the face of their captive, who meekly shudders and coughs as the liquid soaks its way into his binds.

Finally, the chef ghoul gingerly places the rat's head on the cheek of the dying man.  The ghoul with the frosted tips makes wild gestures of approval, hooting into the rafters moldy and corrupted by mutated insects.  Clearly, the expert usage of a rat head served as an exceptional garnish to the dish.  Out in the hall, dried and dusty corpses lay awkwardly in the still rising layer of dust and ash.  Blackened dried blood splattered on pale and wilted wallpaper.

The chef ghoul and the ghoul with the frosted tips engage in a great conversation of some kind, though their voices now sound like they've been clogged by wet mud and leaves.  Perhaps one is expressing enjoyment, perhaps one is explaining the cooking process to a television crew who'd died by nuclear fire a long time ago.

Either way, the ghouls seem to be very pleased with themselves.  If their rotted collective brain matter could still truly express any kind of understanding or higher thought.

Together, they salivate over the dying man, still moaning and spluttering under the syrupy brown liquid seeping between rotted rope in clenched teeth.

Their mouths would salivate if they were still capable of producing saliva, but that doesn't matter.

All that remains is the faintest spark of memory, of being people.  When their kitchens smelled of spices and fats, of carefully prepared meals and joyous laughter.  One sought to spread happiness through visiting quirky eating establishments, hopefully bringing business.  The other spent years dedicated to his craft, hiding a quiet appreciation of a son who worked just as hard in that same kitchen.  He'd been a good boy, making one hell of a burger.  If you'd asked the chef ghoul about it, he would say nothing.  If you'd asked the man about it, he'd tell you how very proud he was.

They leer over the man now, jaws clacking and eyes rolling.  Not even lunacy in their eyes; only dull whites and scratched surfaces.  If they'd perhaps found shelter in time from the nuclear holocaust, maybe they'd retain some higher brain function.  But that was the way it went for the unlucky few, men and women who'd once been people but now were something else.

Things like this don't matter now in the wasteland.

Together, the ghouls clack to each other in enthusiasm, melted hands outstretched and grasping tufts of hair and flesh.

Then they begin to feast.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato