“Decayed neurological function.” “Hugely decreased neurological function.” I hated those phrases, every time I heard them on the radio. I have attention deficit disorder that got so bad I dropped out of college. I’ve been dealing with shitty neurological functions all my life. And my daughter—she didn’t speak until she was four. We thought she might be autistic, but it’s too early to tell. Was. I guess now it’s too late to tell. 

I know what they mean by it, at least kind of. They mean the virus, in addition to prolonging death and inducing an uncontrollable craving for human flesh, also limits your ability to be a functioning human being in a lot of ways. But one of the strangest things we found—it happened so quickly, so many people were turned unknowingly, so we didn’t have time to find out much else, but one of the strangest things we found—was that it didn’t affect the ability to speak. Sure, most zombies can only babble nonsense, or express primal needs, or put things in the simplest possible terms, but it‘s still uncanny. The ones whose vocal cords haven’t yet broken down talking nonsense to each other in the street, in human voices. And the way they stuttered and paused and couldn’t keep a line of thought sounded a lot like me. It was too much. 

I was listening to the radio, packing—we’d been in this house too long, my wife and I—trying not to think about it when I heard the pounding at the door and the most familiar wailing. 

Cynthia. 

She was turned early, back before people really knew about the virus, just went to kindergarten one day and didn’t come back. We have no idea what happened; she must have wandered off into the woods at recess, been infected by a student, missed her bus, something. I’ve been killing myself over it, and that’s probably why we stayed in this stupid oversized overexposed fucking middle-of-nowhere house so long, living on canned beans and never leaving the house without a baseball bat, instead of relocating to a colony. We’ve been clinging to the desperate hope that she’s somehow still out there, still pristine, not rotting yet, not turned. This area was always underpopulated, the only reason we’ve managed to survive this long. But we’re, God, we’re supposed to leave tomorrow, and something’s scratching at the door and calling out with my daughter’s voice. 

“Mommy? Ima? Mommy? Ima? Mommy?,” repeated Cynthia. My wife, making dinner, froze and looked at me. Neither of us could say a word. Peeking through the peephole, I tried to tell myself it wasn’t her anymore. Her cheeks sagged, her skull was exposed in places, she was covered in flies and sores. My God, though, her voice, the expression in that one remaining little brown eye. I wanted to fling the door open and take her upstairs and give her a bath and tuck her in bed. 

“Mommy,” she said again, visibly distressed that nobody was answering. I thought about all she must have come through to make it home. She must be so hungry. “Mommy I miss you? Ima ima mommy mommy? I miss you! Where are you?” Her tear ducts didn’t work anymore, but she sounded like she was crying. Through the peephole, more zombies, some of them about her age—no, God, her classmates—shambled up to the door, attracted by the sound. I could smell peas burning. My wife was gripping me by the waist hard enough to tear chunks out of my flesh. 

“Let’s go,” I said quietly. “We can leave early. Go out the back door. Traveling at night is probably better anyway—“

“MOMMY LEMME IN!”Cynthia scratched harder at the door. It didn’t sound like she was using fingernails, and I tried not to imagine the shards of bone that used to be her fingers, desperately clawing to get to a place that something in her brain associated with “safe” and “food.” She sounded like she did when she had tantrums, and her little face, what was left of it, was screwed up into a knot.

“We can’t go now,” my wife whispered back. “Let me by. I can take care of them.” 

“I’m not opening the door to a crowd of zombies!” 

“I‘m not leaving her like this!” 

“Mashed potatoes,” one of her classmates said outside. “I’m hungry.” “I’m hungry,” came the chorus of voices, and Cyndy joined in. “I’m hungry! I’m hungry and I want Ima!” 

If I had to hear her say her name for me one more time I was going to cut my fucking ears off. My wife had our bat in her hand and was brushing past me to get to the door.

“Please—“ I begged, “we’ll run them over with the car—I don’t want you to—“

The door opened and shut. I heard a crunch, and my daughter went silent. The door opened and shut again. 

My wife lifted me from where I’d fallen on the floor, blood on her shoes. “Let’s go. Now.” 