 -Part one, introduction



The class system that had been established after centuries of war, had ultimately benefit nobody.

The Ice-nobles ruled as viciously as you'd expect, condemning the rest of the elemental spectrum to a life of distinct class  restriction. The Desert-wares were the lowest caste in the system, and could do essentially nothing, but rot in the climates they were born into. (That isn't counting the Fire-wares, who aren't really a caste as much as they are rebels. They often intermingle between classes that accept the rising rebellion, determined to kill all nobility and start an age of freedom.) 

In the mid-section are the rock and agricultural classes, who's entire life is that of servitude. (They seem to be comfortable with this to an extent, as their lives are relatively easy, as long as their able to work with the Water-wares that is.) The Water- wares are more or less the soldiers, whether they like to believe that or not. They have the same rights as the Ice-nobles, however not the same privileges, that among other things is the only thing that separates the two classes. Water-wares are essential to the nobles as they're the only thing that stands between them and the fire-rebels.

Certain members of the Ice-Noble council have been known to be exceptionally cruel to people who break their system. (A collective dictatorship 'superior' to the rest.)
An example of their frozen empathy, lies no better than in young exiled Water-soldier, Anubis. It was honestly a tragedy and her passing will be mourned across the cosmos for eternity. Anubis of Pacific reign had unintentionally strayed too far from her ranks during a pursuit involving Fire-rebels. Her journey back to the blue half of the kingdom landed her deeper into the wastelands, until she inevitably found herself close to death. It was some time after she'd collapsed in the sand, that an older member of a Desert-ware clan found her. A boy, who was known by the name Mirage. 

"What's you're class ... can you hear me?" 

Mirage couldn't fathom a blue class being abandoned in the desert like this, but couldn't let her die. It would be risky for him to attempt a rescue of a Ice-noble, they were unkind to the most meaningful of gestures. It would be less hassle to let the girl die if that were the case. Mirage knew desert people who would rejoice at the death of such a person, not himself however. There was no joyousness in suffering.
After the Desert-ware was certain she was helpless, he set about trying to save her. Realising he could not pick her up and take her to safety, as the hot surface of his skin during the day would surely make her condition worse. 
There was no other option than to wait until nightfall when the desert wasteland's, temperatures dropped to below -50 degrees. (Something he was certain the girl would be more used to.) 

By the time the sun set, and a harsh chill brushed across the dunes, Mirage could feel his skin cool enough to drag the Water-ware to his clan. 

"You- you're-" The younger girl began as her eyes fluttered open, skewed by sand.

Mirage shushed her, kneeling down to press water to her fragile lips. 

"Why are you doing this for me, I-"

"You're human, right, just like the rest of us?" His dusty smile, ached her heart and warmed it like the relentless heat. 

The pair enjoyed a year of harmony before everything came crashing down around them like an avalanche. There are many who claimed in court, that, that must have been the beginning of their 'sinister love'. However Mirage would claim that the meeting Anubis was fate, and wouldn't regret it even if he could. 

Anubis smiled solemnly by all accounts of the jury. Her blue eyes swimming with memories of love and acceptance, it was the happiest she had ever been. Her husband was flighty and would often get himself into trouble, she prayed that they would not hurt him for speaking out too much about the sentence, whatever it may be. The moments after the trial happened as quickly as they'd escalated, ending with Anubis' head cracking the podium and her body hitting the cold ice floor she had almost began to forget. 

She heard Mirage and his horrified screeching before the consuming blackness welcomed her vision. He was yelling about the child inside her.

"Anubis of Pacific reign, you are to be exiled from this land, for fraternising below your class and producing a rebel child in the process. As you know, we can not kill you ourselves. As we took an oath not to kill our own, and it would be treason for any other class to do it, so you shall leave this Earth accordingly. Do you have any last meaningful words to express, before your departure into the furthest ring?"