\*Gets an X Ray from doctor\*

Doctor enters the room. "So Mr Richards we think we have answer to all your problems..."

Mr. Richards sits up straight ready to hear how to fix his misfortune. "Lay it on me doc," he says.

At that his doctor shifts and looks down at his clipboard. It looked as if he was trying to hide his face and avoid Mr. Richards' hopeful gaze. 

"I misspoke," the doctor shyly says. He finally looks back up from the clipboard. "When I said we have the answer to your problems. I should've said we have the answer to why you have problems..."

Mr. Richards cocks his head and remains quiet. He didn't know what the doctor was going to say next. 

"You see, with the Near-Death Initiative Act, or NDIA, was passed, it was done so that people would be able to see where in their lives they're lacking special attention."

"So like an alcoholic can see how many times he's been close to giving himself alcohol poisoning and therefore would cool it on the sauce," Mr. Richards offers an example.

"Precisely," the doctor says. "The problem with you is...you have a healthy life. A nice job in the city. You don't drink, smoke, do drugs and you take good care of yourself..."

Mr. Richards looks down feeling himself welt up. He wanted answers. How can a guy as normal as him be so close to death so often? "So I don't see what the problem is doc..."

"Well, I did some calling around and I talked to your mother. Mrs. Richards, lovely lady..."

"Can you just get on with it?"

"She told me about an accident you were in as a child. And to save you, you had an implant installed in the back of your head."

 "So what does that mean?"

"Well, the X Ray machine started to glitch out a bit when you were first getting observed. Me and the nurses were talking about it... and the only explanation we can come up with is... that metal plate in the back of your head is messing with electromagnetic waves. And whenever there's a thunderstorm. It may be attracting lightening. We think the only reason you're alive is because the lightening happens to miss you."

"So then get this thing out of me!" Mr. Richards yells jumping up from the table.

"It's not that easy," the doctor buffers. "The implant is there to replace a part of the brain that was destroyed in the accident your mother told me about. Your cerebellum would be greatly damaged if we were to take the implant out. You'd have no balance, you wouldn't be able to walk, eat with silverware. Like all parts of the brain. It's important."

"I see..."