"Oh crap, what do I do now?"  I thought, sitting on the side of the road near her body.  

I didn't expect Bloody Mary to sprint full-force into the back of my car.  But in hindsight, what did I expect?  I had called her name out in my mirror for fun to see what would happen.  It was a huge shock to actually see her appear, let alone start chasing after my car.  I guess it was a bit of a dick move to match her speed with my car when she was just a few feet away, then suddenly stop to see what would happen.  It was all fun and games until she bounced off and landed hard on the pavement.

Pondering my next move left me completely unaware of the police car pulling up on the side of the road.  It wasn't until the officer called out to me that I noticed him.  

"What's going on here?" He said loudly.  I quickly looked up at him and could see his hand near his gun.  Understandable that he would be extremely wary with a body lying on the ground.  I tried to explain everything to him.  It didn't work...  

"You expect me to believe that you actually SUMMONED Bloody Mary, and then she ran into your car??  Even if I did believe all of this, it still looks like you're at fault for hitting a pedestrian.  Wait right there, I have to check if she's still alive."  He started bending down to inspect the body.

"I don't know if that's a good idea," I blurted out.  "I-I mean, she IS Bloody Mary.  I just-"  The officer cut my words off with a glare.  

"I said wait there.  You do know I'm going to read you your rights soon.  I suggest you follow them starting now.  I need to call for some backu-" His words were cut short as Mary's arm shot out and wrapped around his neck.  

She slowly stood up, her arm lifting the officer up until his body was dangling a few inches above the ground.  After a couple seconds of him writhing around trying to free himself from her grasp, she quickly crushed his neck in her fingers.  It took a few more seconds for him to stop moving.  She slowly turned her head towards me.

"You're going to pay for that little prank," she whispered in a low voice.  A smile crossed her face, and she said "Give me your car keys."

"What are you going to do with them?" I asked.  

"I'll give you a choice.  I can either drag you to Hell right now, or you can give me your keys and start running down the road.  Don't worry, I'll match your speed.  For as long as I feel like it."

&#x200B;