Curiosity had always been alone. He was there when the body first thought, and he was the one at the controls from then on. The line between emotion and person became quite blurred when there was only one to make all the decisions in the control room, and that was quite outwardly apparent. Ever since her could first move on his own, Mike had an insatiable desire to discover things and understand them. There was a time when he was merely five that he pulled on of his battery powered army men apart just to see how they worked. 

But now, Mike is twenty-two. He's figured out most mundane things that one would encounter in a daily basis, and Curiosity is still the Lon force driving him these days. Every single memory contained here being similarly shaded light blue, and each a new discovery. At the core vault, were discoveries they couldn't let go of, the few that were different. 

There was a nearly perfect white one, the moment he figured out how to move around, that memory was the perfect time for him as his wonders of the world were slowly able to be sated from there. 
Then, there was when Mike read his first book. The ability to process previously discovered knowledge was an absolute marvel to Curiosity and rested at a light glowing grey. 

But the others were memories kept to keep them safe, like the dark blue one, the memory of first rejection. Meant to steel them against the rejections that everyone faces every day. Or the near abyssal blue, the reminder that pain comes in many forms as it was the day Mike fell down the stairs and broke his arm as well as scratched up his entire cheek. 

That's all in the past, however, and today Curiosity had a curious thought. What if there were others like him inside other people, how'd they get there? How were they working? Were they curious as well? Could he meet them?

Try and try as he might, he couldn't get Mike to find any information about them. Nothing came up online, and searching the library yielded no results. So, curiosity thought. Maybe it's time for some field research. As Mike donned his coat for the frigid winter air, Curiosity wondered where best to begin. 

After a time of searching, plan hatching and researching. Curiosity had lead Mike to make this decision several times now. And as they took the scalpel in hand, and made the first incision along the front of her skull, Curiosity held a steady control on Mike's hand to refrain from letting her expire before the research could be done. This simply didn't seem to be working post-morgen. 

Another failed attempt. Mike wasn't very well suited for keeping subjects alive long enough to discover anything of note. Next time, Curiosity would try something different. 

Staring down at the table once more, the man lying there would likely survive a few more hours before needing medical care as bleeding had been suppressed from the wound. Now carefully, Mike sat down next to the table, scalpel held against his own forehead as Curiosity guided his hand. 

It seemed so simple, if Mike couldn't get in and discover them, then Curiosity could do it easy enough. Right? He'd pop over figure it all out and be back in a snap, easy as pie. So, with the plan in mind, the knife went to work. 

Nothing really goes according to plan though, which curiosity found out as the knife carved in to his control center, opening a space for his escape but absolutely decimating what control could be put over Mike. As he tried desperately to escape, the systems within Mike began to shut down. Just as the last lights were about to flicker out and plummet, Curiosity gave Mike his final thought. 

"What happens when you die?" 