They stood around his deathbed, tears streaming from their eyes. The man lying before them had brought them up, raised them, taught them everything they knew. They were a family, he was their father, and he was dying. Their soft crying would momentarily pause with the recollection of a cherished memory, only to resume as they remembered where they were.

“Friends,” whispered Attelon the Great, “We have achieved so much. We slew the Beast of Cubaria and redistributed its horde amongst the peasants. The Slum Lord of Winess recanted his evil deeds before our combined might and made good with his victims. We discovered the Fountain of Healing and opened its gates for the good of all. We found each other when we needed a hand, and we grew beyond our individual potential to reach a higher plane. I love each and every one of you.”

His eyes, milky and blind from the ravages of age, appeared to see through time its self as Attelon the Great looked upon his trusted companions at the closing of his life. He gave each of them a final smile, before he passed away to the realm beyond.

The followers of Attelon the Great bowed their heads in a moment of silence. Past the ceremonial time for the rites of the deathbed, they remained as still as statues. They were frightened.

What would happen now? The most powerful wizard, who had defeated the worst villains in centuries, was gone from this world, and he took his magic with him. Would the Slum Lord of Winess rise again, and turn the worlds masses into his thralls once more? Would the redistributed wealth of the Beast of Cubaria vanish from the homes of the folk? How would the trades and guilds maintain their prosperity? Would the countless sick, cured by the Fountain of Healing, succumb to their maladies? How could the world continue if the magic of Attelon the Great had vanished?

Fogault was the first to raise his head. He looked around at his companions, the Followers of Attelon, legends in their own right, and knew they what they needed at that moment.

“Friends,” Fogault said, his voice still weak from grief, “We need a new leader.”

The Followers of Attelon raised their heads from their mourning. They stared at Fogault, surprised by his audacity, but they knew he was right.

“Attelon the Great meant everything to us, but we must focus on the future,” Fogault continued. “A new leader must emerge to keep the spark of Attelon alive, and to maintain his legacy of peace and prosperity throughout the world.”

They nodded their heads in agreement. Several looked down to the corpse of the man they had loved to remind them of the burden that Attelon had just bequeathed to them.

“My friends,” said Balt as he wrenched his gaze from his old master, “Attelon planned for this. We should love our new leader the same way we loved Attelon, and we all know who he believed should lead us after his death.”

“Me,” said Remos and Landren simultaneously.

There was silence in the room. The first disagreement in twenty-five years had shocked the Followers of Attelon to their core.

“Um,” said Balt with a sour tone, “I meant me.”

“You?” asked Staeler, with a derisive chuckle. “Attelon found you in a ditch! My father was the Lord of the Three Hills, it is obvious who Attelon knew would succeed him.”

“Yes, he would have chosen me!” said Fogault, puffing out his chest. “Attelon valued bravery above all else! Which of you faced a Skalding Moray alone?”

“We only pretended to be impressed,” said Landren. “We all saw who Attelon gazed at the longest as he died. He chose me, now lets agree to that to attend to the bigger issues.”

“He was looking at your freakish chin,” whispered Remos under his breath.

“What was that?” said Landren, his face flushed purple. “Is that a joke at my goblin heritage?”

“What heritage?” said Staeler, “You mean what your people stole from my family?”

“Oh please,” said Balt, “Your family got rich off the backs of peasants. You are as bad as Winess!”

“Stop this bickering at once!” Shouted Fogault, placing his small body in the middle. “I forbid you from saying another word!”

“Oh, look at that,” laughed Landren, “An Elf with an superiority complex, what a surprise.”

“I’m warning you!” yelled Fogault as he shook a tiny fist at the goblin’s shin.

“I’m the biggest, I should lead,” said Landren.

“No, no, wait, stop,” said Balt, raising his hands and stepping into the middle of the group. “We can’t fight. What would Attelon have said if he saw us like this? Put the wands down.”

They took a step back, realizing their wands were in their hands. Ashamed, they turned to Balt, who provided much wisdom during the life of Attelon, and listened to what he had to say.

“We all respect one another,” Balt said, “Think of what we accomplished! We can continue the work of Attelon the Great by working together! Now, keeping in mind the respect we have for one another, I propose a vote. All those in favor of me as the leader?”

Balt raised his hand, no one else did.

“Oh come on,” he said, “I thought that was a good speech!”

“All those in favor of me!” shouted Fogault as his hand shot to the sky. No one else moved.

“I see what’s happening,” said Staeler. “We are all going to vote for ourselves, aren’t we?”

In a flash, Remos whipped his wand into a Noose of Fire and ripped Landren’s arm out of its socket and grabbed it in mid air.

“I vote for me and so does Landren!” exclaimed Remos.

“You centaur bastard!” yelled Landren as he hit Remos square in the chest with a hex.

And so the followers of Attelon the Great fell on each other. Their rage was untethered, their fondness forgotten. The friendship they had gained along the way was broken, the magic lost with the death of Attelon.