Eddie nervously scratches his shaggy hair, then spreads the dandruff all across his beige Christmas sweater. "God damn snow always on my hair".

"Hahaa", Raj let out a soft chuckle, still unsure if his now familiar companion was crazy or just old, or both. 

"All right, so it's a right  after the lobby to the elevator, and then two floors up" Eddie stated, whilst eating some peanuts. 

"And then third door on the left, I got it Eddie, but thank you", Raj said, a smile leaking on his face as his eyes take in the Boston streets on a summer night.

Eddie is a restless soul, the type who seems to suppress random thought with random action. So it's easy to predict when his brain has led him astray.

Raj notices this, "Hey man, you a little nervous, everything okay?"   

"Oh my friend, I'm very fine thank you. Just, be patient with him yeah?" Eddie asks in a compassionate tone, handing him the bag of Planters.

"Always, he'll get it, today's the day, this will work", Raj replies, building up assurance as he speaks.

--

"Helloooo, who's there, Eddie?" The man asks in a gregarious tone, seated on a comfy coach. The corduroy pants he's wearing make his sturdy legs look like an extension of the furniture, like they're settled in. A part of the room, a part of the asylum.

"Hey Dave, it's me, how are you dude?" Raj says, as his hands gesture and ask for the cushion seat next to Dave.

"Hey Raj, yea go for it. Just watching Will do his thing" He states, then brings his attention to the 20 inch screen in the corner of the room. Fresh Prince Of Bell Air is on, Raj plops down and opens the Planters bag slowly.

"That man is a national, no, a global treasure" Raj states, enthusiastic to build some rapport.

"Ahh, a fellow fan of the Smithsonian. Favourite film?" Dave turns and asks Raj.

Raj pauses, this could make or break the rapport. Does he go for the critically acclaimed mature stand out performance in I Am Legend? Does he show how storied his fandom is with an older movie like Six Degrees of Seperation? Does he go for the oddball pick of Hancock? 

Raj opens his mouth, takes a dramatic pause, and then says "Hitch".

Both erupt in laughter that echoes down the empty hall.

Suddenly the vibe is open, relaxed. Raj feels elated and then immediately sad, he's got to take advantage of this moment and start the therapy.

"Ey Dave you want some peanuts?" Raj asks, with a lighthearted smile but serious eyes.

Dave doesn't notice, "Yea man, I could go for some" he says.

Raj extends the bag over to Dave. Dave reaches for some, but his hand falls through the bag and then Raj's arm.

"ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS RAJ, YOU TOLD ME YOU WEREN'T" Dave exclaims

"DAVE, BREATHE, breathe... breathe, it'll be okay" Raj says, wanting to hold Dave, embrace him, but knowing he can't. 
