The trees were flashing green in the light. It had been so long since we had seen green, or even light. Nothing but the bunker walls. Cold concrete, sterile lights, ladders leading to the surface locked. No one in our family had been outside in seven generations, even Grandpa couldn’t give any advice on what to expect. It was all anyone could talk about for the last few years. Once again it was happening. Once again we would ascend our caves into the world of light to see the fate of those before us. 

Long ago, our planet changed. It happened suddenly and none of the scientists could explain why. Geologists blamed the increase in earthquakes from fracking. Astrologists claimed it was the satellite that exploded into the sun causing the sun flares. Others said it was the temperature increases across the world due to man-made global warming. None of us ever found out. We were chosen to ‘save’ the race and crawl into our holes, protecting our species from the potential of permanent eradication. 

Every generation we sent up a team of our version of astronauts to explore the land. For hundreds of years the results were grim. The habitable planet we once knew vanished and turned into a world of deserts, both cold and warm. Our group was chosen to protect mankind, but the others began to follow that little patch of land that became known as Eden. For whatever reason there was that spotlight of growth shining through, and they followed it. 

There was no way for us to communicate with them once we went down. Every generation the astronauts would rise up doing everything they could trying to reconnect, learn the fate of those before us. Every time they were disappointed in their attempts at communication. Even more disappointed in the field results on the planet’s surface. Nothing would grow, it was hopeless. 

8 years ago was the last mission to the surface. Nine of the fifteen who went up didn’t make it back. However, those who returned were wearing smiles and proclaiming savior. The soil was stabilizing enough to stimulate the small plants and herbs and a lake had formed nearby. The water was fresh and rumors formed that there were fish. For a full scale return to the surface, extensive planning was necessary. But there were plants! and fish! 

Finally the preparations were nearly complete and it was time for action. I had no idea what to expect. No one did. When the final exit was opened and the sunlight hit my face for the first time in my life, I cried. What had my ancient grandfathers traded for this life in a hole? I was such an explosion of internal rage, but the light felt so warm and soft. I jumped up the ladder and my feet squished into the mud. My feet had never felt a surface that wasn't concrete. I didn’t know whether to scream in pain or joy. Everywhere around me there were people embracing, laughter. We all felt like real human beings for the first times in our lives. 

The one who noticed it was standing near the opening to our home, the steel cover that had protected us for so long. It looked like an ordinary rock that we all had learned about in our reemergence classes. But something was carved into its side in clear, almost hypnotic letters: “Let Us In”