Shanty is buzzed up on Dreddy again.
I want her to stop so much. She’s so much better when she stops. Her art is so much more beautiful when she stops.
She can’t stop. She won’t stop. 

Sometimes she shows up to the falconing parties with the red eye. Sometimes she even shows up to the children’s parleys with the red eye. She’s been getting buzzed up on Dreddy.

She described it to me as being torn apart in a poison tornado of ecstasy and torture. She hates herself in the morning but she says she can get more done on the Dreddy. Well, sometimes she comes out and she is on, but she pays the debt later. 

Dreddy gives her the shakes something fierce at night. Some nights it makes her scream like a harpy in heat. If she doesn’t take it in the morning she starts getting the blue eye. She starts getting the purple teeth, the ones that shine like stalactites and stalagmites in the level of hell where even demons themselves get sent.

She got it for the first time from one of those travelers. What do they call them? Yu, Yu, Yuans? Yumans? Ah, right, humans. Humans. Apparently it occurs naturally in their bodies. It’s released when they are in fear, or danger. It is a natural product, for them. They wanted to use their own power for themselves, so they eventually found a way to extract it. They used it to give themselves power in times outside of duress. You need some juice to power through the consequences of your alcoholism and get your day job done, you dred. You ever get so drunk that you manage to take a lady or two back home but you can’t get your skenken up? Dred it up. Ever get in a fight you couldn’t win? Good thing you dredded earlier.

Those skubs made contact with the other civilizations. Well, with us. They found us first. We knew all the others, well, all the others to be known. 
Relations were peaceful. We began to trade. We became a sort of intergalactic intersociety. As with any society, a black market eventually erupts like pus from a steamy old gash… 

They started selling to the Prebians first. They always had a grip of the vice. Then the Happons. Little by little, everyone began to partake in the incandescent wonders of the Dred. 

Shanty’s friends tried it. They loved it too much. They told her she had to try too. She had always been straight laced, and at first she had refused with the vehemence of a sick rhino. They wore her down slowly. Eventually, in her own distraught mind, she broke down and did it for a boy. Kazko.

In the end, the boy didn’t care about her and she was addicted to Dreddy.
Fucking humans took my sister. In my anger I killed Kazko. Now I'm on the run. Now I’m on the dred, too.
