The sound of my wife's caring voice was the first thing I heard when I awoke from my sleep. 

"The sun's up darling, time to have breakfast! And then, maybe later we can go down to those hot springs we found last week."

That sounded like a fantastic idea. But deep down, I knew that even *that* wouldn't shake this feeling I'd had for years. It started so slowly that I hadn't even noticed it. At first it was easy to ignore, and it didn't take much effort. As the weeks went by, the feeling slowly grew stronger, and trying to ignore it became the main objective of any given day. By now, it was all consuming. This feeling of existential fatigue eventually grew so strong, that I would describe it today as an incessant, foreboding sense of crisis.

"Mhmm" I mumble as I roll out of the bed. I turn to look at Claire, my wife. She has a beautiful mane of auburn hair, with smooth, clean skin and brown eyes that seem to burn with a fire to match the passion in her soul. As I gaze at her a single thought crosses my mind - It's almost as if she hasn't aged a moment since the day we first met - but I dismiss it.

Claire draws the curtains too fast and the noise raps through my mind, but the scrape of the rungs against the rail isn't even enough to cut through the fog of fatigue in my mind. Suddenly light floods in through the window. Looking at the rays of sunlight bathe the room, a single thought crosses my mind - I could have sworn the sun used to be more warm and vivid - but I dismiss it.

I walk into the bathroom to brush my teeth, performing the usual monotonous routine of lifting my toothbrush from the rack, twisting open the cap of the tube of toothpaste, squeezing some toothpaste onto the brush, turning on the tap, wetting the toothpaste, and finally brushing my teeth. While brushing my teeth, I look into the mirror for a moment that seems to last an eternity, analysing my reflection as if looking for myself in a stranger. As my hand circles back and forth, the back of my hand catches my eye, and I become fixated with it as I brush my teeth. Back, and forth. Back, and forth, Back, and forth. A single thought crosses my mind - I could have sworn I had a large permanent scar across the back of my hand from a knife accident as a child - but I dismiss the thought.