They arrived on June 6th, 2018. They hovered just above the stratosphere for weeks, completely still and seemingly without reason. Meanwhile, the world was thrown into chaos, people convinced that this was finally the doomsday event to end them all. Riots broke out in the streets across the globe and crime skyrocketed. World leaders worked together to try and understand their motives and establish contact, but no human form of communication seemed to elicit a response from them. They found no detectable forces or signals emanating from any of the ships.

The United States were the first to try to make direct contact with one of the ships, by sending high altitude jets to circle the massive spacecraft. They surveyed their exterior and found no identifiable entrances or exits, no beacons for communication to other ships, nothing that showed beings even lived aboard these ships. There was also no obvious source of thrust keeping them in a hover against gravity, something about these ships that puzzled scientists more so than anything else. China was the first nation to propose the idea of attacking first. Warnings had already been made to the extraterrestrials many times, though it was unclear if any of the ships even understood the messages. After 6 weeks, the spacecrafts made the first move. Thousands of ships, located above all major cities on the planet, all projected a blinding white light that covered hundreds of square miles below. Within seconds, the energy from the light beams caused buildings to crumble on their own foundations. Humans in direct contact to the force had their bones weakened to the point of them crumbling and breaking under even the minor weight of their own flesh; killing those who were exposed for more than a few seconds.

These attacks caused outcry across the globe. At least half the population of the planet was just killed in minutes in a completely syncronized attack. World leaders quickly decided that using force was now their only option. The United States launched the first conventional weapon at the ship above Los Angeles only minutes after the initial attack. Despite the size of the craft, the missile shredded through the mysterious material that made up its exterior like a hot knife through butter. It detonated inside, and despite its relatively small yield, completely obliterated the alien spacecraft. Word quickly spread about the weakness of these ships, and nations around the world began firing upon them, reducing their numbers by the hundreds. Despite this, it seemed as their motive was almost robotic in nature, programmed to simply kill all life on the planet for the unknown beings who sent the ships here. Ships that were not destroyed moved to smaller cities and initiated the same attack every time. Fragments recovered by scientists showed no sign of life aboard any of the ships. 

Over the course of the next few weeks, the ships were slowly reduced in number. Spacecraft located over poor regions of the world without access to missiles were destroyed by neighboring nations. Within 3 weeks, none of the mysterious foreign spacecraft were left; and still leaders from around the world were  dumbfounded as to the motives of their actions. What was clear though, is that whatever sent these machines of destruction must certainly come to finish the job.