"Holy shit."  
"Jensen, you know what we have to do. So many lives are at risk."  
"But... my wife."  
"Dammit man, this is more important than your marriage! We need to save everyone who might follow!"  
"Okay. Fine. I'm headed back to let them know. Don't die before I get back."  
"No promises."  
  
**\*ARES TO SATCOM: WE WERE WRONG. PLANET INHABITED. DO NOT SEND RESCUE.\***  
  
---------------  
  
Jensen and Taylor jerked as the lander set down on the Martian surface.  
  
"Touchdown successful," murmured Jensen as his grip on the flight stick loosened. He turned towards Taylor, who was poring over readings on his terminal.  
  
Taylor turned towards Jensen and nodded. "Habitat functional. Life-support optimal."  
  
Jensen grinned as he started the power-down sequency, comms going offline. "Guess it's time we moved in."  

---------------  
  
Taylor guessed that they had been in captivity for about 2 days. The creatures were humanoid, and somehow were able to speak within the minimal atmosphere of Mars. The sound barely carried, and what little they could hear sounded faint, like a light breeze.  
  
Inside the... well, MARTIAN habitat, the air was more substantial. And breathable. Normally there were dozens of regulatory checks to make before breathing the air but after Jensen's helmet was unceremoniously ripped off and he DIDN'T die, well, to hell with regulation.  
  
The Martians weren't unattractive. Red of skin with black stripes and accents to frame their angular cheekbones and pointed ears, Taylor could easily see them in any of the dozen Star Trek series he'd grown up watching. He observed with surprise that they seemed to fall under two different genders that were equivalent to humans. Their eyes were the key feature though. Completely jet black. You never really understand how important pupils are to reading faces when you don't have them to compare to. If he had to guess, Taylor would assume they were either angry or, well... they HAD to be angry.  
  
The small creatures that were forced into the ears of the two Earthlings reinforced that idea, at least initially. The searing pain that struck Taylor's brain made him cry out for a few seconds, and somewhere in his addled mind he noted Jensen was screaming out as well. Then the pain subsided, and a voice, feminine in nature, was heard.  
  
"I trust you can understand us now?"  
  
Taylor's obsession with science fiction immediately connected the dots. It was a universal translator, a babel fish of sorts. Looking towards his co-worker and friend, Taylor saw that he too had made the connection. It was Jensen that spoke next.  
  
"Let me guess... radio transmissions?"  
  
The Martian nodded. "This, and our long-range scans gave us access to your knowledge databases. The internet, you call it."  
  
Taylor frowned. "You had access to the internet, but didn't attempt to communicate with us?"  
  
The Martian laughed, as several more entered the room. "Oh, we tried, Mr. Taylor. Yes, we know who you are, we have the internet remember? Our initial communications with your species did not go so well. Apparently our attempts at first contact were misconstrued as being 'trolls' trying to get the first comment in on articles and videos."  
  
"That was YOU?!" Jensen laughed despite the situation. "You didn't try any more reasonable means?"  
  
"Oh, we attempted to edit our home's wikipedia page to no avail. And we posted on /r/conspiracy all the time. I guess nobody believes those anymore. Or rather, those who do are not the kind that work the intellectual occupations of your world."  
  
Taylor snorted. "Yeah, you kinda fucked yourself on that one."  
  
One of the other Martians gave, well... a knowing smirk? "I believe your species would call that statement, uh... the pot calling the kettle black?"  
  
The two astronauts looked at each other with concern. "Excuse me?" asked Jensen.  
  
"We have a very strict immigration and travel policy on Mars," the first Martian explained. "Unauthorized entrance into our sovereign domain is punishable by death."  
  
Taylor shivered in spite of himself. "Well, that's not good."  
  
All of the Martians seemed to smile. "It's a mixed bag," one of the Martians replied.  
  
"Excuse me?"  
  
"Our ideal means of execution has actually been described fairly accurately, though entirely coincidentally, in one of your old televisual programs," the Martian explained.  
  
Another Martian continued. "I believe it was called Futurama."  
  
Taylor, a huge fan of the show in question, began filing through the episodes in his head. His eyes widened. "You don't mean..."  
  
A curt nod. "Yes. Death by 'snu-snu.'"  
  
Jensen's brow furrowed in confusion. "I'm lost."  
  
Taylor sighed. "Death by copious amounts of sex."  
  
"Holy shit."  
  
Taylor turned to Jensen, his expression solemn. "Jensen, you know what we have to do. So many lives are at risk."  
  
Jensen nodded slowly, but his face went stricken. "But... my wife."  
  
A slap to the face. "Dammit man, this is more important than your marriage! We need to save everyone who might follow!"  
  
Jensen saw the look on Taylor's eyes. The strange mix of fear, of anger, and... happiness? He sighed, though a grin broke onto his face.  

"Okay. Fine. I'm headed back to let them know. Don't die before I get back."  
  
Taylor's face broke out into a wide, toothy smile. "No promises."  
  
After a quick explanation, interrupted by Taylor asking "so which of you is first?", Jensen made it back to the lander to send one final message.  
  
**\*ARES TO SATCOM: WE WERE WRONG. PLANET INHABITED. DO NOT SEND RESCUE.\***