If you put it nicely, you would say that Chad had not been a very good person in life.  Most people who actually knew Chad would not be bothered to put it nicely, however, and Chad was self-aware enough to know it.  So when a low level mob enforcer put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger after being accused of cheating at poker, Chad was not surprised to realize that nobody would miss him.  What did surprise him, however, was when he found himself sitting in a high-backed wooden chair facing a pale, gaunt man in a black robe across a chess board.

When the man spoke, it was contrary to his appearance.  With an upbeat and energetic voice, said, "Greetings, Chad.  I am Death.  As you have no doubt heard, I am here to challenge you to a game of chess in exchange for your life.  Should you win, you will be granted a boon, but no one has ever beaten me," he paused, "I think," his voice faltering a little at the end.

Getting over his initial surprise, and realizing he was nowhere near intimidated, Chad greeted the man back, "Hello, Death, chess isn't really my game, can we play something else, like 'Rock, Paper, Scissors'?"  This was a lie, of course.  Chad's grandfather had taught him how to play chess as a child; it was the favorite pastime of the elderly in preparation for their showdown with Death.  Everyone knew of The Game.  Everyone *knew* that beating death meant keeping your life.

Death froze a little at Chad's suggestion, a shadow passing over his features, as he absently muttered, "Rock..." but he seemed to recover a few seconds later to smile weakly, "We both know the answer to that question, Chad.  As is tradition, I shall play black, and you may go first as white."

Neither Death's initial slip nor the reaction to his suggestion had eluded Chad's notice.  As he moved his first piece, he realized that he might just win this.  After Chad's grandfather taught him to play chess, he used that knowledge to cheat other elderly people out of their money by playing them in chess, suggesting that offering money as a prize for winning would give them the same kind of incentive as fighting for their life would do.  What they didn't realize was that Chad chose his opponents carefully, choosing to go after those who were not quite all there anymore.  Those that got easily confused, got distracted, were forgetful, or on the cusp of dementia were his favorite targets.  It was easy to do this as a child, as the elderly just naturally trusted children, and he had to give it up when he became an adult, but he never forgot how to pick an easy target.

As the game had progressed, changes came over Death.  Aside from the initial greeting, he had not said much, and while initially, Death seemed mostly focused on the game, every move caused Death to become more distracted.  His emotions played across his face like he was remembering things; some good, some bad.  Despite this, however, Chad realized that Death was still winning, and he was going to have to do something soon.  Then, it happened.  Death took Chad's queen, which caused a cascade of emotion on Death's face, like he was recollecting something important.  He stood up, turning from the board for a brief moment, and Chad used all the experience he had learned as a child, playing against the elderly and using his greatest skill...

He cheated.

Quickly arranging the board, Chad set it up so that no matter what Death did, he was going to lose within a few more turns.  Even the most optimal set of moves for Death would result in a loss in the next twenty turns.  Chad would win!  He would live!

Sitting down again, Death's face looked more focused than ever.  He examined the board like an IRS agent looking at a tax return with an axe to grind and paused, saying, "Did you..."

"Take my turn?  Yes, I did.  It's your turn, now." interrupted Chad, keeping his best poker face on and hoping that Death would just accept it and move on.  Death stared at the board, glancing up at Chad then looking back at the board.  One second turned into two, two turned into five, and just as Chad thought that Death was going to accuse him of cheating, Death moved his next piece; his displeasure evident on his face.

The result went as planned.  In another three moves, Chad put Death's king into check.  Eight moves after that, Chad stated, matter of factly, "Checkmate!"

A sound arose from Death; small at first, but building into a keening wail that ended with a nearly incoherent denial of reality which ended with Death violently flipping the chess board, scattering the pieces around the room, some shattering when hitting the walls and ceiling.  For the first time, Chad felt fear; bone chilling terror that left no room for courage.  He had won, but he had no idea what to do, and Death seemed entirely irrational.  At this point, Death was storming around the room, rambling like a madman, clearly not in control, and certainly not in any state to deal with the outcome of the game.  The quiet creaking of hinges caught Chad's attention while Death continued to rave, and a man in a toga beckoned Chad toward the door.  Chad quickly moved toward the door, keeping an eye on Death, who seemed to have forgotten about him.  When he got closer, the man opened the door further, making a much louder creaking noise in the room.  This time, Death noticed and looked.

"HADES!!"  Death roared and charged the door.  

The man Death named as Hades quickly grabbed Chad and pulled him through the door, slamming it in Death's face.  Clearly, Death was unable to open the door, but from what Chad could hear through it, it was not due to a lack of trying on Death's part, and it seemed to cause him no end of agony.  Chad found himself in a long hallway with several doors just like this one.

"He's quite worked up in there, isn't he?" the man directed at Chad.  "Sorry, I did not introduce myself, though I suppose our friend Sisyphus in there just did: I am Hades.  Lord of the Underworld."

Chad was still a little fearful of the possibility of Death bursting out of the door at any minute, and turned his head a little to speak to Hades, but kept facing the door, "I-I'm Chad.  Did you say Sisyphus?  Like, from the Odyssey?  The guy who had to push the boulder up the hill only to have it roll back down again every time?"

Hades chuckled and placed his hand on Chad's shoulder, pulling him away from the door and leading him down the hallway, "The very same!  Unfortunately, after a couple hundred years of pushing the boulder up the hill, he went insane, so we needed to find another way to torment him.  We decided to take away his memory of his punishment and told him that he would earn Elysium if he would win a game of chess against a recently dead man.  The man thought himself quite clever in life," Hades paused, looking as if he remembered something unpleasant, before shaking it off an resuming, "And so he readily accepted.  So, we named him Death and sent him off to play the game.  Of course, as the game progressed, he remembered more and more of his life and punishment so that by the time the game would come to a close, he would remember everything and be in no state to win."

Chad and Hades passed out of the hallway into a large room where various people were enduring various punishments.  Hades seemed to know where he was going, however, so Chad continued to follow him, walking into a short tunnel, but took advantage of the lull in the conversation to ask, "So why choose me as that person, then?"

"What do you mean, why you... oh!  You think you were 'the one' so to speak!  No, no.  You see, we further stacked the deck against him.  Sisyphus caused us no end of grief when he was alive, so we made certain he could not win.  We only sent cheaters against him and made certain that at a certain point in the game, he would be distracted enough for cheaters to, well, cheat!"  Hades chuckled at his own joke as they exited the tunnel into a massive room with a hill on one side and thousands of people being forced to push boulders up its face, only to have it slide down right before reaching the top.

Suddenly, Hades was all business, and all sense of cheer was gone as he pushed Chad toward his very own boulder at the bottom of the hill, "And Chad?  Like with Sisyphus, we punish those who cheat Death."