In the beginning, there was only pain for humanity. After thousands of years of struggles, humans rose. There was Babylon, Rome, the Mongols... and yet for all these crowning civilizations, people created something far greater. The art of the prank, the joke.

There were only two of us, the Undying. We had watched castles crumble into dust and empires be lost to the sands of time, but the most amusing scenes were those of laughter. Ur and Gur scratching lewd pictures of each others' mates into the cave wall, warriors snapping off spear heads and gluing them back before battles and laughing as their comrades' heads rolled- these were the finest moments of humanity. We set out to master this craft, ascend far beyond humans, even the great Monty Python. We could move across time and space at will, hopping between eras to witness the effects of our grand works. Our work was, as expected, a bit more... elaborate.

The greatest rulers in history always were marionettes, one of us pulling the strings and making them dance. I admit, I was far behind for many centuries. He led Muhammad out of Arabia as a prophet. Orchestrating a whole religion to praise him, "God" was simply egotistical, but focusing the fear and hate of so many onto me, "Shaytan" was a blow to my pride. He had great monuments constructed to himself, while I was whispered as a a name to be feared. He laughed and laughed about it over the years, but the humor was lost on me. The tides were now turning.  

My puppets strengthened over the years; the Spanish were strong under my rule. His greatest triumphs were taking my lands- it was now time to take them back. The Moors were swept out of Europe and my domain was secure. It was time to undo his blasphemy and purge the world of his influence.

He appeared to me not long after my grand move began. "Well, well, after all these years I wouldn't expect you to be able to undo my power."

I smiled, turning to him. "That's just it. This was something even I had little control over. I knew the unexpected would be the only way to get to you," I suddenly morphed into red robes and had a crucifix around my neck. "Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!"