An small town by the river shimmers into sight. The foggy, fetid air hangs unmoving. No visibility. Confusing olfactory trails. Ambush territory. But it has to be cleared for the rest of the army to move forward. 

I flash my team, with muted photophores. Forward. Slowly. 

We three sweep into town. Vague shadows in the fog. Cloaked in darkness, pheromones cloaked in absorbent pitch. Our elite. Death unseen, unsmelt. 

We clear the town slowly. Parting tree roots, I breach the community hatchery. Darkness. The stink of rot intensifies. I motion the team inside quickly, redrape the roots. Don't want to be backlit by the light from the entrance - silhouettes clear targets through the papery walls. 

Inside, a massacre. I stand, horrified. Civilians, carapaces torn and broken. The acrid stench of fear-danger-pain pheromones thick in the stagnant air, sour-tasting in my mouth. Children's bodies piled in a corner, juvenile climbing limbs broken. 

I look up. Pockmarks on the ceiling. The children tried to hide above while the adults bought time. Futile. 

Hatred-anger-horror scent flares from my team. I flash them to keep focused. The threat may not be past. One left, one right. Clear the hatchery. Weapon lights off, scents muted. 

I stand overwatch near the entrance, nostrils flared, photoreceptors straining. 

Suddenly, from deep in the hatchery. Acrid smell of gunpowder smoke, mixed with alert-swarm-pain. I rush to the flash, flaring concern-swarm-haste in response. 

I find my squadmate on the ground. Tiny holes in the paper walls, like the pattern of sunshine dappling through leaves. He was shot through the wall. 

Fear chills rilled down my back. How did the enemy know where he was? 

My other squadmate enters the room. I sign caution to them. With a muted, directional flash to my remaining companion, I lay out a quick plan. 

The shots came from the egg room at the back of the hive. A cul-de sac with no retreat. I go straight through the main door, photophores flashing brightest pulsing light to blind the enemy. I dash for cover, laying down suppressing fire while my squadmate entered the room. 

No response from the enemy. I creep across the room, dark, peering above the incubator shelves. I sign to my squadmate, stay low. We move forward in a pincer movement, sweeping the room. 

Suddenly, I see a mottled green orb fly over the shelves. A graceful arc terminating where my last squadmate lay, waiting. A blast of pressure, debris and fire. 

Panic. How did they know where he was? I crouch frozen, thoughts scrambling. They can somehow sense us. Not scent, not sight, but some alien sense. Do I stay here? Do I move quickly? I try and catch their scent, but the smoke and the marsh and the dead hatchery and the scent of fear-danger-pain block my sense of smell. 

I stand to lay down fire on where the orb was thrown, and my shoulder is instantly blown apart.

It walks toward me, slowly, weapons pointed straight at me. A black, featureless face with inscrutable twin eyes. I try to pull my sidearm, but it was no good. My gun hand won't move. Helpless, I flare resolution-respect-mercy at him. Would it even understand surrender, the monster?

It stood scentless, dark above me, and kicked away my sidearm. Lifting a hand to its head, it removed its black face. Resolution-respect-mercy turned to horror-fear-flight. 

The face below was not even remotely insectoid. Wriggling flesh pale as slugs. Cilia flat and unmoving. And the jaw a rictus crescent full of teeth. It stared at me through tiny eyes, and its jaw moved, fleshy lips contorting around it. 

It raises its weapon again. 

I flinch. The weapon flashes ----
