When Christopher Columbus sailed across the ocean in 1492 he expected many things. He expected to find a new route to India. He expected to prove the world to be round. Most of all, however, he expected to become a very rich and famous man when he returned home. What he was not expecting to find was an island inhabited by tiny green creatures that could conjure balls of fire.

It would be several months before the lone surviving ship returned to Europe manned only by a handful of skeletal looking men. They told wild tales of the native creatures wielding powers beyond comprehension. The survivors claimed these creatures had held a feast to welcome them to their island but part way through the festivities men had simply started to burst into flames. These demons descended on the men like a horde of locusts, ripping them into pieces. Nearly half of the expedition was able to escape while the demons began a feast of their own, but as they began to sail away fire rained down from the sky and engulfed two of the three ships. The few remaining survivors sailed away as fast as they could despite not having enough rations to make the return trip. Upon hearing this tale the survivors were condemned as madmen and were sentenced to death for mutiny and cannibalism. It would be decades before anyone else even thought to mount another expedition west. 

Eventually, curiosity got the better of man or perhaps more likely greed, and further expeditions set forth. From these expeditions, man would come to learn of the great northern kingdom of elves who proved to be masters of life and death. The elves were a benevolent people and shared their knowledge with the explorers of this new and magical world. It was revealed that Columbus's men had indeed been telling the truth of their encounter with fire wielding demons except that these creatures were merely goblins. While dangerous, these goblins rarely ventured away from the islands and jungles of the southern continent and were certainly not demons. It was with great horror that they later learned that demons were in fact quite real but had long since been banished far beneath the surface of the earth.

Trade routes were quickly established with the elves and through them, mankind eventually came to meet the secretive dwarves, masters of the mountains and a subterranean kingdom that spanned across both continents. While the elves were masters of the healing arts and cultivated a culture to rival anything in the old world, the dwarves put their magical abilities toward much more practical uses, at least as far as man was concerned; the acquisition of gold. The dwarves were quite content to trade with man every type of new good for gold which as it happened quite contented man as well. Despite the explosive growth of mutually beneficial trade the dwarves long kept the borders of their lands sealed off to the European masses, only allowing trade to be conducted on the surface.

Not until 1882 did they begin to allow a select few into their kingdom to conduct business. It was then that the secret of their mining proficiency was revealed. Massive earthen golems, animated of course by magic, were responsible for the endless mines of the dwarves and their sprawling cavern cities. While there was a great desire to procure golems it proved to be a fruitless effort. Golems could not function long without an influx of magical energies, and no dwarf was willing to leave their homeland to maintain one. Nor was it possible for any man to provide the necessary magics. Despite the willingness of the elves to teach and mankind's burning desire to learn, there was not and never has been a single human who showed the talent to learn even the simplest of incantations. This has long been a source of embarrassment and even contention between man and the world's magical races and as such is rarely mentioned in politer circles.

It was this combination of facts and circumstances that inspired Sir Walter Cummingsworth in 1884 to begin work on a golem of his own, one that needed no magical energies to run. Using a complex series of gears and machinery he created the world's first non-magical golem in 1895. While this first metal man was a far dream away from the complexities of the dwarven golem, it would soon be innovated and expanded upon in ways that its creator, Sir Cummingsworth, never would have foreseen. It was not long before every nation in Europe was racing to build the biggest and strongest golems. It only took slightly longer for these machines to be repurposed towards war. The elves and dwarves observed the great war in Europe with a grim sort of humor, laughing at the folly of man. With their magic to sustain them, the kingdoms of the new world had long since outgrown the need for war. Their laughing stopped when the demons of old returned. 