Greeblegrox stared out the windshield and fingered his tentacles thoughtfully.

"Yeah," he said in Wydoobian. "That planet is definitely alive."

"I thought you said it was 'the greatest mix you'd seen'," snorted Hardowom, looking out the windshield also. He flicked his right eyeball with his third tentacle, a sign he was unimpressed. They'd come quite far out of their way to see this place.

Greeblegrox fixed all four of his eyes and both his antennae at Hardowom.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" he said. "Look at it."

"It's all water. It's a water planet."

"You dipshit," said Greeblegrox, shifting in his travel pod (his fourth buttcheek had an itch he couldn't reach with any of his tentacles and it had been driving him insane since they passed Andromeda). "Look at the poles. Look at the center of the fucking thing. It's right there."

Hardowom examined the great blue globe that loomed in their windshield like an enormous slice of Fooby melon.

"I see nothing but moisture in all its forms," he said, flicking his eyeball again.

In frustration, Greeblegrox reared up out of his pod and used all four of his tentacles to scratch his fourth buttcheek. His slimy skin peeled off the pod's inner surface. He'd have to reset his seal, but whatever, this itch was going to drive him mad.

"You are such a downer," he said, scratching away. "There's *land*. There's more life than we have back home. This is a fully mature, multi-biomed planet. We came all the way here and you're not even *trying* to enjoy yourself."

Hardowom hated when Greeblegrox scratched his asses. He needed to just buy some damn Burble Cream and the fungus would go away.

"It *is* pretty," he said, hoping his agreeableness would cease Greeblegrox's scratching. "What kind of life we talking here?"

"Well, water-based, obviously," said Greeblegrox, sinking back into his pod with a satisfied sigh and feeling his Echie seal begin the reset. "Mostly carbon. The dominant species recently became self-aware but they're still in adolescence as far as terrestrial development goes, so no guarantee they'll survive yet..."

"They can't see us, can they?" said Hardowom, suddenly nervous.

"Of course not," said Greeblegrox. "They've been to their moon, sent probes out to their solar system. They're barely aware in galactic terms. Less than toddlers."

Hardowom bit his upper eyestalk and sucked on it, a sign he was considering Greeblegrox's words.

"The biomes are there," said Greeblegrox. "You can see on the land-- the green and the brown and the mountains and the deserts? The ice at the poles? This is like Xela, Lema, Toille and Neb all mixed together in one."

Hardowom swung his eyestalks back and forth, the equivalent gesture of respectful nodding.

"Well I'm glad you caught it while you did," he said. "A fast-developing dominant species in adolescent phase... this place might not look like this much longer."

"Yeah, could reset at any moment," said Greeblegrox.

The two Wydoobians floated there for a few minutes, quietly fingering their tentacles. They half-wished the planet would reset itself right then, just for the fireworks show, but it didn't.

"But yeah," said Greeblegrox. "Just thought you'd want to see it."

"Yeah, thanks for pointing it out. Never seen a mixed-biomed planet like this before. Just thought it would look more, I dunno, obviously varied, I guess. If you didn't know better, you'd assume this was a water planet."

"That's what I thought when I saw it on the scanner," said Greeblegrox. "But then I saw the life activations, and I looked closer."

"Well, I hope they figure it out," said Hardowom. "Onob knows it took us millennia to even get to light speed travel."

"We should get going," said Greeblegrox, checking the time. "They're not going to wait for us on Tidder much longer. They're probably losing interest even as we speak."

"All right," said Hardowom, shifting the saucer into light speed. "Let's split."

The thrusters went supernova and the two Wydoobians were gone in a blink.