"Log date: 7;00. The first day of my imprisonment.

The lights, the sounds... Everything was so foreign. I'm not entirely sure how I ended up on the ship, although I'm assuming I was abducted. Yeah. Aliens. If you don't believe me, take a look at these... books? That's not an Earth language, I'm sure."

"Oh, yeah. Complaining to a camera is *really* going to help you out here."

"And this here is Jack Black. He is here too, for some reason. He won't tell me why, or share his chips with me. Anyway, I'm going to quickly pan around the room. If I survive this, I need some proof."

*camera pans around room, a slightly pissed off Jack Black a feature in one corner.*

"So, yeah. This is the end of this log, I guess. See you next time!"

I shut off my camera that, thankfully, survived my abduction. I turn to address the problem. Jack Black, that is, not the fact that I was a prisoner in an alien space ship. His continuous munching on chips was getting louder, and really beginning to annoy me.

"What the hell is your problem? And why on Earth are you here? And... Where is here?

"Well, to answer the first question, I have no problem at all. In fact, it's quite relaxing up here, away from all my... problems, with a bag of Doritos. Second, this isn't Earth, clearly. So that doesn't matter. And, I'm assuming we are in orbit somewhere between the Earth and the moon. That answer your questions?"

"Yeah, no. What are you going to do when you run out of Doritos?"

"Find some more?"

"HOW?"

"I have my ways."

This is impossible. Since Black is clearly no help at all, I'm just going to have to find a way out myself. 

I wandered over to the control panel, and wondered vaguely why it wasn't being watched by anyone, or anything. What abducted me? I studied the various buttons, knobs, and levers, when I was suddenly aware of a hairy presence behind me.

"Whatcha doin?"

"WHAT THE F... DO NOT DO THAT AGAIN." 

"You really have no hope to get out. You know that, don't you?"

I took a deep breath, composed myself, and turned to the man who may as well have been a large panda martial artist. 

"Who, or what has us here as prisoners?"


"Prisoners? No, you must be mistaken. This is clearly a party!"


"Mr. Black... Jack... Can I call you Jack?"

"No-"

"I'm going to call you Jack. Listen, if I don't start getting some straight answers, I'll, I'll..."

Oh, how I wanted to slap that smug ass grin off his face.

"FINE. Look, we're never getting out of here if we don't cooperate. Please, can I have some assistance?"

"Uhhh... no. In case you haven't noticed, I'm here on my own free will. I don't have shackles on, and I don't have a ridiculous tattoo on my face either."

What the HELL have they done to my face? I searched for a reflective surface, desperate to see if it was fixable.

Aannd... There was that look on his face again. Grumbling, I fell to the floor, incredibly pissed off, but accepting my fate. If I have to fight aliens, at least I can sacrifice him, first. He joined me on the cold hard ground, still munching on the fucking doritos. If I am trapped here, I might as well start a conversation with him.

"So, I liked your acting in Kung Fu Panda..."

"Yeah, I'm pretty great. Did you know they actually dressed me as an animated Panda, and animated everything around me?"


I sighed.

"And... The Muppets movie... That was cool too, I guess."


Immediately, his face contorted into a frown.

"Oh... That was real, wasn't it."


Aand now he's sulking.

Wow, this is going to be fun.