"Are you dead?"

"Not quite."

*How would I be able to respond if I was dead?*

"But you're not alive?"

"Not alive either."

*Buddy, living is highly overrated.*

"So what exactly are you?"

"Dunno.  Something in between."

*I'm tired.  Tired is what I am and what I will be.*

"Man or machine?"

"Both."

*Whatever I am, I'm not pleasant to look at.  That's for certain.*

My interrogator raises one eyebrow, but doesn't seem to have any other questions to ask about my nature.  At least none he'll articulate.  There's always that sick fascination from them.  Maybe they heard about me in school, but we're mostly relegated to footnotes and very specific books on the history of galactic travel.  One of the million and one stepping stones humans took from throwing their own shit at each other to harnessing the power of black holes.

Most of the bureaucrats I have to interact with haven't seen my kind for thousands of years since the transition away from generation ships.  Nowadays it's all wormholes and stretch drives and the like.  Jumping across unimaginable distances of space in a matter of days, charting and plotting your way across the stars with an almost insulting ease.  At least this ship was launched right after humans got around to faster than light communications to deal with all the fuckiness that is time dilation.  Either way, here we are.  A relic of an old time, the kind of thing protected like the last of an endangered species.  Unable to multiply, unable to adapt.

This one's pretty young.  My guess is between sixty and seventy, completely bald but with lovingly perfect features.  Test tube baby for sure.  

No one looks this perfect without some solid gene manipulation.

"How many generations have you overseen?"

"Fifty two."

"How often do you interact with the subjects?"

Weird way for him to put it.

"As little as I can.  It still happens every couple of cycles."

"Are you requesting an automated wipe?"

There we go.  Call it a wipe.  Call it anything you like.  It's still murder, and I'm the killer.  Sterile and efficient, calm and collected.  

Still a killer.

"How far has the cult progressed?"

"We've gotten to the point right before they engage in a civil conflict.  They've got texts written down about my holy word and they're debating the details to the point of violence."

The man on the screen taps a few buttons, then scrolls through a long list I can't see.

I must be horrifying to him.  Full of metal chunks and pale white flesh long replaced by artificial plastic.  Most of my organs are replaced, but otherwise pretty close to full machine capabilities.

Stuffed full of tubes in almost every orifice, and let me tell you I'm glad I don't have the nerves in those places to feel that shit.

I'm as much a part of the ship as those ancient solar sails or that completely out of date navigational system.  All of us, remnants of a more savage age.

Oh well.

At least the brain remains the same.

Original as classic coke, baby.

The man on the screen seems to have found whatever file he's been looking for.  His eyes dart back and forth, reading text.

"You're on route to GS-89?"  he asks.  

There it is.

They always talk down to you, like you're some kind of idiot or child.  

"I'm aware that system was colonized about two thousand years ago Earth time."

"You're going right through some commercial stretch traffic.  We'll plan jumps accordingly until you've passed through the sector."

Alright.  Like any of that matters to me anymore.

A few alerts pop up on my monitor, and I can see random images of sporadic violence.

Humans scatter this way and that, attacking each other with improvised weapons.  I'm not sure which sect is which at this point, but they all kill in my name.  From their dress it seems they've improvised armbands of various colors to differentiate each other from sect to sect.  The whites and the reds are really going to town on each other in hydroponics, with the reds seeming to have the upper hand.  What did they stand for?  My infallible word?  My undying benevolence?  

It doesn't matter what I say to them anymore.  They never listen anyway.

"Violence is starting earlier than expected," I say.

Violence is always expected, but I still thought I had another generation or two before the religious schisms began to happen.  It seems they get crazier earlier and earlier nowadays.  The more I see them age and love and fight and work, the more humans seem to stay the same.  Except for the occasional human ships that come to gawk at the lumbering monstrosity plummeting towards a system long established.

Maybe I should tell them they're not pioneers, but the universe's saddest tourist.

Maybe that'd just make them kill each other even faster.

Oh well.

I repeat myself, as the man on the monitor doesn't seem to have heard me the first time.

"Hmm?"

Another eyebrow raised, then another screen brought up.

"You're cleared to sterilize this cycle.  How many in stasis?"

"About forty thousand."

He taps a few more buttons, then closes his screen.

A look of pity.

A look of sorrow.

"We'll leave up how many you want released to your discretion.  Please update us after another four years of flight."

"Understood," I intone.  

A few blinks and the screen closes.

I take a deep sigh in the dark, then access the life support systems of the crew decks.  

There must be about six thousand of them alive down there.

Might as well get this over with.

Venting out all air, they begin to choke almost instantly.  Clawing at their throats, falling over at the sudden shock.

Some have the air ripped out of them so violently their lungs dangle from their mouths like grotesque inflatable tongues.  Lucky ones succumb to unconsciousness, and the luckiest die almost instantly, like someone sent them to sleep without any supper.

No matter how many times I see it, the images ingrain themselves.  Trapped in my quarters, all I'm deafened by the dull thrum of the engines, endless and monotone.

Eventually all free-range humans wandering the ship will die.  A few may find some temporary reprieve in isolated chambers under different management systems, but it just becomes a game of snuffing out individuals one by one.

Like blowing out that last unlucky candle on a birthday cake.

I'll release a few more crew for protocol and physical maintenance of the ship and its systems.

Eventually their children will love me. 

Their children's children will worship me.

Their children's children's children will fight for me.

Their children's children's children's children will die for me.

Then I'll have to kill them all.

Again.

And again.

And again.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato