"I see you forgot my cereal, not much use for milk then is there" that was me, trying to defuse awkward situations with pittyful attempts on comedy, however once I said those words, I just realized how utterly ridicule the whole scene was, it had been 50 years since he left, 12 since I came back to my childhood home after retirement, and yet there he was looking as if he had not aged a day. He even towered over me just as he did when I was just 10 years old. The whole scene was so surreal that even my voice sounded strange, thinner quieter, almost as if I had never gone through puberty. All those years of wondering, of having long conversations with my memory of him trying to forgive him trying to understand, all those failed relationships I saboteured myself because of my feelings of inadequacy and self loathing, the nights I spent blaming my self, the years I took care of my mother who worked herself to an early grave at the age of 54, and yet here he was and the only thing I wantes do was run to hug him, so I did, I ran through familiar so rounding that looked just that bit odd. "What? How is this possible" I shouted as I buried my face in his warm pot belly. But the reflection in the old black and white TV in the orange living room of my childhood left no doubt about it. I was a kid again, it had been 50 minutes not years since he left, but all the memories the pains, the anger, "I have to warn them" I thought, "Pol Pot, 911, the global warming, TRUMP,oh my god I could stop Trump's election". " is everything OK?" Said dad with his warm soft voice that I thought I had forgotten. "Yes dad I just really wanted some milk". After I said those words I could Beguin to feel my life disappear slow enough to notice but fast enough for me not to be able to write it down. Two days later I found a slip of paper inside my favorite comic boock, say hi to your dad for me, your ever loving sister Sally, odd I never had a sister and after the accident mom couldn't never had kids.