I groggily rose from my slumber in the wooden coffin. Strands of moonlight briskly passed through the fractured wall of the mortuary as I stepped on the cold stone floor. Around me were several other coffins, still sealed tightly, containing decompsed corpses. Initially, I envied their hollow, dead gaze, but their eyes have since hardened and glossed over.

The groans of the restless dead were audible outside of the stone walls, as they aimlessly wandered in search of prey. Their bodies were, for the most part, drained of blood, and to my discontent, what little they had was putrid and impure, unsuitable for my sustainment and unable to satiate my thirst. My legs were weak and my joints ached. My skin was sucked against my now frail bones. I looked of an old man, or perhaps a corpse. Perhaps I myself was among the wandering corpses, houses to manipulated souls. I contemplated this; what was truly different between myself and them? Their abandonment of consciousness, perhaps?

Outside, the barren branches of crooked oaks were bathed in moonlight as they maliciously loomed over rows and rows of headstones. I heard a rustle of leaves behind me. I turned to see a figure sprinting towards me in a frenzy, shrieking incoherently. My fatigue intetfered with my attempt to escape. I felt the teeth sink into my shoulder, and warm blood began rushing down my torso. Its head was black and swollen to twice the average size, and its revolting scent was overpowering. It tore a chunk of skin and muscle from my shoulder. 

A noise rang out abruptly, and I was drenched in blood and bile. It tasted horrific. The walking corpse collapsed as dark blood gushed from its fractured cranium. It convulsed momentarily, and then went still. A man emerged from the shadows, clutching a scoped long rifle with a wooden stock. On his face was a bandana concealing his mouth and nose, and he wore a military jacket, blue jeans, and boots. He stood solemn and he observed me, on my hands and knees. He was looking at the wound. 

"You're bitten." He said, lowering his bandana. "I'm sorry son. You've got about an hour 'til you turn." He sat down on a headstone and removed the pack from his shoulder. From it he produced a hunk of meat, tossing it on the ground before me. "You look like shit. So pale. I figure in a man's last moments, he should at least have a good meal. Or as good a meal that can be had nowadays." I examined the overcooked meat. "Once you finish that, I'm going to shoot you. I know you understand." 

I looked at the man, who had veins running the length of his neck. Veins rich in fresh blood that seemed to pulsate and quiver. I could feel a reservoir of saliva form in my mouth and for a long period of time all of my external senses were nulled to all stimuli except the man's bulging vein. The nape of my neck began to perspire and my hands began to shake steadily. 

"C'mon, kid." The man said, eyeing me cautiously. "Take a bite." Steam began to rise from my wound as the moonlight washed over it. The muscles began to reconstruct themselves. The man, watching in horror bred with confoundment, rose from the headstone and pressed the wooden stock of the rifle into his shoulder. "What the fuck are you, kid?" The corners of my mouth sharpened as a pair of fangs extended from beneath my upper lip. I felt the joints in my jaw snap as it involuntarily hyperextended, the skin of my face tearing violently as it did so. Revealed were a set of razor-sharp teeth that gleamed in the illumination of the moon, a satellite that, like God's one open during the universe's slumber, objectively gazed upon the horror that Earth had become. I lurched at the man, and a gunshot rang out. 

A ball of lead ripped through my chest, yet I continued to advance towards the man who quickly racked the bolt of the rifle. Before he could pull the trigger a second time, I disarmed him and immediately dismantled his weapon. Not a full second later I had plunged my teeth into the man's throat. The warm and fresh blood washed over my teeth and gums as the man shrieked in pain. 

Some time later, the man laid before me, his skin shriveled and pale, his eyes dead. I examined my own body, and could feel my strength returning. The taste of the man's blood still lingered on my tongue. It was a delicacy. I needed more.