The Mantis Shrimp is the most badass creature in the world. Seriously. Its the equivalent of a nuclear-powered cranky lobster with years of martial arts training. Its claws strike so fast that they vaporize the water around it. It kills by creating a cavitation wave, a high pressure exploding water donut jet of death. And it can see a bunch more colors that most people. But I am not most people. 

I have a gift. Or a curse, depending on which way you view it. I can see just like the mantis shrimp. I have twelve color receptors instead of the typical three. In practice this is a disadvantage. One would think that more receptors leads to greater color perception, but in practice the reverse is true. For example, while most people can easily distinguish yellow and orange, I blur the two together.  

Where I have everyone else beat, is the ability to sense light beyond the visible spectrum. At first, I thought it was strange, being able to see auras around people. Then I realized I wasn’t seeing an aura, at least, not a mystical one. I was seeing their infrared radiation! 

But it gets stranger than that. I can see leylines of darkness. Invisible, intangible threads that flow through our earth and through the air. Swarms of black and red dots that sway like cobwebs with the wind. No one else can see them. In my travels I have only encountered them a handful of times, and each time is as strange and wonderful as the next. The last time I saw them was in France. 

It started as a trip of a lifetime—a semester abroad in the land of life and love. I wanted to study the language and the culture and the cuisine and the women. What can I say—I was young and lonely. I am not a strong-willed man. But I am a man who is willing to take on new adventure. 

One of the first activities of the twelve-week course was a highly-predictable and overly cheesy tour of Paris. I don’t remember much about the trip, except that, on the bus, I sat next to the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life—Celeste. She had off-blue eyes and a bit of messy brown hair, the most dazzling smile and a black beret that matched her black top. And she had one freckle across her right cheek that she kept trying to hide, and it was the most adorable thing…

We talked about a lot of interesting things, I think. I couldn’t really understand her thick accent. I think she talked about her family and her dog, but it could have easily been a story about a boyfriend or a criticism of the book “Dracula.” Who care? I certainly didn’t. I was mesmerized and love-struck and looking back on it all I wish I had paid less attention to her and more attention to the leylines around me. 

Because the leylines led right to the Louvre. And the leylines all converged on one spot—the Mona Lisa. 

The painting itself was fairly lacking. It was—just a painting. Not particularly well-painted either. Da-Vinci was never the best artist in the world. He wasn’t even the best artist on the block, in my opinion. But the painting was captivating not because of the art or the smile, but because, for the first time ever, the leylines were more than just wisps of black dots. 

The leylines contorted to spell out a message. 

It was written down in Hebrew, and it took me a while to translate. I spent a few hours in the business center of my hotel room, searching through various forums to find the truth. When I did, I nearly fell flat off my seat. The message had seven words:

*They are not human. Count the teeth.*

That night I saw Celeste again. And I learned something about French women, something that most people don’t really notice. I think it might be why they are so captivating and beautiful; it’s all in their mesmerizing smile. Because if you look closely, you’ll notice something is off. I noticed. 

Celeste didn’t have right number of teeth. 

*Au revoir.* 

&#x200B;
***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH