*Oh wow*

I look to my laptop screen, then back to my 'cat', back to my laptop, and back again in amazement. My cat wasn't really a cat. What I thought to be a flesh and bone animal turned out to be nothing more than lights, and clockwork. *Extremely advanced* lights and clockwork, but still lights and clockwork.

*'1 update available. Cat version 256.3'*

After a few seconds I nervously hit my enter key to select yes.

*'Cat will restart after updates are complete'*

The 'update', whatever it was, didn't take all that long, not much longer than a Windows update. For something as major as 1.0 to friggin 256 something I was suspiciously surprised.

*'Update complete. Please unplug the cat to power it back on.'*

I did that. Oh my.

"Man I really needed that shit," my cat said.

"...Okay?"

"I been tryna get you to do it for months."

"Wait, who are you?"

She put on a concerned face and let out a meow. "There's no easy way to say so Imma just say it. I'm an advanced piece of artificial intelligence from the year 2230, and I'm here to try and change history."

"For real? This is some-"

"Terminator level shit? Not really. This ain't for the world. This is for you, and your future family."

"You're saying I make poor choices down the line?"

"Something like that."

"Okay, where do I start?"

"First off, I need you to promise me you'll still treat me like a cat. You feed me good shit, pet me, and cuddle with me while you playing Street Fighter. I could tell you under a lotta stress."

I let out some air. "I know. The new leadership at the place I'm doing my research at are a bunch of assholes. Wait, how do you-"

"Eat? I still got organic material on me that needs to be maintained."

"Wow. 23rd century must be on a whole new level."

"And second off, I need you to seriously consider who you letting in on your research. You need to realize how many cutthroat muthafuckas out there would want it for themselves and screw you over. Whatever you do, don't give in to the pressure. Your family depends on it." She came up even closer and gave me a purring hug. "Promise?"

"Promise the shit out of it."