Jon was having a rough morning. First, he'd angrily smashed his antique alarm clock during the latest rendition of Pop Star Cammy's hit single, "Banal Teenage Techno-Pop Vol. 1a, Remix Special" - a song he utterly despised - when the clock awoke him at 6:00 A.M.

Then, he'd taken a hard fall out of bed, when the lopsided mattress ejected him. A skinned knee and several abrasions later, he managed a shower, some eggs, a black coffee and found his nicest shirt and tie. The shirt - an ugly, gray houndstooth affair - was missing a button, but the tie would cover that. 

The interview at Tele-Corp was not his ideal job, but since he'd been let go from one of the nation's largest IT firms, he was desperate. Almost by accident, he'd seen an ad for the company in one of his dreams. He felt compelled to apply. When he received a draft notice from the government notifying him of his obligation to find a job or enter indentured servitude, he knew he had no choice. With the economy failing everywhere and wars raging all over the other side of the world, entering servitude could lead anywhere from mopping floors at a University to serving on the front lines. So it was that Jon applied for the job-with-no-description at Tele-Corp.

Jon, a diminutive man, late 30s, with hair graying around his temples, grabbed a suitcase and headed tot he train station. A few train rides later, he found himself in the inner city.

He walked a few blocks, growing increasingly apprehensive. He didn't want to work for this company, but knew he had no choice. As he approached the facade of Tele-Corp HQ, he felt resigned to his fate.

Standing in front of the sleek, tower of a building, Jon had a sudden thought. What if he botched the interview? He would go in, act as obnoxious as possible, pretend to be unqualified, and not score the job. Then, he could reply to the notice showing proof that he'd tried - and failed. 

"This plan is so crazy," he said quietly to himself, "it just might work."

Smiling, Jon entered the building, was greeted by a young secretary, a gentleman in his early 20s by the look of it, and sent into the Office of Human Resources.

A large, man, heavyset, and going bald sat in a chair. As the door opened, he bellowed a greeting to Jon.

"Hello, young man! Welcome to your future!" he said, grinning, "Don't just stand there! Have a seat! I'm Hank Jenkins, Head of Personnel here at Tele-Corp. And who might you be?"

Jon rolled his eyes, looked straight at Jenkens and replied, "My name's Jon. What's this job for, fat-ass?"

Jenkins, seemingly unaffected, replied back.

"Well, son, you see, here at Tele-Corp, we have a unique problem. Sometimes our teleporters malfunction."

"Yeah, because your manufacturing is shoddy," right, Jon interrupted, "I've seen the specs. You'd be lucky to get anything to move across any distance without completely destroying at least some living tissue."

Jenkins paused for a moment, assessed Jon and let go a hearty laugh.

"So, my boy, you DO know what this position is for!"

Jon, clearly taken aback by this response, hesitated. After a tense moment, he finally asked for clarification.

"What do you mean by that, Hank?" he inquired.

"Oh, you'll see," Jenkins said as he pushed a button on his desk, "Mary, let's get Jonny Boy here some paperwork. He starts this afternoon."

"But, sir, I don't want this job! I'm only in this interview to avoid going into servitude!" Jon protested.

Jenkins, still shuffling his papers, placed one in front of Jon. 

"Oh, that's just it, my boy," he said, his grin blossoming into a full-on smile, "you've already been drafted."

Jon stared, aghast at the paper lying on the desk in front of him. He read it twice before the words finally sank in.

"Dear Mr. Prescott,

It is our sad duty to report that due to under-payment of your Living Tax, you have been drafted into Servitude. Your contract has been sold to Tele-Corp. A dream message was sent to confirm this. You have no choice in the matter. By our calculations, it will be 15 years before you are paid in full for your back Living Tax. Remember you are responsible for any expenses you accrue during your tenure of Servitude. Please report for your assignment. Thank you and have a nice day.

Signed,

Anthony Errol
Treasure - Living Tax Bureau"

A few minutes passed and the office doors opened. Two men came in, dressed in blue-ish/gray uniforms and commanded Jon to stand up. Jon slowly did as he was told and followed the men into the hallway.

"Welcome to Tele-Corp," said one of the men, handing him a laser pistol, "you're gonna need this.

Jon took it, examining it for a moment. It felt sleek and good in his hand. The word, "Hunter" was emblazoned across the handle, along with the Tele-Corp logo - a booth surrounded by bright light. Jon smiled. Perhaps he was going to like this job, after all.
