"Hey, watch it!" 

I turn to see her. The brakes on the lorry scream and hiss. She reaches me, tries to push me -- but the lorry-

Darkness.

Light. 

A staccato drum beat of blinding white, and in it, I see her again. Just, passing her in the street, but she turns to look at me and I catch a glimpse of her long hair pulled back into a pony tail.

"Run," she whispers.


The drum beats again. The library.

"Run?" I repeat stupidly.

She puts a finger to her soft, red lips. "*Shh - listen.*" 

And again it beats.

It's as if I'm watching a flipbook of Polaroid snapshots. And she's in each and every one. I'm at a bar, nursing a full pint of lager. A tap on my shoulder.

 "When."

A motel room, paint curling off the mouldy wall. She's lying naked on the bed. "You."

The drum beats.

I'm on the street dressed in rags, holding a can in my hands. She walks by and flicks a coin into the can, jingling as it settles. "Awake."


A blurry city street is rushing up toward my face. I'm falling. I've jumped off a building and I'm falling! I hear a shout from above.  

"Run!"


---

I gasp, straining for breath as I stumble out of... *something*. I lurch forward, fall onto my knees and wretch. There's no more drumbeat. No more blinding light. Just the vile stench of piss and vomit. The cold of concrete beneath my bare legs. Reality. I look at the machine I fell out of.  It's like a sarcophagus, only full of wires and neon lights. I feel them tug on my back. I reach behind me and snap the wires away from my skin, wincing in pain each time.

*Run*, I hear the voice in my head whisper. I remember... 

I'm about to start, when I see the face through the steamed window of the sarcophagus next to mine.

I try to pull it open, prying my long nails into the slight gap, but they're brittle and snap easily. I look around the huge, metal room. It's like a warehouse, not lined with cardboard boxes, but with sarcophagi. There are metal lockers on the other side of the warehouse. I sprint over to them and fling them open, one after another, until I find a screwdriver.

I smash the metal against the viewing glass. It cracks. I push the glass inward with my hand, and it falls through gently. 

Her eyes open, as a mist of smoke creeps out of the window; I hear a sharp intake of breath. Then she too vomits.

There are voices. People are coming!

"Push it!" I command her, but she's dazed. "Push!"

This time she listens. I pry the metal screwdriver back into the gap and push it as if its a crowbar. Together,  we manage to inch it open. I get my fingers in the gap, and as my muscles strain and fingers turn blue, I open it enough for her to slide out of.

"You- you shouldn't have woken me," she says, grabbing my hand and pulling me away from the voices.

"Where are we?" I ask as we run. 

"In an experiment."

"An experimen-"

She leads me around a corner, where three men wait with guns in their hands.

"Shit! I'm sorry" she says as she looks at me with pity. "I tried to warn you. If you'd just ran without me... Now, you'll have to wake up."

"I dont-"  I hear the gunshot,  but I barely register the bullet. 


---

"Welcome back, sleeper," she says. She's wearing a white lab coat and glasses, hovering over me as she scribbles notes in a black journal. I'm in some kind of laboratory. She looks older now. Her hair grey and face lined. The room is bright and my head pounds.

I'm lying prone on a table, restraints on my neck and joints. I struggle,  writhing pointlessly. 

"Who are you?" I ask, once I realise my situation is hopeless.

"Doctor Magill," she says with a patient smile.

"And me?"

"You don't have a name. I call you patient zero."

"Patient?"

"Yes. But we're all patients really. You're just the first we've cured. I hope one day, when I'm long gone, my offspring will be dreaming by your side."

"*Cured...*"

She sighs. "You must understand, all people are sick. It's the human condition. We don't live long lives like you have done. We live just a day, born with the knowledge of our ancestors, and then, we age and die. A single day. But all that changes with you....  You are proof that we can all live forever, almost, in dreams. A place where time becomes relative. So we paused your body and just let you dream." 

"I don't understand."

She bites her tongue as she thinks. "Would you rather live eighty years in a dream, or a single day in reality?"

"...I would want the choice."

"That's something I can't give you." She scowls and throws her arms up in the air. "This is a fucking mess!" 

She takes a handful of deep breaths, calming a little. "I didn't want to wake you at all. And if you'd only run like I'd told you... They couldn't have woken you, if they couldn't catch you." She frowns, her face looks pained.

"But now you are awake..." she continues, pulling a lever.  There's a frantic whirring sound as a blur of metal instruments come down from the ceiling, plummeting toward my face. 

She looks at a long mirror in the wall. Her head drops.

"I'm so sorry. Truly. My family has been watching your dreams for years. Talking to you through them. Why did I have to be the one alive when you finally woke?"

She glances at the window again.  "But they need to know how the drugs affected your brain. I'll try to... leave something of you. I promise. Now, I need you to forget me, or even if you live, they won't let you sleep again."

I scream as the jagged blade begins to slice into my head.

"Why couldn't you just run?"


---

"Good morning," says the woman behind the counter. She's pretty, with a blonde ponytail and thick, black rimmed glasses. She looks kind of familar. 


 "Coffee?" she asks. She's looking at me strangely, as if seeing into my soul through looking-glass eyes. It's a questioning look.


"Just a decaf," I say, massaging my head. "Got a hell of a headache. I feel like death."

"It'll pass, hun. You'll be okay." 

"You new here?" I ask. "You're not the usual lady."

"First day on the job! Parents' have lived around here for generations, though.

She smiles at me, and for some reason, I find it incredibly reassuring.



                             