The time is coming, soon.  I can only look back at my life up to this moment.  I mastered crawling at three months, walking at six, running at seven, climbing took four years because of those darn reverse incline slopes giving me trouble.  My mother always knew I was special, freakish even, but nobody believed her son was some sort of Olympian athlete.  Whenever possible I practiced a skill, my agility was already quite high so stealth came easily to me and I learned to erase my presence.

When I started school, I had already pick-pocketed and read the entirety of textbooks up to college level.  After the teacher took my attendance I would erase my presence and go back to strength gains in the back of the room, my routine was stretching and minor calisthenics followed by reps starting at twenty reps for all my positions: inchworm, tuck-jump, bear-crawl, plyometric-pushup, oblique-crunches, scissors, etc...

That was when I met Katelyn, wasn't it?  She had a high starting intelligence value but a hyperactive debuff that kept her from focusing on one thing too long.  About half way through the class she saw through my stealth skill by random chance and got up out of her chair to try joining me, alerting the teacher to the both of us.  This was the first major roadblock to my progression, and my only major regret.

This private school I got into was only possible because of the seed money I planted via stock exchanges and eventually venture capitalism.  As soon as I could talk, I was asking my dear mother for a dollar once a day, and performing at the park for two hours seven days a week.  It came out to about a hundred and eighty-seven dollars monthly average for the first two years.  I walked into four different banks before I finally got a financial adviser to take me as a client off the books.  While being a child was largely detrimental in the world of finance, being cute and easily underestimated also had it's perks.  My first investment was five dollars, then twenty-five, then fifty, etc because I knew I had to stay within the logarithm of noticeable and suspicious increases in amounts.  After awhile, my adviser still got suspicious so I had no choice but to involve mother for the scheme and have her officially invest the money in increasingly large amounts.

Since mother was now in on the plans, I had her purchase certain texts and make calls to various institutes to further my Intelligence and Wisdom gains as well as learn the standard documentation processes for this world.  Soon, I was creating patents for her to register in her name.  Everything from marketing processes to pipe reinforcement with thermal compensation was patented.  Mother was very wealthy, proud, and happy, but I simply didn't have time to help her with her hopeless romantic debuff.  Once, at home during my evening routine, she tried to come talk to me about what I thought of the men she had been dating.  I didn't think, I told her that there were important things coming and that my personal opinions didn't matter.  We all had a part to play, and I could only feel emphatically sorrowful that my mother didn't get to have a normal, loving, and simple child for quite some time.

My first sister was born before I started school, life at home would be that much more erratic and unpredictable.  I couldn't stop going to school, and I couldn't simply dispose of Katelyn, is what I thought at the time.  Disposing of Katelyn, though, would have been the most righteous and kind thing I could have done.  It could have been easy to have her expelled, given her hyperactive trait. 
 Instead, I spent a few hours every day to train in stealth with her, so that the teacher would no longer notice either of us.  I could now stay in the private school and improve my future application credentials.

In second grade, she began running away from home every opportunity she could to come involve herself in my routine.  I suppose it is natural to become enamored by another's ability.  Mentoring her was a great way to boost my intelligence since independent studies were beginning to hit a bottleneck as my studies had entered into theoretical differential geometry as a result of space-time changes.  Even when I was teaching her about strength and agility building, I was able to gain intelligence.

Katelyn's parents eventually found out she was here at my mansion, but after my mother asked why she was any better off there than she is here, they were left speechless and stopped bothering.  The food here wasn't the best in the world, but better tasting than anything else in town.  I hired a group of doctors to do all of our cooking; Dietitian, Pediatrician, Doctor of Pharmacy, and a PhD Chemist.  They were all especially good at baking cakes due to their combined understanding of organic chemistry, but I did my best to keep them on track with nutritional foods for my development.

In seventh grade I was accepted to a University after my ninth application.  A new director was elected and put in charge of that university system thanks to a reasonable donation from my family.  Now, I was able to work on my certifications and structure an empire.  Intercontinental trade was so laughable in this world that I was easily able to structure a new oceanic route with minimal tidal experimentation.  Back on earth, there was once an accidental event where several tons of rubber ducks spilled out into the ocean, and tracking them allowed us to map out the flow of the ocean.  I orchestrated another such event in this world.

The reason for my businessman like approach to gaining stats was simple; the more I could have done for me, the more time I could focus on stats.  In my first semester of University I was allowed to sign up for and test out of eighty-seven credits.  It was enough for an associates, but unfortunately I had to actually attend lectures and lab courses for more credits.  I offered tutoring services in exchange for extra credits, and had seventeen independent study courses at any given time: I had to have an instructor sign off on each one.  It was such a hassle, but after two years I was able to finish my doctoral and max out my Intelligence stat with the bonus of publishing a report on particle physics variations in low density versus critical mass and singularity densities respectively.  I also maxed Wisdom with a psychology and philosophy thesis on human behavior's tie to brain chemistry and how it was possible and ethical to overcome that limitation through proper care.

I went back home to start preparing for the Olympics to max out a few of my other stats.  I had been using a portable device application for low minimal gambling to increase my luck stat by multitasking, but it was already near maxed from my early life investments and guessing all answers on tests without reading the questions for the first six years of grade school.

Suddenly, jogging next to me was Katelyn.  She smiled so bright, keeping up with my light twenty mile per hour pace with such bright eyes that I was almost charmed by her.  It appears her Charisma stat has been rising faster than mine.  It makes sense, she was already a gold medalist in gymnastics, shot-put, swimming, and marathon running, and she had attended a great many interviews.  I wasn't around when she went through puberty, but she appears to have developed into a young woman while I was away.

I sped up my pace to some real training and left her behind.  She eventually caught up to me when I moved on to the rest of my routine.  It isn't the first time I've avoided her, when I first left to achieve my doctorates I had snuck past a party thrown by my increasingly large family: the staff, my mother and her fourth husband, my little sister, and of course Katelyn wearing a modest designer dress.  I didn't have time to waste.

Katelyn told me that a great many people had asked her to date them, even young pop-stars.  Some of them were female.  I told her I had to keep my presence hidden to avoid crowds of women on more than one occasion.  At least I never had to worry about students dozing off in my lectures.  She would laugh innocently when I said such things.  Katelyn asked me why we never dated.  My response was that I enjoyed being solitary, but if there was someone she wanted to date she should just go ask them.  I said that there was no rule preventing us.

(Part 2 as Comment Below, I hit the 10,000 character limit.)