"That's...not quite what I expected."

15 years.  For such a long wait, this was a little...underwhelming, to say the least.


"You sure doc?  Steve doesn't have any other powers?"

"We're sure, Mr. Lang."


I leaned back on my chair with my eyes closed, relaxing my muscles as I let the truth sink in.  After a couple of minutes, I turned to my beautiful 2-hour old treasure, my new center of the universe.


"I'm sorry, Dad", he said in his squeaky voice.

"What for?  There's nothing to apologize about."

"I know you're disappointed in me.  I can see it in your eyes."


It's...true.  I know I *shouldn't* be disappointed at my newborn son for this, but I still can't help but *feel* disappointed.

"It's just..." he continued, still getting adjusted to opening his tiny little mouth, let  alone speaking in just minutes after being introduced to this world.  "...I couldn't handle all that pressure, you know?  I could hear everything in there.  You and mom expected me to be the next Messiah by the time I could control my powers, and I was too afraid to disappoint you guys.  Then you guys were talking about me being on the NEWS and shit?  I was just so afraid of everything, so I just shut myself in."

"I'm...I'm sorry, Steve."  130 minutes in, and I already feel like the worst dad in the world.  Great.

"Look, Steve.  You did nothing wrong.  It's all our fault.  I should have told you while you were still in your mother's womb... that we would have been happy to have you no matter what your powers turned out to be.  It may be hard to believe, but I am proud to have you as my son."

Silence filled the room, while Steve avoided all eye contact.  He just looked down at his cute chubby thighs, unsure how to respond and understandably so.  This lasted for nearly 5 minutes, until finally I decided to stand up.


"...Well, time to break the news with the rest of the world."

"Wait, Dad!  Can we just wait a few days?"

"They're gonna find out sooner or later.  The longer we make them wait, the bigger the hype.  The bigger the hype, the bigger the disappoin..."


Ah, fuck.

"...Ok, dad."

"...I'll be back.", I whimpered, as I walked out of the room.  The cameras were already flashing at my eyes before I could even manage to close the door behind me.

"Mr. Lang, Mr. Lang!  This is the moment the world's been waiting for!  The big reveal!  So WHAT, exactly, is/are your son Steve's superpowers?"

I straightened my posture, chin up, smile on my face.  It was the best I could do for my son, for what little it was worth.  I wanted to show everyone that I'm still proud of him for coming into this world.

"His power...is the power to delay pregnancies."

