The Mayans believed the sun would not rise without a ritual sacrifice. Year upon year, thousands died so that a new day would begin. This is ironic for me that so much death was handed out when it made no difference. 

I was born in the same period as the Mayans. I have watched the sun set a thousand times, a hundredfold and not aged a day. The people of my village, dead and buried centuries ago, could not have believed all the things that I have seen. I have lived so long that I have forgotten all their names. 

&#x200B;

Countless wars, tearing apart nations; plagues and illnesses, indiscriminate of age, faith or creed, dynasties born, dynasties fallen, I have endured every hateful emotion humanity has had to offer because of the scornful words of a witch who cursed me as I plunged her into the icy water the final time.   
I remember it well, her beady eyes narrowed on me, her breath steaming vapor that fateful morning.   
"Listen, and know this," she said with her dying breaths, coughing up water between words. "You won't know what it's like to die. The plight of an age you now bear, and not until all life is lost will you pass into peace."  
I was amused as we dunked her in the water, anxious when she broke the surface to shrieks of laughter, content when her figure became a dark form submerged in the still water of the lake. I could not have known she was speaking truth.

&#x200B;

A thousand years have passed and I have learned much in that time. I have had many names, lived many lives. I could not father children though. Nor could I experience love. The foul wench that cursed me ensured that my life has been a torment. The seed of hate she planted in me, grew into a misanthropic weed, with tendrils reaching round every sweet memory, burying it in shade. I only wish to experience eternal rest like all who have passed me on my way. 

 Then I remembered her words, "not until all life is lost will you pass into peace," and I made my plan.   


I became rich, beyond imagination. Possessions worth nothing when purchased become incredibly expensive a thousand years later, when they have all become heirlooms or antiquities. Interest on money invested over two hundred years is just a slither of my wealth. And yet I wondered, how was I going to end all life?   


And that is when I entered the twentieth century, a time of opportunity for destruction on a scale I had never before managed. I entered politics, became the leader of a country, taking hundreds of milllions of lives over four years. 

But it wasn't enough. I got too greedy. I tried to take on the whole world all at once and lost.

I got so close to finishing it all... 

And so I bide my time and wait until the time is right. They never found my body. And history has a habit of repeating itself... the nuclear age, nanotechnology, global warming - humanity may even do my job for me. Either way, my time will come again.