Why five years-old? I ask myself that question nearly every time I relive; why not twenty, or sixty even would be a more tolerable number. Every sodding time I'm set back into the body of a child and lose nearly every freedom to do the joyous things life offers, I can't drink, I can't travel, I can't take drugs, I can't go out at night, my day's are pretty comparable to a prisoner's – and I'm the only five year-old who's been in prison enough times to compare, the food's pretty similar too; I'm not even biologically capable of masturbating for the better part of a decade.

And my god, those fucking people; the first dozen relives I loved my parents and siblings, I learned to love them more the second time around when I'd come to understand what made them tick, forgive them for their failures and encourage them in their passions; but hell truly is other people, again and again and again for centuries the same other people with the same boring interests and the same dull predictable personalities. Some lives I run away as a young teenager or even before then, other lives I can barely stand them just long enough to get a doctorate in something or other.

Naturally my differing actions every relive changes what the family does during my teenage years, barring these first joyless years everything's different every time I do it over, no matter how hard I try. One life early on I fell in love with Sarah, we had children and I couldn't imagine eternity without her, and no matter how many times I tried after that life she never loved me again; I tried living one life in exactly the same way, making exactly the same decisions at exactly the same times, but everything changed regardless.

Small events ripple through and chain-react, maybe on the first life with Sarah I once strolled through the rain on the way to college instead of rushing to get dry, making me just late enough to not talk to Adam about politics that day, which caused him to debate his brother later on instead of me, which gave Steve an interest in UNESCO, which caused him to change his major, which put him in Sarah's history class and one day he struck up a conversion which made her spend those college years with him instead of Nathan, which changed her frame of reference when it finally came time for us to hook up. The butterfly effect, I've literally written many theses on it. It's stopped me from spending eternity with Sarah, but at least it makes life, all of the many lives, interesting and new every single time.

The prospect of which is all that stops me from going mad as I sit here, age five, eating fish fingers while my parents argue, and longing to spend my nights roaming Europe again.