The sound of my alarm clock caused me to bolt up in bed. I always forget to set it for Mondays and I was going to be late for my first day of class. I rushed through my morning routine and grabbed a yogurt from my refrigerator on my way out the door. As I shut the door I saw my pan of lasagna from the night before start to tip. Not giving it any heed i slammed the door and left.

You see, my blessing is that nothing ever falls out of my refrigerator. This comes in handy sometimes, like this morning when I overslept, but I've never been the clumsy type so it's usefulness is greatly diminished.

I sat in the back of my morning thermodynamics class. I was a couple minutes late, but Dr. Conley turned out to be an understanding professor. Today's lesson was on the first law of thermodynamics. Energy cannot be created or destroyed. As Dr. Conley finished with her lecture, she asked if anyone had any questions before we moved on to a worksheet.

The next question changed my life forever. "What if we put. A buttered piece of bread on a cat's back? Wouldn't it just spin and we could get energy?" The professor laughed politely while I rolled my eyes along with the rest of the class. The joke was far too old to make in a Junior level course. But then it hit me. My blessing wasn't so different. I have seen many containers curve unprompted through the air to land on a lower shelf.

From that moment on my experiments started. I lived on the bags of frozen peas i used in my tests, and Finally i found the answer.

I put a minifridge inside of a normal refrigerator. Inside of the minifridge i put a bag of frozen peas. Then, with both doors open, i slowly pulled the minifridge out of the normal one. The bag of peas, Not wanting to leave either one, just floated between the two. As one side of the bag began to feel the pull of the refrigerator, it would spin to that side. The minifridge then exerted it's power over it and spun it back to its initial position. This caused the bag of peas to spin faster and faster until, no longer able to continue  holding the minifridge, i slid it back into its place.

Two years later: 
With Dr. Conley's help i have managed to make and patent a machine which uses an ear of corn to turn a turbine. I have solved the world's energy needs.