I carefully balance precision and power as I shove downwards into the log with my ax. *Crack*

A large gap forms in the log that breaks about halfway through. I tug my ax out and swing it down, once again. *Crack*

Two pieces of wood collapse off the pedestal and unto the ground. As I move to grab another log, I hear the soft crunching of snow beneath my boots. Looking towards the landscape, I see a vast expanse of pine wood trees. Layer after layer of trees that continue until the mountain range blocks my view. The scent of spruce fills my nostrils.

Here, I have made my living for five Winters, now. Slowly building the new life in this frozen taiga, living off the land. The isolation has become a part of my life. Staying alive from sheer force of will and dedication. Although I am quite content with the path I have chosen, occasionally I ponder back on my old life. The days when my family were still there for me; but more importantly, I was there for them. That was then, this is now. I have learned to move on.

I brush aside my momentary lapse into nostalgia, as I balance a new log on its edge on the pedestal. As I raise my arms to aim my next swing, I am suddenly taken aback as a result of a complete change in my surroundings. The freezing temperatures of the conifer forest are replaced with the humid climate of my home town. I have been teleported into the living room of where I grew up. I slowly lower my arm before I drop the ax with a clang. This grabs the attention of everyone in the room.

I look around to see familiar and unrecognizable faces alike, all huddled around the television. The life-less looks of despair on them speaks volumes. I take a gander at the news program. An anchor warns that it is too late to evacuate. Out the window, palm tress are nearly being ripped out of the ground. horizontal, torrential rain pelts everything in sight. 

I place my hand on my brothers shoulder, who is sitting on the couch. My mother reaches into my embrace.

 "It's alright, I'm here now" I console.

The lights flicker as the house begins to shake. In my final moments at least I have rediscovered what is really important in life. The lights flicker again, before the power goes completely out. Now, surrounded in darkness, I keep providing words of comfort to those around me.

