"Oh dear", said John.

"You fucked up" said Jack

They both nodded. It was the first time they had agreed in three days. Which didn't help me much, since my foot was still broken from the fall, and the big guy was still climbing down the fire escape. Maybe he would be as ungraceful as me when he jumped at the end?

"I wouldn't bet on that sir"

"Not a chance, bro"

"Well, maybe you two dialectic assholes could come up with a plan?"

"Really, there is no nee..."

"Oh, shut up, dude needs a plan, not English lessons"

"Well, I never..."

"Plan."

The steps were getting closer. The big guy was panting. Why didn't he shoot? Maybe no line of sight."

"Well, I see a revolver over there"

"That's a pistol, bro"

"Now who is giving English lessons?" 

I tuned them out. Yes, there was indeed a black pistol lying next to me. Still, while I'm not from Texas, I still figure there is probably more to shooting a gun than the movies made it out to be. Still, it was at least I plan, I started crawling towards it. It hurt like hell.

"You go, sir!" John exclaimed.

"Can you even fire that thing?" Jack inquired.

I put my hand on the handle, it was slick from the puddle it had been lying in. Did that matter? The clanks were close now. The big guy must be near the top.

"Sir, might I suggest that we switch locations?"

"Huh?" I said.

"He means the fatso is going to land on you if he can"

"Oh" I said.

The clanking had stopped. Maybe the big guy was aiming as we spoke. I started rolling. Closer to the wall seemed like a good bet.

"Does the gun have a safety, sir?"

"I don't know... Jack, do y..."

"I'm not from fucking Texas, bro"

Some lumbering was heard. There was a thud. Big guy landed face first and his head exploded like a melon.

"Oh, sweet heavens, I'm covered in gore" John wailed.

"This was a brand new shirt" Jack complained.

I puked.

"Who was that man? He seemed awfully annoyed"

"He said something about money. You owe him money, bro?"

I dropped the gun. It clanked to the ground. I could suddenly feel my legs again. I could hear sirens in the distance.

"Ah, police officers. We shall be safe soon".

"So why is Timothy tripping?"

"Whatever do you mean?"

"Look at him, he is tripping"

"You misunderstand me, I don't understand what tr..."

"Can you two shut the fuck up, for the love of god?" I started crawling towards the alley-way. No disrespect for New York's finest, but I wasn't exactly on their Christmas card list.

"Sir, certainly you are not wanted by the police?"

"Yeah, what the fuck man. I don't want to spend my afterlife watching you get double-teamed in Rikers'."

I continued crawling. 

"And why are you even here, Jack? Where is the small red man with the fork?"

"What do you mean, small red man with a fork? And where is that chick with the cleavage and the white dress?"

"Heaven and hell are not open right now" I said.

They looked at me dumbfounded.

"Whatever do you mean, sir?"

"Yeah, what the fuck man?"

It's a long story I said, as I crawled the last feet two the sidewalk. I slowly managed to hobble myself up alongside a drain pipe.

"Well, perhaps you should tell it sir" John demanded.

"Yeah man, don't leave us hangin" Jack agreed.

"Can you two stop agreeing? It freaks me out. I swear I miss that little smug white-winged sex kitten and the tiny red freak.”

They looked at me with a certain hint of nervousness.

"Sir.. wh"

"Yeah m..."

You're temps, okay? Temps. You're filling in because the good guys and the evil guys have better things to do. Well, or worse... depending on your perspective.

"Temps?"

"That sucks"

"So, unless you have the key to purgatory, shut the fuck up the both of you"

They fell into silence.

"Well..."

"You know"

I looked at them with the same look of a man who is getting told by the wife he hates that she doesn't like him anymore.

"I do have this broken key" John said.

"Yeah, me too" Jack offered.

"Oh, look, they seem to fit together" John observed.

"huh" Jack concluded.

"Well, then", I said as I hobbled onto the street while hailing down a cab. "I might have a use for you after all".

"Glad to be of service sir"

"Oh, shut up you pussy".

"You see", I said as I painfully wrestled myself into the cab. "I need to be neither good nor evil to use that key. And somehow"... I looked at them both "I think you two are perfect to achieve just that".
