Blackness. Not darkness. A sleep without dreams, like trying to remember what the hell happened between the fist connecting with your face and your face connecting with the dirt. Like trying to recall what you were before you were born, before your earliest memories. Nothingness.

I became aware of the bench below me at some point. I was in a park, green, calm, empty. The bench was solid, but it was comfortable enough. Maybe I should say it wasn't uncomfortable enough to convince me to get up. I supposed I could sit there awhile, its not like I had anything better to do. Did I? What else would I do?
I struggled with the concept for awhile, pieces of a puzzle hovering just outside my comprehension. It felt just like the many times I wanted to figure out a song in my head, but when it came down to it I only ever remembered 3 words and a couple of notes, and you can't bloody google that. Not that I didn't try for hours in vain. Because I did... what the fuck am I thinking?

Google?
Computers.
Work.
Home.
Work.
Home.
Work.
Work.
Work.

Life?
Fuck.

I realized I yelled the last part out loud. I looked up expecting my outburst to have in some way ruined the park around me, as I tended to with everything else. Truthfully the only change was a dishevelled old man in fingerless gloves sitting next to me on the bench. Needless to say he scared the shit out of me.

"You figured it out, huh?" The man chuckled. "I was wondering when it was gonna hit you. You seemed pretty happy here."

I sat quietly.
"I'm dead, I think"

"You're not wrong, but its a bit more complicated. I could let you figure it out yourself, but at the rate you were going you would have been here a fair while. Then again, maybe I should be cutting you some slack, this is the first time you've relaxed without guilt in a long time.." he trailed off. I stared at him, uncomprehending.

"Getting to the point, this is basically In Between. Purgatory, or whatnot. I need you to answer some questions for me before I send you on your way. Kinda like a test y'see. Gotta know whether to send you up or down, y'know." I gaped, terrified. What the fuck. It was all too much. Who the hell was this guy, staring at me, telling me all this shit. I started hyperventilating, light encroaching on my vision.

_______________________________________


At some point I became aware of the bench below me. I was in a park, green, calm, mostly empty. A familiar old man in fingerless gloves sat next to me.
"Do you remember this time?"

I nodded, pathetically trying to piece things together. Purgatory? Bench? Old man? Google? I cast aside the jigsaw. It was really starting to piss me off.

"What the hell is going on?" I started. "Yea, yea, you're getting all stressed and shit." He cut me off. "It's overwhelming, I know. Sorry about that. Call it a grumpy old man having a bit of fun." The man shrugged. "You're in between heaven and hell right now. I've got a few questions for ya. Depending on how you answer, decides on where I send ya. You got that?"

I nodded, the gears in my head slowly grinding to life. "You know, as much as that sounds great, I really can't remember anything right now. Are we in any hurry?"

The man chuckled. "No, no, we've got time. What do you want to talk about?"

"Are you god?"

The old man laughed, hard and long. "No, no I'm not. My names John." He offered his hand. I shook it without thinking, the reflexes of a lifetime kicking in.

"How did you get here?" I questioned, relieved at the thought that this wasn't some all knowing god in front of me, fucking with me. He was just a guy, sitting on a bench, in a park.

John frowned at that one. Something about it must have hit home. "Honestly, I came here the same way you did. I died. It just so happens that since then, Ive ended up in charge of deciding where to send you. Not my first choice, really. Life didn't treat me so well, or maybe I didn't treat myself so well. I guess thats the part that really hurts." I sat forward, entralled. "What happened?" I probed.

"Well, this guy, we went way back, y'see, this guy was always around. We'd do everything together, right. But as we grew up, things started to change. When I scored a passing mark, I was happy, but him, all he could think was how stupid he was to miss the rest. When I got my first date, I was so excited, but he got me worried that I was being set up for a fall and convinced me to end that relationship before I could get hurt. No one could really love me anyway. When I got my first job, he told me I should stay with it because dreaming of anything better would just lead to dissapointment anyway." John closed his eyes, a single tear plummeted from his eye.

"When I laid awake at night, unable to sleep, he took the opportunity to terrify me with thoughts beyond tomorrow. Because of him I spent my whole life living in fear of running out of time, yet I never even lived one day. But we were inseparable. I couldn't imagine myself without him, so I didn't."

I stared at John, his now free flowing tears matching my own. Why the hell was I crying? It was sad, sure, but this was some random dead guy in a park. I'll get over it.

"I've decided." John said. "I know where I'm going to send you."

"Wait man, hold up, what do you mean? We haven't even talked about me?" I stammered out.

"Haven't we? Do you know what the test is?" John smiled, the salt of his tears fresh on his lips. "Before you go move on, you face the person you've hurt the most. They decide where you go, whether you can be redeemed, what to do with you." 

"After everything, you don't even remember me. It just goes to show how self centred you truly are." I struggled in vain to place his goofy smile, his infectious frown, his smallish hands and slightly crooked teeth. I'd seen them before, but they looked wrong. Off, somehow. Like a mirror image. I probably saw the guy homeless in the street once. Him, asking for money and me, pretending I didn't have any and walking on by just to waste my money on a coffee I probably wouldn't need if I just got to sleep at a normal time.

"Goodbye, John." John whispered.