The complex lies along the northern reaches of the Mississippi river, nestled deep in rural Illinois. The sprawling mansion is located in the center of a series of empty plots of land, all purchased two decades ago. It is a modern design, with glass walls from floor-to-ceiling slotted behind a sweeping veranda, the individuals inside hidden from prying eyes by dense thickets of ancient oak and walnut trees. The property itself stretches for miles and is bordered on three sides by an electric fence, which is heavily patrolled.

The crowd gathered beneath the cavernous ceiling of the introduction room is smaller than usual, only totaling thirteen kids. The figures are small and meek, made smaller by the grand scale of their surroundings. The fact that thirteen is an auspicious number is not lost on me. "You're all here for a very good reason." I say, smiling reassuringly, my hands clasped behind my back. "Though you may still be too young to understand why."

Soft sniffles ripple through the assembled children. One little girl clutches a ragged stuffed turtle to her chest, looking forlorn. They aren't happy, but they are slowly starting to accept that this will be their new home. I have cultivated the perfect method of training - I don't like to use the word 'indoctrinating' -  them over the years, one that brings the young ones into the fold seamlessly, so that we can get down to what really matters. I have a vested interest in making sure that these children are happy. That they don't want to leave.

I indicate at one of my helpers. "Viron, the children have spent enough time in the play area, please show them to their rooms." Viron nods, his pale skin and lidded eyes making him look like a perpetual stoner, then motions for the kids to follow. Viron likes pot, but he is far more than a pothead. He was the brightest in his cohort and one of the first to graduate from the program. This is no simple feat.

Satisfied, I head to my study, which is located on the top floor of the mansion, overlooking the wide, slow moving river. It is a happy place for me - where I can meditate on how the plan must unfold over the next decade. The steps we must take. Where I can talk to my contact in the US Government and in other high places, assuring them that everything is going as intended.

I pass room after room, all suited to a special purpose. Gyms, puzzle rooms, massage tables, gaming rooms, home theaters, study rooms. My children stride past with determination, all following their strict routines. I make an effort to smile at each one.

The doors to my office slide open, washing me in the smell of finely treated mahogany.  I step through, then feel a tap on my left thigh. "Excuse me," a small, high-pitched voice says.

Startled, I turn abruptly."You're not supposed to be here," I say, putting on my best frown. "You should be checking out your room."

The girl's little turtle sways beside her, clutched loosely in one hand, its feet brushing the floor. She has white-blond hair and looks almost emaciated, but her eyes contain a bright spark, quite obviously home to a burning intelligence. "I wanted to follow you," she says. "I've never had a Dad before."

Her voice carries a lilt and a melody and with a start I realize that she is the only one of the thirteen not yet categorized. She is due for further testing tomorrow. Sighing, I usher her into the office. "Have a seat, little girl," I say, my previous task forgotten.

She glides over to the chair and sits down, cradling the turtle protectively on her lap. "Why was I taken from my mother?"

I've given this answer a million times before. "Because this is your new home little girl, and I am your true parent," I say, spreading my palms. "It was a mistake, your time in that other place. You are safe now."

She frowns, not quite convinced, then her eyes light up and her smile projects a radiance that doesn't seem of this earth. "Look what I can do," she says excitedly. Before waiting for an answer she begins to hum, a light, joyous melody that encases me in soft sound.

My solid mahogany desk, over ten feet long and four feet wide, floats to the middle of the room, followed by everything else that isn't bolted down. She continues to hum, now punctuating it with small giggles, and the material swirls and folds in on itself until it is a rolling vortex, still gaining momentum. She claps her hands and the tornado - for that is what it is now - bursts through the glass wall of my office and clean out over the river, projecting over two hundred feet to splash into the water's current in a wide arc. That table cost me thousands of dollars, let alone the computers, laptops and other technology that was a mainstay of my working life.

"Holy shit," I mutter under my breath.

The little girl looks at me triumphantly, then immediately shrinks down around her turtle. "Sorry, I didn't intend for it to finish like that," she says. "It gets away from me sometimes."

"That's okay, Aela," I say, finally recalling her name. "I will teach you to control it." I fight to keep the wonder from my voice. "We've had many fairies before, but never a Sylph." 

I beam down at this frail little girl, take her hand, and lead her to her room. "Welcome to the family."