It's 9 PM in the evening. The smell of cigarettes and booze still lingers in my apartment from the night before.

I hear my girlfriend shift quietly in our bed. My mouth is dry as hell and I can smell my own breath. Where did I place the Ibuprofen? Please God! I can feel my heart pulse in my head, my stomach let's out a deafening growl. I need food, something to just get my mind off of this hangover. 

I walk over to the fridge, and throw open the door hoping to find some of those lasagna leftovers from three nights ago. No, nothing, the fridge is empty besided a half gallon of milk, a couple of beers and an orange that has definitely seen better days. With a disappointing thud I close the fridge.

I turn back towards the counter where, out of the corner of my eye I spot an ad in out local paper. Tucked away in the bottom right hand corner on the back of our newspaper I see it, "Nikkos Pizza Place." Again I can hear churning noises coming from my stomach. 

Reaching into my pocket I grab my phone, eight percent battery left. Better make it count. I hastily dial the number and wait. "Nikkos Pizza, how can I help you?!" Shit I don't know what to say, I had no time to decide what I wanted but it's too late now. "Can I please get a large pizza with just pepperoni and cheese?" there's a small pause on the other end "Anything else?  What kind of crust do you want? Garlic, butter, parmesane?" 

I take a moment to think "No crust please." why do I need garlic crust, they are going to rip me off for that anyway... There's a silence on the other end, "You said you wanted a large pepperoni with NO crust?" It took me a few seconds to collect my thoughts until I repeated "Correct, no crust." On the other end, "Will this be for pickup or delivery?" Do I want to pay the deliver fee? The address shown in the ad should only be two blocks or so down from me, "Pickup, I live close by." in a raspy almost concerned voice he says "Come around the back." I hear a click, he hung up! Just like that, no price, nothing.

I wait about 15 minutes before heading out. Wish I had some time to charge my phone, doesn't matter I'll leave it here. I'll be right back anyway. I toss my phone on the counter on my way out the door, headed into the cool December New York air.

To be continued...

First little story I decided to write here. I'm on my phone but please let me know if you want me to write the rest.