“Eons ago, there were beings called humans who inhabited Earth. They built civilizations and discovered a mass of technical knowledge They were smart creatures and they prospered over all the other species who lived there. Their only problem was that they were destroying their home while they prospered. A king can only rule if there is a kingdom. They ruined Earth for all the other species, and themselves. The pink, fleshy things that humans were, were weird and selfish. They killed each other, fought over things they couldn’t change, and never tried to fight for the things that they could. They only cared about who was president, their appearance, and who was famous. They were obsessed with the technology they created and forgot about the reality. They never cared about each other or the beautiful nature around them. I’m sure Earth was a sight to be seen before they were created. Eventually, the planet gave up. The ecosystem stopped making something they called oxygen that they breathed to live. The humans mostly all suffered a permanent vegetative state and eventually died. A few, however invented something called The Androids. The Androids’ purpose was to restore Earth to it’s former glory while they blasted off in some sort of ship into space and put themselves in a state of sleep, keeping them alive while they waited for their home to be restored. The other option was to find some sort of planet that could host them just as Earth has, and then most likely destroy that planet all over again, because it seems that after centuries, the humans were incapable of learning a lesson.”
As she spoke, the animals moved slowly around us. The antlered bears, massive as they were, followed the bright turquoise orbs who danced around the flying feathered foxes, and the large hooved eagles trotted happily through the trees behind her. I dragged my fingers across a rock covered in moss, humming quietly.
“The humans never returned. We don’t know what happened to them along the way, but Earth was in fact restored. We just hope that they didn’t find another planet to destroy, or if they did, that they nurtured that one. The Androids that they created were the savior of the planet. Plants thrived, growing everywhere, colorful and bright. Animals who had once lived before the Androids who didn’t die off and become extinct were rare, but still beautiful and living. New sorts of animals had evolved and populated the planet.” She said and raised her head towards the animals bounding happily around us. “ We’re similar to humans I suppose. We share a similar appearance, but instead, we’re smarter. We don’t spend our time worrying about materialistic objects and ideas. Instead, we build our civilizations to worship The Androids, the Gods of our Earth as we know it now. We hate the humans who once destroyed our Earth. We respect the ecosystem. So, we bow here at the temple of The Androids, who long ago created our livelihood as they rest here upon these pillars, their metal gleaming a gold glimmer in our eyes.  We’re ready for The Return of the humans. For when they return, if they do, they will die upon the steps of The Gods. They will learn what their actions have done. We will protect our heavenly body and nourish the Earth with their blood. “
-Kasey LeRay
