The bathroom door creaked as I pushed it open just a silver. Light poured from the room like fire from a cauldron illuminating the room outside, casting it's shadows it barred me from seeing in the other room. I clawed at the light switch turning it off without averting my eyes, sucking the light from the room like a vacuum. 

My friends clung to my back trying to see. They pressed me forward causing my palms to slip from the doorknob as the sweat began to accumulate. Tightening my grip I pressed my eyes on the door, looking. 

Outside was unchanged, dark and quiet. The oujja board sat right where I left it, on the ground swimming in my spilt coco. 

"Do you see it?" A harsh whisper spewed over into my ear along with a heavy breathing. My eyes began to adjust to the light, shapes began to form that I couldn't have seen before. 
"Quiet." I said edging closer, opening the door some more. 
"What do we do?" The other one said behind me. Her high pitched voice pierced my ears as she had done once before in our dissection class. The professor had instructed us to dissect a pup, as she moved onto the eyes it burst squirted juice onto her clothes. All I know, her outburst was enough to kill the damn dog a second time. 

I raised my hand in an attempt to silence him again, it was rude, but who cares at this point. Looking over at the table we sat upon, I could see it. It was staring back at me, It's breathing calm, it's eyes calculating. It stood slowly and began to charge towards me. It's eyes rang brighter, it's grunts louder. 

Slamming the door. I fell back as I latched the lock and then had enough time to scream a mouthful. The other two let out a shriek, I don't know if it was my scream or the human that made them do so. 

It clawed and banged at the door while yelling. It's gnarls and barks didn't formulate any kind of sense to me. But it grew stronger with every kick, the door began to twist. The lock began to turn. Bursting open, shards of wood splintered across the room as my friends yells drowned my own yells as the beast leaped towards us. 

Hitting my head on the desk, sweat dripped from my brow and my hands slid atop the desk as I tried to grasp at reality. The classroom formed from the darkness around me. Stares came my way as my friend laughed in him arm. 

The professor stared at me from under his glasses before continuing; "But the truth is; we all have inner demons that need to be nurtured. That's all we have for today. Glad you took the time and enjoyed a nap Rashad."