

Death and Life had been together since time began. Life created gifts for Death and Death received them once they were old. Sometimes Life's gifts fought, sometimes they got sick, sometimes they never made it to "old" but Death was there to receive them nonetheless. Everyone had a door and Death was the one to guide them through. Death always wondered where the doors went. They were one way only. One soul, one entry. Death had tried and tried to make doors for themselves to no avail. It made good practice though and at times when there was an surge of souls the extra doorways called out to the soul they were meant for, sealing without a trace once they were through. 

It was times like those Death felt alone. As soon as the bodies died, the souls would come clamouring. But they couldn't be left too long without passing through or they withered into nothingness. Death always wondered why they wouldn't wither, always wondered where they withered to.

Some say the world would end in fire, others in frost. Death barely registered the Earth destruct before there were waves upon waves of souls coming their way. Death worked harder than they ever had before, guiding and collecting souls and sending them on their way. It was exhausted and spent that Death heard it-

"At last."
Death looked up at a face they hadn't seen for eons. 
"I've missed you." Life said, reaching out and touching Death's face. 
Death smiled, "it has been some time hasn't it?"
They stood like that in silence. Life's hand never leaving Death's face, their eyes studying, brows narrowed. 
"You look...older. Tired."
"And you look the same."
Life slid their hand down to hold Death's. 
"You were always sweet. Did you like my presents?"
"I have spent years treasuring them all; they were so beautiful. I loved all of the shapes and sizes and colours- ah they are all so so beautiful. Thank you."
They sat a while. Hand in hand; old friends, together at last. Friends who had watched the world and wondered what it meant. Life faltered, and looked at Death with fear. 
"What is-? Oh. Is this what it feels like?" 
Death turned and saw how Life had dimmed. 
"It doesn't hurt."
Life arched an eyebrow. 
"It doesn't! I swear! And I'll make extra sure for you." 
Life relaxed. "I'll see you on the other side then."
Death smiled, "yes, I'll see you on the other side."
Death opened up the gateway, and Life went towards it. 
"To the other side," Life said giving Death's hand a squeeze. 
"To the other side." Death replied letting Life's hand go. 
Life stepped through, the gateway closing behind them. 
"To the other side." Death whispered, staring at where the last doorway once stood, now truly alone in the universe. 
