Right eye, left eye...right eye, left eye. Who ever said having these powers was a gift? I can't remember how long it's been, or even how old I am. The feeling of weightlessness, the lack of substance both metaphorically and physically. When was the last time I heard someone speak, when was the last time I felt another human's touch?...

Right eye, left eye... just a bit further now...Right eye, left eye... if I can just hold on for a few more days, I might make it back home. I can see the familiar blue glow from here, how many years had it been? It's difficult to keep track when you don't age, when you don't breath.

They said I was special, born in space with no earthly restrictions to hold me back. My body recycles hydrogen and light, it doesn't need air or food. Don't ask me how it works, I don't get hungry or thirsty. I don't even cast a shadow. Right eye... that day they sent me back up, how old was I? 18 or 19? couldn't have been much older than that. I had no idea at the time, no clue that these powers would manifest as soon as I left the atmosphere. Those poor bastards in the shuttle with me, no time to react...it was over as quick as that, left eye...

One blink, that's all it took. It all started with something as small and insignificant as that, first I was calling out system checks, the next...I was in pieces, scattered amongst the stars...I don't even know how I was still conscious, but I was. Right eye... then I started to materialise, piece by piece until I was whole again. Another blink, another galaxy, what was happening to me? it seemed that with each simultaneous blink I was jumping into a new reality, tearing myself apart and reassembling somewhere empty, somewhere cold, left eye...

It has all been a blur, I haven't seen home in a long time,right eye...it took me even longer to find my way back, I'm still surprised I have, left eye....

As the days pass it gets closer, I can almost make out the continents now, right eye....just a little longer and I'll be home, left eye....

I just need to get through the atmosphere and everything will be OK...

Not long to go now, I need to be strong, one eye after the other. Just don't think about it.

Don't think about...don't...*blink*