Edith couldn’t remember exactly when the game had become more important than real life. Compared to the drudgery of her daily routines, the game filled her with joy and meaning. It was the only thing she looked forward to.

She was a half-orc wizard. To complete today's quest, she had to track down wild boars in the forest and collect their tusks. Fifty of them. To make matters worse, even though each boar clearly had two tusks stuck on their face, she was only able to collect a single tusk from about half of those she killed. She didn’t understand why, and it drove her crazy.

She was eager to turn in her quest so she could call it a day and play the game.

After logging in to the game, Edith’s character woke up in the familiar soft bed she had recently purchased for her home. The game also made her grind for currency, but it didn’t feel as tedious as when she hunted boars in real life. She spent the earnings on comfortable items and experiences for her character and its two children. She knew it was silly for her character to have children, or to spend so much time spoiling them. After all, they weren’t real. But they felt real to her.

Edith’s character rolled over and softly kissed its (also fake) husband on the cheek before sneaking out to start grinding for currency, careful not to wake anyone on its way out.

The server Edith played on was a permadeath roleplay server. Once your character died, you could never play with it again. This meant that Edith’s role was all the more appreciated: she was a healer. Every day, other players would bring in their injured characters to a hospital, and Edith would return them to full health. 

Her character's mount, a Mercedes, rolled in to the driveway. She had brought consumable items for her character and its family. After using them, her character sat down on the couch, holding the child she had acquired seven months ago and was in turn embraced by its husband. Feeling happy, Edith fell asleep while still logged in.

A noise from a nearby mount woke Edith up, her character now tucked in with a blanket on the couch. Panicking, she sprang to the device from which she could safely log out.

QUEST EXPIRED

Her heart sank. This was not the first time Edith had failed to turn in a quest. She spent all her spare time in the game, and it was starting to take a toll on her life. She couldn't remember the last time she had leveled up, and her currency reserves were dwindling.

This couldn't go on. She had to get her life under control. She had known this for a while. She also knew what she had to do, but she couldn't bring herself to do it.

No. Today. It was the only way.

After accepting and completing a new quest (which took longer than it should have; she was tired and unfocused from playing the game too much), Edith logged in to the game for the last time.

She savored every moment, like a quitting smoker trying to immortalize their last cigarette in memory. Her character kissed its fake husband. On its way out, it stopped by the consumable items container and admired a picture the older child had produced.

Crying, Edith made her character go to the hospital.

She gave no indication to the other players that she would no longer heal them. She felt guilty, but other players would surely take her place. Before leaving, she pilfered a few vials of a consumable she used in her role and snuck them into her character's inventory.

The mount went quiet, and Edith guided her character inside. To the silly fake family that was so dear to her.

A couple of hours later, she mixed the consumables from the hospital with the other consumables she was used to serving the character's husband and oldest child. She watched them eat, and she repressed a tear as they drowsily slumped over the table.

Holding the youngest child in one arm, Edith's character procured a syringe with its free hand and clumsily filled it from a vial. The baby whimpered as the syringe pierced its delicate skin. Its whimpering quickly subsided, and Edith's character comforted it as trusting eyes gazed up at hers.

Edith wept as her character felt its baby's last wheezing breaths leave its frail body.

She was heartbroken, but Edith knew she had done the right thing. She logged out. There were boars to hunt.