Ash was very pleased with himself. The endless fields of wheat were not so boring anymore, as a beautiful temple towered above them. It was grand to Ash at least. In truth, it was a larger-than-average pagoda with a crude fountain in the center, but to Ash it was more beautiful than anything else on his family's land. It was an unusual addition to the wheat fields and cottage he had inherited from his father and father before him. All he had was passed down from them and he wanted something to call his own, something he was responsible for. He did not want to leave this earth having done nothing but till soil, did not want to be defined by his inheritance.

Ash wasn't a religious man, but he was very spiritual. After all, his livelihood was tied to the earth, to the soil, and to the sun. It all meant something to him. He wasn't sure what, but it felt real, felt like there was life behind it, something more than just physical. As a token of his gratitude, he decided to build a temple to that feeling he had in his heart, that pulse that he felt beneath his feet.

He went inside, and got on his knees.

"Praise to you, sweet mother earth. You gave me life, and you gave me wealth. I give my thanks."

He smiled, not sure what to expect. Mostly he expected nothing but a feeling of warmth, the same sort of feeling he felt at noon while working the land, sun high overhead. But to his amazement, he felt the earth shake slightly, and the water in the fountain overflowed. His mouth dropped open as he saw a feminine hand appear out of the water, but the color of her skin was mottled brown and green, like a toad. Pulling herself out of the water, a beautiful nude woman appeared out of thin air. She looked to be very young and very old at the same time, a timeless figure. Her eyes were emptiness, a void that gave him chills. Her mottled skin moved and slithered like a snake in a swamp. She seemed to grow both bark and scales, a beautiful union of plant and animal.

She stood and watched him, arms draped at her sides. Ash began to feel a bit uncomfortable in her glare, felt unworthy, like he owed her something more than what he had to give. He began to wonder if he had made a wise choice, building a pagan temple without any thought of who might come.

"Who... who are you?" he sputtered when he had the courage to break the endless silence.

"*I make the seeds sprout, I make the grass grow, I make the cherries red. I am the forest and I am Sylvan.*"

Suddenly she smiled and seemed to glow, a haze twisting around her as she spoke. Ash's goose bumps faded, and he felt his heart return to a somewhat normal pace. This was the spirit that he felt on his land, the warmth of summer and the cold of winter.

"Pleased to meet you, Sylvan! I would like to give my thanks to you and everything you have offered me. I'm but a simple farmer, and I owe you my heart and soul."

"*I make the seeds sprout, I make the grass grow, I make the cherries red. I am the forest and I am Sylvan.*"

Ash tilted his head, trying to understand her words. Surely there was more to her?

"Well, I don't have a forest, and I don't grow no cherries, but all the same, I am thankful. My family and I are so blessed to share this land with you."

"*I make the seeds sprout, I make the grass grow, I make the cherries red. I am the forest and I am Sylvan.*"

Ash felt more perplexed. Maybe if he had something to offer her, something to show his gratitude? He thought for a minute while she stared, tried to think of how he could best give thanks to her. He wasn't experienced with deities of the earth, wasn't knowledgeable about religion whatsoever. He just knew what he felt in his heart.

And what he felt in his heart was simple, and he knew he would do best if he kept things simple. Ash will treat her as a guest, as he has treated other guests he loved. He'd make her dinner, have her meet his family! They'd love her, he thought. His young ones would be amazed.

"Please Sylvan, just wait here. I'll show you exactly what you've blessed me with!"

She stood and stared, watching as Ash ran back to his cottage, chittering with glee. He grabbed a sample of everything he had in his garden, everything he grew, everything Sylvan was to thank for. The kids were jumping and shouting, joining in the excitement, even though they had no idea what the surprise was. He cooked a huge feast of green beans, potatoes, chicken, pork, tomatoes, onions, garlic. He made a huge stew, spiced it up as best he could and then brought out his best dishes and silverware.

"Hurry kids, grab plates and bowls! Get ready, because you're in for a treat!"

"What is it daddy! What is it!"

"You'll see!"

His five children bounded over to the temple he built, laughing as they ran. Ash struggled to keep up. As he came to the temple, he sighed. She was still there, still right where he left her. His children had stopped in their tracks, their mouths wide open, simply pointing at the creature they never knew could exist.

"Come on now! She won't bite! I'd like you to meet a good friend. She's the spirit of the land, and she's the reason our plants grow."

They sat huddled together and just stared at her. Little Tom, his youngest, was pointing at her green skin, and his oldest was just sitting there smiling at her.

"She looks sad, daddy," Ashley said, watching the void in her eyes.

"Don't be rude now. Her name is Sylvan."

"*I make the seeds sprout, I make the grass grow, I make the cherries red. I am the forest and I am Sylvan.*"

Ash nodded, having heard it all before.

"Daddy, what forest is she from?" Little Tom asked.

"I'm not sure Tom, but maybe there was one here long ago. She's an ancient one, to be sure."

"*I make the seeds sprout, I make the grass grow, I make the cherries red. I am the forest and I am Sylvan.*"

"Daddy, what's that mean? Did there used to be a forest here?"

"I'm not sure Tom, but she probably had no one to talk to for hundreds of years. She don't say much else."

"Hundreds of years Daddy? Does that mean she used to know grand-dad?"

"And his grand daddy too probably!"

"Whoa, cool!"

"Quiet now, let's eat."

Ash took the bowls out, placed one on the floor in front of Sylvan, then one on the floor in front of each of his children, and then finally one in front of himself. He poured some stew into each, and finally a spoon. They all sat cross legged in from of Sylvan, while she still stood, motionless except for the writhing of her skin and hair.

"Sylvan, I'd like you to see what we've done with your gifts. This is a little bit of everything you've given us. We're very thankful."

For the first time since she came out of the fountain, Sylvan moved. She stared down at her bowl in curiosity, then dipped a finger into it, like a root reaching into water. She stood back up slowly, and looked down at each of Ash's children.

"Isn't she hungry, Daddy? Maybe she doesn't eat."

"*Eat*."

Sylvan wrapped her arms around herself and kneeled with her head tilted forward, green hair flowing over her face. As she opened her arms, five golden apples were in her hands.

"*Eat*."

Ash's mouth dropped open, and his children gasped.

"Don't be shy now, she's giving us gifts!" Ash said in a hushed tone.

Ashley muttered, "But Daddy, I don't want to."

"Quiet now and eat up! Don't be rude."

Each of his children anxiously picked up a golden apple from her arms, and each took a bite. Smiles grew on their faces, and they ate faster and slurped up the juice off their fingers.

"That's good!" Little Tom said, swallowing down the last bite.

"Thank you Sylvan. We are truly blessed," Ash said, kneeling down in front of her, hands clasped together.

"Daddy... I don't feel too good."

Ash looked to his left, and he saw Little Tom clutching his stomach. His face was wrinkled up like he took a bite of a lemon.

"Daddy, I don't feel good either," another one spoke up behind him.

And another child began to speak, but before a word came out of his mouth, vomit spew forth, a putrid green slime that appeared to be writhing. Ash shook in horror, eyes wide. It was writhing. There were worms crawling in it, centipedes, spiders. It looked as if his child had just vomited up an insect nest.

Little Tom began to vomit, green slime covering his hands. Ashley began to vomit, putrid green flowing down her face and dripping down onto the floor. They began to keel over, fainting and convulsing. To Ash's horror their skin began to wrinkle up, crack, ooze.

He faced Sylvan, and ice pumped through his veins. What was once a beautiful nude woman was now a filthy old crone, flesh cracking and oozing with the same putrid green that spewed from his children's mouths. As his children began to turn into puddles of putrid ooze, so did Sylvan.

"*I make the plants rot, I make the poison flow, I make disease spread. Your ancestors cut down my children.*"