Bahamut has long lived and ruled as the King of the Good Dragons, preferably resting in the depths of Grizwold Grotto or soaring at the summit of Mt. Odelpha. His gold, ancient treasures and dearest possessions get safetly stowed in a cavity burrowed deep in the highest altitudes of the mountain range, removing the temptations from greedy knights and kings whom lived in the kingdom below, Crown's Casting.

Bahamut is oft recalled with many different monikers by the humans below, The Platinum Dragon and Wyrmking amongst them. Though Bahamut entertains the title "Lord of the North Wind" most of these by soaring throughout the cold, white-capped mountain peaks, he truly only feels whole in the Grotto on the opposing side of Mt. Odelpha. Where boulders meet the grass and dirt and the steep slopes wind in and out, a turn around the right corner reveals an enormous, black mouth leading down into the belly of the stone behemoth.

The winding dark-stone tunnels upon entrance are a labyrinth to even the most traveled men due to a powerful, ancient magic a hand. An unknown sentient magic which was there long before even Bahamut himself, and which granted the gift of direction to those worthy. Past this intense, palpable Sentient Field which dances through the mind, the feeling of cool mist gently brushes across the face and thickens as one progresses down the main corridor. 

At the center of the mountain range is an underground river which was thought dried up, but actually lies hidden by the Sentient Field's twisted tunnels. The main corridor delivers those with purpose enough right onto a lush river bank and delta- with foliage, shrubbery and small trees not seen on the earth's surface. The black and gray stone walls, once the sole presence in the cavern, become covered in luscious green and red leaved vines that grow upwards from the super rich soil. The mineral deposits carried only through this underground River Undally give life to a beautiful life incomparable to anything ever seen, including trees covered in large ornamental golden and red leaves, who's sacred energy radiates throughout the chamber. 

This main hollow the river passes through, Grizwold Grotto, is where the Platinum Dragon chooses to spend most of his time. The sacred energy, the beautiful scenery and the fresh crystal-clear water make it perfectly fit for a King of Dragons to reside in. Bahamut realized long ago that the Sentient Field was a force other than himself which kept him and his Odelpha Palace undisturbed by those looking for trophies or fame, who would otherwise never have lived to tell of it.