"Skydiving splatter job?"

"Oh yeah, that end would have been messy."

"Bungee jump into a woodchipper?"

"Oooo that one would have been juicy too."

I kept flipping through the encyclopedia of all my alternate deaths.  

"Look man, I always tell folks they don't have to read this.  Your stuff is particularly intense."

I looked up at the angel.  Suprisingly, they were nothing like I imagined.  Young, clean shaven, white suit and all.  

"I don't understand... how could have I died in so many ways?   I was boring....and how the hell did I live to be 97?"

The angel smiled.  "Listen my friend.  Nothing is certain.  We're not actually all knowing.  Everyone gets that wrong.  We're just really really good at statistics.  We looked at your personality, dexterity, company you keep, and activities you run and come up with all the potential deaths that could happen to you.  Then we eliminate the improbable and keep anything above a 95% probability in the book.  Most people average 25-150 possibilities. Risk takers like your wife over there quite often come in higher, but you...well you're an anomaly."

I was truly confused now.  "I still don't get how I could have died over a million ways.  How did I even make it to old age?"

"Well....that is where it gets interesting.  You were never supposed to be born in the first place.  See, your mother intended to terminate the pregna..

"Uh....WHAT?!" I interjected
 
The angel continued, "Yeah, kind of a detail most leave out when raising a kid.  Listen, the universe never intended for you to exist.  It spent the entirety of your life attempting to correct your existence.  As soon as you were born, your numbers went absofuckinglutley haywire.  Hell, We had guys calculating your stuff around the clock for 37 years of your life.  We actually had to give up.  Truth be told, I'm not quite sure how you made it to 97, but we ran the numbers and you had a 0.0000000032% chance of that happening when you were born.  Interestingly, the odds went up every year after you met your wife."

"Ok....glad I met her then.  So do we get to go to heaven?"

"Yeah, you were pretty cool people down there.  Listen man, I wouldn't sweat the whole dying thing.  You won the lottery.  Anytime your death was a sure thing, you lucked at and made the right move.  Canceled a road trip, didn't jump out of the plane, remembered to double check the lock on your home.  If I didn't know any better, I'd say you had a guardian angel....pun intended 
by the way. So... Go ahead, walk through the gates, and enjoy your eternity of bliss!"

Still confused, I decided to take him up on his advice and put the book down. Whatever the odds were, I somehow beat them.  I thanked the angel and began walking towards the gate.  My wife walked up after finishing her conversation.  

"Everything ok?" She said.  

"Oh nothing", I happily replied.  "We're just lucky to be here."

"Ha, that we are!" she said with a nervous smile.  

We began walking on the winding path towards the gate of heaven when she quickly pushed me off the path out of the sight of the angels 

"Listen to me, there isn't much time!"

"Susan...what the fu..." 

She covered my mouth.  "We do not have time!  This is not heaven, these are not angels.  They have been after you for a very very long time.  You are more important than you know.  RUN down the hidden path now.  My people are waiting for you"

Startled now I looked at my wife of 66 years, "I don't understand."

"I don't have time to explain! You need to move now.  The fate of all exsistence rests on your soul.  We had to delay your death as long as possible to plan an escape.  This is it....RUN....I'll hold them off."

I could hear the angels approaching our spot on the path.  With fear gripping me and emotions running strong, I took one last look at my beautiful Susan. A pitiful "ok" was all i could muster. 

I turned my back on her and began running.  I'll never forget the chaos that ensued.  The growls, roars, and schreeches that played out behind me.  All I could do was run. 

Run until I saw her people.  


Edit: Holy crap this blew up.  Thanks for the love everyone.  I guess I'll write some more stuff when I can't sleep.  

Edit 2: Holy crap again.  Thanks for gold and 5k upvotes.  Really blown away how well received this has been.  I think I will develop this story further.  I'll try to tag everyone who requested. 

Edit 3: Alright, enough people requested more, so I will oblige.  I created a subreddit r/VengefulSeven_Stories.  I'll post the next chapter of this saga there.