D had everything. He had a beautiful, bisexual girlfriend, a huge screen tv with every modern gaming console, an apartment and groceries paid for by his doctor/father, and he had the brains to back it all up. What D also had, was Diabetes, type 1. He smoked marijuana to alleviate the pain caused by neuropathy. I would visit him on occasion to smoke high grade medical weed and watch movies or tv, usually interspersed with heady conversation about quantum physics or political-social philosophy. We had a good friendship, that is, until I moved in with him to alleviate my chronic homelessness. I had been on the streets since discharging from the army almost a decade previous, and I'd had quite enough of the vagrant life.  
  
I moved in under the assumption that I'd go about getting my veterans benefits squared away, while helping D with the housework which caused him such discomfort, and thus, was rarely done. I wish I'd realized what our mutual crazies would lead to, and that I'd been strong enough, or smart enough, to avoid it...  
  
I had been at D's for over a month, and I had yet to pursue any of my personal goals, let alone helping him maintain his modest domicile. I awoke sometime in the late afternoon one day, to the sound of shouting. D was yelling at his girlfriend about his fear that her new job was a front for prostitution, and that she was cheating on him with random people for money. I lay there, still exhausted, but unable to block out the raised voices and toxic, critical thoughts about D's apparently paranoid mentality. Finally, after twenty minutes of ridiculously loud and fruitless back and forth, D's girlfriend left the apartment. I got up then, stumbling to the bathroom across from my room, playing up my tiredness as if I'd just woken up. A quick glance into the front room showed me D, sitting in his accustomed spot at the dining room table, but with his head down, obviously crying. A short time later, I flushed the toilet and made my way into the front room, heading for the kitchen to make some instant coffee. D was upright by then, staring slump shouldered at his phone while a talking head on the tv blared on about some liberal news story. "Sucks about how the election turned out." I said from the kitchen, while my water heated in the microwave. "Yeah," he replied. "and these dickheads only wanna discuss who he's slept with!"  
  
I stirred my coffee and dry creamer together while I thought of what to say next. D had always been touchy about politics, and I figured his recent spat with his girl had set him further on edge than normal. "Yeah, though it makes sense the pundits would go after anything irregular in his background." I almost shouted back, just to be heard over the television. "Yeah." he sighed, and then resumed his dejected scrolling. I took my coffee over to my accustomed place at the table and fired up my ancient laptop. As my computer whirred to life, D looked up at me and said plainly, "She left me."  
  
I took a sip of my scalding hot coffee to buy a little time while I processed his tone. "What happened?" I eventually asked, turning most of my attention to my computer screen. "I called her out on her work hours, and all the "overtime" (I could hear the quotation marks) "she's been getting. I said to her, 'I know that area, and I know what the companies there *really* do to make their money.' She denied it up and down, of course, and she got mad at me for insinuating that she's having sex with random guys while she tells me she's just there late 'doing the dishes.'" Again, the emphasis and bitter commentary were unmistakable, and my eyes widened appropriately over the rim of my cup while I scrambled internally to form some response to his obvious bid for debate.  
  
You see, D was a particularly caustic and pointed individual. His health and personal hardships had sharpened his formidable intellect to an extremely volatile edge, making conversation with him into an exercise in informed agreement. Anything other would invariably be met with loud denunciation or sullen ignorance, either of which could easily lead to my being kicked out.  
  
"That sucks." I finally managed, hoping that my depressed and exhausted brain would eventually provide an adequate follow up, and soon. Lacking such, I tried to appear busy with my computer, clicking intently and narrowing my eyes in obvious frustration.  
  
In the moment, I couldn't escape the sense that D was being unfair and paranoid; that his lack of extra-personal activity was leading him to see his girlfriend's work schedule as a personal attack.  
  
Finally I looked over at him and opened my mouth, intending to ask some leading question, but I froze. D wasn't looking at me, or his phone, or even the tv. He was looking at the lid of my laptop with a vacant, almost sad expression. I had never seen him lose focus on any topic, let alone his tumultuous relationship, so I asked, tentatively, "You ok?"  
  
He looked at me then, seemingly on a completely different tack and said, reverently, "Computing technology is amazing."  
  
"Definitely!" I replied, relieved at the change in topic, but silently wary of what had prompted such an abrupt diversion.  
  
D seemed to ignore my response and instead continued, "In ten years, if things go as they are projected to, we may even be able to finally build an AI capable of accurately predicting the future!"  
  
I warmed instantly to this new subject and mostly forgot the original basis of our conversation, hoping that it had nothing to do with what we were now discussing, but I was wrong.  
  
Ideas about paradox and time travel built themselves between us as we recalled esoteric tidbits from all of the fiction and theory we had collectively studied, until the topic, inevitably, came back to the present.  
  
"If we eventually invent time travel, I'm going back to see what's really going on with her at that so called *job*" D said, some time later. I was instantly derailed in my enthusiasm, and so shocked that his apparent segue was just an extension of his earlier paranoid misgivings, that I let slip a swift, "Psshhhh!" And, "If we do, I'll come back to stop you from doing that to yourself, and her!"  
  
The mood immediately cooled, and I could see on D's face the telltale signs that I'd aroused his ire. "You don't know SHIT about what's really going on there, and you have NO RIGHT to stop me from setting my mind at ease where my daughter's MOM is concerned!" he yelled.  
  
I sighed heavily, and settled into my seat for another lengthy and emotional row with my volatile benefactor, when suddenly, I was also in the seat across from me. I saw myself. I was myself, looking at myself from a few feet away. I was wounded, bleeding from the scalp and chest, ragged tears in my unfamiliar clothing. I vomited, once, violently and in tandem with myself, onto the paraphernalia strewn table. My other self recovered much quicker than I ever will, and drew a gun from my waistband. The futuristic looking weapon was pointed levelly at D's head, and I heard myself say, "Don't go looking where there's nothing to find, brother." And then I pulled the trigger... 