I walk out of the elevator, sick of that nagging feeling I get when I head out for a smoke. Why did I even do that anymore? My wife had been begging me for years to stop, but with this ridiculous desk job it seemed like the one bit of the day I was capable of looking forward to. The rest was just a grind. A long, mundane grind with people I hardly cared about.

I look up from the elevator’s floor as I step out into the lobby. The first detail I noticed was the polished floors. They’d never broken out from their marble status, caked over with dust and dirt. But now they’d seemed almost actually cared for. Not to mention the rest of the lobby either. I felt dreamlike in status as I peered into the glazed-over eyes of women wearing pantsuits and men wearing jeans to a corporate building such as this. Something was off. I walk through the lobby towards the second elevator and notice a man on his phone as I proceed. By on his phone, and I felt it creep over me that it wasn’t what I’d consider to be “on”, I meant looking at a glowing tablet and swiping and tapping his finger across it.

Curious, I meander over and sit down on the couch, its nice leather and padding a new comfort to me growing used to only old cloth couches in the lobby.

“Hey... sir?”

“Oh, hm?” He replies nonchalantly, barely realizing my introduction. This was a man living with Star-Trek-Level technology and not flinching a bit, not noticing how surreal his own device was. 

“What are you... what are you holding?”


“You mean my iPhone?”


What! I’d thought it might have been a phone but this new evolution of an Apple product was plainly too small to be a phone. Where’s the antenna? Where’s the blocky structure? Where’s the.... anything? It’s just one weird screen!

And then I looked up and around me people were walking with this alien gear as small palm tablets, large hand tablets, the thinnest laptops I’ve ever seen, glowing watches, and a stature to them I couldn’t have imagined to be experiencing just five minutes ago.

“No..” play it cool, I think to myself, formulating my response. “Thought it was something else..”

I walk hastily into the new elevator, the golden wall paneling and the digital screen inside of it catching me off guard, yet I proceeded to the floor I knew regardless. It felt the same but upgraded. The mundaneness replaced by a futurism I only thought I knew as a child. What happened when I was in that elevator?

I sit down at my desk, same cubicle, same part of the building. My computer was upgraded and my name was now some woman’s named “Ashley”. But I kept going, I logged in with what was shockingly the same password I’d been used to using. I immediately look at the date. December First, Two Thousand And Eighteen. Fucking hell.


“James.... is that you?”

I hear the voice break the shock behind me. An older man stood there. His features were gray but his face rang familiar to me. “Kevin!” I immediately get back up and embrace my old boss, pulling him in while he stiffens in what seems to be sheer surprise. “Kevin, what happened? I got in that elevator, I got out of the elevator, then everything was clean, then Apple made a bunch of Star Trek thingies, then I got here and now this isn’t even my desk anymore!”

“Well James, I have to say I’m impressed. You haven’t aged at all. We’d assumed you’d been hospitalized, what was that all about? Anyways, we never got contact from you, never heard anything from your family.”

He begins to take me by the shoulder, and we walk through the office towards another cluster of cubicles.


“But I guess you really were in that hospital. You seem to still be acclimating, so I have to thank you for coming back to join us so soon. Lucky for you, I’ve kept your old workspace intact. It’s mainly used by interns now as a spare, but let’s get you working on some new spreadsheets I’ll email over soon.”

He pats me on the back and leaves me in the dustiest cubicle in the cluster.

“Wait.. Kevin! You.. I wasn’t in a hospital! I just walked in the elevator!”

I panic and look at my screen, it loads up Windows and the familiarity is reassuring. But why, why was I still working as I was? We have all this shiny tech and future workplaces and probably way better robots. Surely, I wasn’t actually still expected to do everything I’d been doing, right? I felt drained, I held my head as I began to open up the email. How was I still working when we live now in the world I’d imagined as a kid? I cried, tears dropping onto the keyboard. Loss entangled me and I felt drained. There was so much hope for the future when I walked in that elevator, and now the future looks more like my past than even the old days did. And here we were still. I typed on, longing to see more of this new place I’ve stepped into, desperate to get up. But I guess there were still bills to pay too.