The car won’t start.  

It shouldn’t still piss me off, but GODDAMNIT!  

I don’t feel like telling you how I wasted hours in traffic. Or how hard it was to get one goddamn Home Depot employee to help me find the hoses.  I don’t even want to get into how much effort I put into making sure that I had sealed up every last inch of this drafty garage with duct tape.   

To be honest, I’m mostly just pissed at myself. I know this was gonna happen. By my count that’s now 137 failed suicide attempts. A gambler might say I was due.  

I’ve had ropes snap. Concerned stevedores pull me from frigid waters. And guns jam on me -- Christ, the jammed guns. I could fire five shots into the air, but you better believe that sixth shot -- the one pointed at my temple -- is gonna jam.   

And at that last moment -- right before I’m about to pull the trigger, or step off that bridge -- I can always hear her voice:  

“You’re not allowed to die, okay?”  

Even then I thought it was a strange thing to say. I had just told Jenny I was leaving her. She asked what her name was. When I didn’t say anything, she knew it was Caroline.   

That’s when Jenny said, “You’re not allowed to die, okay?”  

At the time, I assumed she was trying to tell me to fuck off and die, but her words were coming out all jumbled up. Like when you’re pissed at some douche on the highway, and you’re too angry to decide whether you want to call him a dick or asshole, so you call him a “Dickass.”    

But holy shit was I wrong.  

There were some inklings -- a few really close calls that were probably too close to just be close calls: Cinder blocks at construction sites missing my head by only a few inches. Car accidents that I had no right to walk away from. But when I turned 80 without a hint of heart disease or cancer, I knew something was up.

“I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a healthy 102 year old.” That doctor was more confused than anything. He probably would have tested me all day, if he could. But I was too preoccupied to pay him much mind. That happened to be the same day Caroline had passed away thirty years earlier. Years go by pretty fast now. I don’t care much for that goddamn traffic, but I’m gonna miss everyone when I’m the only person left. Goddamn, I hope it doesn’t come to that.  

I don’t know how Jenny did it -- must have been voodoo or something. Never was much for all that superstitious shit. But I gotta hand it to her, she really figure out how to stick it to me.      

Maybe I’ll try jumping off that bridge again tonight.  