  

“So, what do you want for Christmas?” 

“A unicorn!” Sara shouted. My wife let out a nervous laugh. 

“That’s nice but how about something realistic?” 

“No, I want a unicorn,” Sarah said stubbornly. 

“I’ll have one by next week,” I said as I got up. “I just have to catch it.” I left the living room to grab my gear upstairs, my wife was hot on my heels.

“You can’t be serious.” 

“Our child wants a unicorn.”

“It’s wrong to hold a creature hostage for a child,” she hissed, her pupils shifted from round to narrow slits. 

“Unicorns are loyal creatures. I’ll catch one, get it to trust Sarah, set it free and it’ll come back once in a while.”

“I don’t like this idea,” she said. “How about we just get her a doll instead?” I twitched irritated as I felt my body relax underneath her words.

“Really?” I asked as I ignored the pull of her magic. 

“It was worth a try. Besides unicorn hunting is extremely dangerous.” I unlocked the door of a room and flicked on the lights. I walked out and back over to the stairs. I peeked over the edge to see Sarah still watching TV. I wandered back in the room and began loading up a bag with gear. “It’s dangerous and stupid.”

“Dangerous,” I snorted. “if I can fight off a cove of sirens for your hand in marriage, I can do anything. You should have seen your mother’s face.”   

“Oh please, you were terrified.”

“I was not. Besides the unicorn, I think this is the year we should also gift her with knowledge of her roots.” My wife paled. 

“I’m not ready for that.”

“Then when are we going to tell her?” 

“We don’t have to. I mean she doesn’t really have to know. She’s only 7, she’s too young for this.”

“When her powers start showing, what are we going to tell her?”

“I don’t want her to think she’s a mutant of some kind.”

“she won’t think that way, if anything she’ll be happy she’s got powers.” My wife turned away sulking when I wrapped my arms around her. “Oh, come on, I’m right. When she asks, you and I will be ready.”

“Look, our story, the start wasn’t happy. We nearly started a war over our interracial marriage and so many people die and…”

“and that’s over. We should at least let Sarah know what she is,” I said as I twirled a piece of her red hair. I nuzzled my nose into the crook of her neck. I felt my heart rate sped up and my body relax, the luring scent of a siren does wonders to one’s body. 

“but then she’ll started asking questions and…” 

“and if that happens I’ll answer them. We’ll be alright, I’m going to get that unicorn.”

“I’ll come with you.”

“No. someone needs to watch over Sarah.”

“You can use all the help you can get. Unicorns aren’t like the ones Sarah reads about in her fantasy books. They’re vicious creatures that kill for fun.”

“I will be alright, I’ll come home if it gets too much.”

“Promise?” she asked.

“Promise,” I swore as I pressed a kiss to her neck. I released her and grabbed my bag. 

&#x200B;

Note: not edited and I'll stop here.