It's been a year since David had last seen the rich and verdant meadows surrounding his home in Utah. Ever since he was a little innocent child, he was always excited about every trip he took with his family. Having a keen sense of adventure and an inherent affinity to science and exploration, he grew up to be a scientist, following his father's steps, ever eager to roam the field. Finally, the 20 year old explorer achieved his dream of visiting the Antarctic continent with some of the finest experienced researchers in the UN. Even now, he remembers the soft and wet grass on which he would lie down for hours, gazing at the clouds, watching the warm sunny rays slip through his fingers. As much as he would have loved to relive those moments, he knew that he no longer belonged there. The only way now is forward. Reports of an amazing discovery reached the snow-covered base of Amundsen-Scott where David was stationed. As soon as he heard the news, he was one of the first to sign up for the expedition. Two days later, the team arrived at the site of the discovery and prepared for their assessment. Out in the middle of nowhere, a strange and sizeable metal object was discovered by a recon rover after a blizzard storm last week. An unregistered installation had been found, in a seemingly unexplored part of the frozen desert, and the only way to access it was through a strange hatch on the surface. No buildings or surface installations in sight, just a hatch made out of extremely durable unknown materials. Any attempts to scan the interior of this base failed. The only way now was to open it. As usual, David was the first to volunteer, along with his best friend Jeff and several other researchers they were familiar with. Adrenaline rushed through his veins as he hastily lifted the hatch, helped by his colleagues. After climbing down a short ladder, he jumped off to the ground, and caused the lights to suddenly turn on, flooding the room with a bright white light. The reasearchers where amazed at what they had discovered : the room was quite large and shockingly luxurious. It resembled a small lobby, with three long leather couches, an intriguing vase on top of a large square glass table, and a red carpet across the floor. A strange round glass object hung on the cieling, probably some sort of advanced monitoring device, followed David through its "eye", a red dot, everywhere he went. "Pretty neat for an Antarctic research base" Jeff said. And as he leaned on to examine the ornamental vase, it tilted on its side, revealing a secret elevator door on the left of the room. "Apparently, we're not done with surprises yet" stated Charles, the team leader. "Stay alert people". As soon as he finished his words, an alarm rang loudly and the room was flooded with a disturbing red light. Soldiers stormed the room from a secret door next to the elevator and surrounded the research team, visibly confused and frightened, threatening and shouting through their coms whilst speaking some unknown language. The team had no choice but to surrender. The soldiers were all equipped with all-white advanced military suits, cutting edge technology and futuristic weaponry, unknown to any of the scientists. They seemed to look like humans but they were much taller and larger. "Who are you? What do you want from us?" pleaded David. Apparently, his teamates were too startled to even say a word. One soldier started talking, while pressing a button on his helmet under the chin. This time, words came out loud and clear :
"You have entered this base with no authorisation. We can no longer let you leave, you must come with us."
"What is this?! Who authorised such activity in here? Don't you know who we are?" yelled Peter, the representative of the UN on this expedition. The soldier replied, clearly tense:  "Protests are futile. You must comply, if you want to remain in one piece." He then gave orders and his squad started forcing the intruders into the door. David did not want to go down without a fight, and with one glance to his friend, Jeff and he were ready to fight back. In a flash, Jeff broke free of his captor and delivered a strong punch to his abdomen, then pushed him to the floor and proceeded to help his best friend but was soon knocked out by another soldier. David, on the other hand, had knocked over a soldier, grabbed another by his helmet, and snatched it off his head. Only in the moment when he did that, he stood in horror as he had revealed his aggressor's face. Next thing he knows, he feels a heavy blow on the back of his head and falls on the ground, disoriented. David felt his consciousness fade.
"Could it be true? Is the Ice Age over? How could we have missed it?!".
"It does not matter. By the looks of these men, I'd say we're not that far from schedule. If we are to set things right, we need to get in motion . Prepare the fl....".
And David heard no more.

This is my first response on this subreddit. Please feel free to comment on anything that has bothered you. Upon request, I'm willing to continue writing. Thank you in advance for your feedback.