He was taller than Greg expected, and rail thin.  So thin that his  knees stood out like the heads of axes under his neatly pressed pants.  "I appreciate your coming in today, Mr. S," said Greg, offering a hand.  Mr. S's spider-like fingers laced Greg's own meaty paws in a crushing handshake that had an intense, prickly warmth to it.  "Much obliged," Mr. S drawled.  "You come with impressive references, Greg.  Mr. Universe first-place contender and judge, and you've been the fitness trainer to more Hollywood Stars than is possible to count.  Every A-Lister I've talked to said, 'Call Greg Cabot!"

Greg smiled as Mr. S crossed one of his stilt-like legs and leaned back in his chair.  "Greg, if you don't mind me asking, what do you charge?" 

Greg chose his words carefully - "Depends on the client.  For you, I wouldn't charge much - you're the picture of health!"  

Mr. S let out a reedy laugh with a deep smoker's cough trailing behind it.  "And a gentleman, to boot! Lawd, I don't need the exercise, but my children sure do.  I'mma tell you, Greg, my kids can be a disagreeable bunch, but they're in dire need of guidance.  Do you have any experience with children?"

Greg sat back in his own chair, arms folded across his broad chest.  "I've worked with many child actors over the years.  I've also been a nutritional consultant for many production companies including PBS.  If you're looking for a school-type gig, I have separate yet negotiable pricing."

Mr. S stroked the thin goatee forming a perfect trident on his chin.  "No, Mr. Cabot, the group is quite small.  Only 7.  And since your website advertises that you're willing to make home appointments, you'll be generously compensated for any travel.  I've also taken the liberty of furnishing my home with some equipment to get you started.  How does 7 million per session sound?"

Greg's jaw hit the floor.  "7... million?" 

Mr. S leaned forward, tenting his fingers. "I understand that you're in high demand.  If my offer fails to impress, I'm willing to be flexible."

Greg recovered himself, and put on a face of stone. "7 million is an excellent starting price.  How many sessions were you planning on having?"

Mr. S sighed.  "I'm not sure, Greg.  My lovely, belligerent sons are so out of shape that I'm not sure they'll make it in time for football tryouts.  I was more of a musician myself; I asked them, "Why not take up violin, like your Daddy?"  But no, it's nothing but football every since they watched the Superbowl."

Greg rubbed his gigantic hands together, dreaming of the glory this would bring.  Finally, he'd get back at Hafthor Bjornson.  He may not be strongest, but he'd be richest!

Greg held out a hand for Mr. S to shake once more.  "I accept your offer.  When can I meet your boys?"

Mr. S grasped his hand once more. "Right now would be perfect!"

Greg's plush Hollywood office dissolved around him, engulfed in fire and brimstone.  Above him swirled a hurricane of human body parts and lightning. Seven hulking, horned monstrosities confronted him on a football gridiron made of a literal, giant gridiron sitting above a lake of crackling embers.  Each of Mr. S's horrible spawn sized up Greg like wild dogs eyeing a chunk of prime rib.  Acid drool sizzled out of their fanged maws while their uneven, numerous eyes blinked and rolled in their misshapen sockets.    

"Daddy's got a question for you, boys.  ***ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL?!?***"       

The brutes howled skyward.  

Mr. S clapped Greg on the back.  "They're all yours, my friend!"