There was a moment where Hannah almost didn’t go through with it. Something about the absolute cliche of the “knotted bedsheets out the window” nature of the escape made her balk, even if only briefly. But that would have meant that the last month of preparation would have been for nothing. Her backpack, empty after the close of the school year, now held her ID, birth certificate, some fresh clothes, as well as a few little things of such emotional value that she couldn’t stand to think of leaving them behind. Last, but maybe most important, the little framed picture of her mother and her stuffed kitten, Paws, were tucked securely into the big compartment. One last look around the room that had been her sanctuary in a house grown more and more hostile, and she was out the window and clambering carefully down the side of the house. 

She was small and light, but about halfway down she felt the cloth of the sheets start to slack. Her knot was coming undone. Panicked gripped her, and her eyes darted wildly for anything that could help her or break her fall. Instead, she saw something so unlikely that for an instant she thought she was somehow looking into a mirror. At the house two doors down, someone else was making a very similar escape attempt. She couldn’t make out a face in the darkness, but that was the Morris’s house. They only had two children, and Sam was only seven. He couldn’t possibly be the tall figure frozen midway through their descent. That meant it was their daughter, Emily. Hannah had another second to be shocked before her knots gave way and she plummeted to the grass.

It wasn’t a hard landing, but it still hurt. She lay stunned on the grass for a moment, partially covered in the heap of her bedsheets that had fallen down after her. Barely breathing, she listened for any sign that her fall had awoken her father indoors. No lights turned on, no doors or windows opened. For the moment, she was in the clear. 

As she was picking herself up, a shadow moved across the lawn. She tensed. Her spill must have attracted some attention after all. Then she remembered Emily. They had always lived in close proximity, and their fathers were in similar social circles, but somehow she and Emily had never developed much of a friendship. Hannah was vaguely aware that Emily had been given some award at graduation earlier that month. Or maybe it was in the yearbook, she couldn’t honestly remember. There had always been some uncomfortable barrier, a tension between them that Hannah wasn’t quite able to identify. At that moment, Emily was making her way over to her as quickly but quietly as she could. Hannah noticed that she had a duffle slung over her shoulder much like Hannah’s own backpack.

“Are you okay?” Emily whispered urgently. Hannah nodded, not daring to speak. Emily beckoned, a frantic come-with-me. Hannah paused for just long enough to stuff her fallen sheets into her bag. As little a trail she left, the longer it would take anyone to catch up to her. She might just have a chance. 

  

Instead of leading her down the road and out of the cul de sac the conventional way, Emily instead guided them out behind the houses and into the sparse woods that separated their neighborhood from the next one over. Hannah kicked herself for not having thought of that. It would have been so easy for someone to look out of their window and see her if she’d gone down the lighted street. 

“How did you know I was going to be out tonight?” She asked once they’d reached the trees.

“I didn’t.” Emily replied with a shrug. “I was just about to go when I saw you fall.”

“That’s random,” Hannah said, “both of us running away the same night. Tomorrow your wedding, too?” Emily gave her a look of such pure confusion that she immediately regretted the joke, and how much it had revealed about her situation.

“Okay, we’ll unpack that later.” Was all Emily said in reply. 

They didn’t stop in the next cul de sac, but kept going. Hannah thought they were heading for the center of town, but couldn’t be sure. The glow low in the sky could have been the lights of town, or the coming dawn. 

“Where were you gonna go?” Emily asked.

“The train station.” Hannah replied. “There’s a train to Chicago at 4:30. I figured that was the best way to get away from here quickly.” Emily nodded thoughtfully.

“I was thinking bus, but train works too. Did you buy your ticket already?”

“Yeah, I did.”

“Then train it is.”

The tension was back again, and they spent the rest of the walk to the station in uncomfortable silence. In fact, they spent much of the time at the station in that same silence, Emily only talking as much was necessary to buy a train ticket at the counter. And conversation didn’t improve when the train pulled into the station and they boarded. Hannah’s heart was racing, she was utterly convinced that any moment she’d see her father’s truck pull up to the station and see him charge out of it, red with anger. Only when the train finally started down the track and away from the platform did she finally relax. 

  

A little of the tension between them seemed to fade as they left their sleeping town behind as well. The car was nearly empty, and Emily was noticeably more calm. This meant, however, that she became very interested in finding out the particulars of Hannah’s predicament. 

“So, wedding?” She asked, an eyebrow cocked in what could have been skepticism or roguishness. Hannah blushed.

“That was just a dumb joke, I didn’t mean it.” She mumbled, but she knew it wasn’t convincing.

“It’s okay if you don’t want to tell me, I’m just curious.” Emily replied. “What is it, some kind of arrangement?”

“Yeah.” Hannah admitted. “My dad set it up a few years after my mom died. Some friend from his company has this son who’s gonna get some cushy job at their company and they decided to set us up.” It was difficult to keep the bitterness out of her voice. “I’ve never even met him, I was gonna see him for the first time today.”

“That sucks, I’m so sorry.” Emily said. She took Hannah’s hand and squeezed it before awkwardly putting it down again. “Who the Hell does that to their kid?”

“My dad, I guess, I don’t know. How about you, why’d you run away?”

Emily bit her lip. It looked like she was weighing very carefully what she was about to say next. “My parents were going to send me to camp.” She said at last. “One of those ‘Pray Away the Gay’ places. They were going to put me on a bus today, so I bolted.” 

Hannah blinked. She hadn’t even known Emily was gay, or that the Morris’s were the kind of people that would do something like that.

“Emily, I…” She couldn’t even find the words. “I guess we both got screwed over, huh?” 

It was weak, but it was the best she could do. Emily smiled, though. A dry, tired smile. “Well, then,” She said, “what’s next? You’re the mastermind so far.”

“I think we should stick together, at least for now.” Hannah reasoned. “We’re safer as two teenage girls traveling together than we’d be alone. Then, once we get to the city, we can figure it out from there.” Emily nodded.

“It’s a start at least.” She settled back into her seat with a heavy sigh. “It’s a few hours to Chicago, so I’m just going to rest for a little bit, if that’s okay. Didn’t get a whole lot of sleep last night.”

“Sure.” Hannah said. “I’ll keep an eye on things.” 

The train moved on as the sun broke over the horizon. Hannah watched as golden-orange light filled the window, outlining Emily’s dozing face in solar fire. Ahead of them stretched miles of track and an uncertain future. Everything had seemed so awful and terrifying as she’d prepared to make her escape a few hours before, and there was still a lot they’d need to work out in very short order. But she’d expected to be doing it all alone, and having someone with her, someone to help her, was already calming her fears a little. 

She reached over and pulled down the window shade so the rising sun wouldn’t wake Emily up. Her eyes lingered on her new companion’s face as she sat back. She thought about all the years they’d known each other, all that time where they had never quite managed to make friendship actually work. The invisible force that always seemed to make them awkward in each other’s company. A possibility had started to occur to her, one that she’d never even so much as considered before, but had insinuated itself in her mind with surprising quickness.

Was it attraction?