Every day starts the same.

John jumps when the microwave beeps for his instant ramen—which he consistently insists tastes *incredible*. (It's instant ramen. I've had it many times. He cannot find it to be that good, especially when he eats it every day *for fucking breakfast*.) Aaron covers his ears and clumsily rushes to get the kettle off of the stove, always managing to burn himself but still refusing to care, as it angrily whistles. Luca sits in the little communal lounge area with the lights off as he drinks what he continually assures me is tomato juice.

It's all funny to me, really. After pretty obviously exposing themselves, all on separate occasions, they continue to act as *human* as possible.

Of course, they are not.

Most obviously, because he sucks at acting mortal, Luca is a vampire. He takes all the night classes he can, he insists that he can't go outside in daylight due to a "sun allergy"—which I do acknowledge exists but that's not the point—and he has his "tomato juice" every day. It does not look at all like tomato juice. He's a dumb fuck, and that only makes it more hilarious to me.

Next is Aaron, the werewolf. He hates squirrels, loves the dorm complex's mailboy, and hates high pitched noises. The biggest nail in the coffin is that he gets "drunk" every full moon—AKA once a month—and goes missing. The next day, he's usually found naked on the football field. He's also very hairy, but that's just circumstantial.

Last, which took me considerably longer to piece together, John is an alien. When he initially moved in, I thought he was from a *very* "third-world country" background because he didn't even know how a computer worked until I showed him. Over time, I've heard/seen him talking about space, speaking with such knowledge and fondness that it's a red—or rather *green*—flag. He still has trouble using basic things. I caught him breaking the door last month because he forgot how it opened and tried to bust it open.

"Easy, John. It's not going to kill you," I mumble as I stumble sleepily into the kitchen. I throw open the cereal cupboard—because Aaron insisted we have an entire space dedicated to cereal—and begin to rifle through it to find something to eat.

"I know that," John hisses in reply as he struggles to get the microwave open. Aaron has to reach over and pull the door open for him. "It just distracts me."

"You must have a very odd definition of "distract," then."

I hear Aaron sniffing behind me, and I turn to look at him as he says, "You smell gross."

I give a momentary smirk.

"Thanks. I feel gross, too."

"Leave the cereal-eater alone, Aaron. He is in distress," Luca mutters from the other side of the relatively small shared dorm.

I look over at him.

"Distress?" I repeat.

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because of the girl you are seeing. You are not taking to her well, but you are too afraid to say anything. She is obviously not your type anyway. Her blood type is O."

I raise a brow at Luca and set down the box of cereal I've selected.

"And *how*, exactly, do you know her blood type?" I asked lightly. I'm getting tired of this.

He seems to falter momentarily, but then, quite defensively, he barks, "I asked her!"

I roll my eyes.

"You are a mystery, Luca."

"Good."

John practically falls over a chair when there's a knock at the door.

"It's David!" Aaron shouts before bounding away to greet the beloved mailboy—poor David.

I can't help a laugh.

The two exchange greetings, Aaron's much more cheerful and exuberant than the other's. The interaction lasts for all of two minutes before David leaves.

"How did you know it was him, Aaron?" I ask once the young man comes back to begin drinking his coffee, which he's now been trying to make for a good five minutes.

"I smelled him!"

John looks slightly alarmed, but I make no effort to point it out. Instead, I shrug.

"Must have a good nose, then."

"Of course! He smells like coffee and mint! He smells great!"

I look over at Aaron and can't help a small smile as I notice his contagious happiness.

"Good job, bud. You know your smells well."

*Never a boring day.*