It is not everyday you find a guy like Bruce Wayne in a Coffee shop. This was my chance. 

The crowd in the shop was crazy. The prince of Gotham was mingling amongst them. 

I walked up to him. 
“Mr. Wayne, I am a huge fan. My father used to be very sick when I was a child. You father paid for his treatment. He paid for my school.”
“It is great to see that you got the opportunity to rise from your misfortune.”
“I can never repay your family’s debt, But please, please allow me to buy you a coffee”
“Oh, great! This crowd is really enthusiastic, I could use some coffee”

The crowd was enthusiastic. He had them Enchanted. They laughed at his jokes, Listened silently when he told stories of his father. They loved his father. And it was obvious they loved him. He connected with these people who had come in for their morning coffee on their way to the daily grind, he didn’t know their lives, he has never taken the train to work.  Yet they loved him. 

But I can’t admire him. It is sad that this man needs to die. But that is not my problem. One last job, and then I am out of this life. My wife would hate me if I told her that I was his killer. 

“Two espressos, large”
This dude also has espressos. ‘Dean’, I’ll have them write the same name on my cup. 
“Your name, please”
“Dean”

This is the cleanest way. The cafe is crowded. I have cut the power to the CCTV module. The police will probably think he had taken the nilomycin on his cruise yesterday, and it mixed with the Caffeine. 

“Thank you Mr. Wayne. For giving me this opportunity.”
“Thank you, for the coffee”

He sips it. Asks me about my fathers illness. 
Something is off. He stopped after 3 sips. 
His assistant walks in. 
“Mr. Wayne. We need to leave for the Tower Meeting now.”
He has started sweating. 
“Thank you, Mr. ...”
“Waters”
“Mr. Waters, Thank you for the coffee. I am sorry, I must get going now.”

He spilled some coffee on the table. Gave the cup to his secretary. “I’ll drink this in the car” She obliged. She walked after him, with the coffee, Hurrying to open the car door. He hits his head on the car roof. His secretary is confused. He takes the coffee from her. Shuts off the door. The car leaves swiftly. 

My job is done. Even if he realises, what happened his doctors will treat him for the regular poisons. The continental keeps the nilomycin a secret, and heavily protects the secret. Nobody knows if they do have a cure or not. At least they don’t tell. 


I open up the champagne in the kitchen. My wife is in the bedroom. It is time for celebration. We are moving to Alaska this summer. No more hits. No more Continental. No more guns. Just me my wife and our dog. 

I can’t believe I have retired. The champagne smells great.

I am dizzy. My head feels like a hurricane. Things are floating as if thee is no gravity. It must be the champagne. 

It is dark. It smells of shit. The air is damp. I am tied to a chair. 
A loud and rough voice asks me from behind. 
“Where did you get the nilomycin?”