WELCOME TO CONNECTICUT the sign read.  
*Finally*, the truck driver thought. *I've been on the road for three days now.*  
He suddenly realized that today was the Egrup.  
He broke out in a nervous sweat. The dial read sixty-*six* miles per hour. He was supposed to be traveling sixty-five.  
He quickly eased up on the gas, slowing down drastically to about fifty-five miles per hour, safely below the speed limit.  
*That was a close one*, he thought. *Could have gotten myself killed there*. He took note that almost every car was also traveling quite slowly as well.  
*Whee, whoo, wee, whoo.*  
Police sirens! The truck driver started sweating again. *Not today, not today! Please God, it can't be me!*  
He slowed, and pulled over, hoping to dear God it wasn't him the policemen were after.  
A few seconds.  
Lights flashed in his mirror.  
A car sped by, the cruiser followed.  
The driver slumped in his seat. Not him, not today. They were going after another man. He tried to stop his hands from shaking. Wouldn't be a good idea driving in such a state. As he watched the speeding car finally pulled over, the cruiser pulled up behind. The back of the car had a sign that read in big, white letters on a red background "Egrup". A similar sign would be on the front, notifying drivers to obey the laws. A blonde, lanky policeman hopped out of the car, hand on his holter.  
He drew his gun.  
The truck driver closed his eyes.  
*BANG!*  
He took a deep breath, calming himself and opened his eyes. The blonde haired policeman had walked back to his cruiser and was now talking on a radio. The trucker took another breathe and eased his truck away. *Even closer call*, he thought. *If I hadn't realized the day those officers might have been after* me *instead.*  
Back on the road he took extra care to obey the speed limit. About half an hour down the road he noticed a police cruiser behind him. The *same* police cruiser, being driven by that same lanky, blonde headed policeman.  
The truck driver felt like the eyes of God were staring down upon him. He started sweating again.  
The lights lit up.  
The sirens started blaring again.  
*Whee, whoo, whee, whoo.*  
"Shit!" the man exclaimed. He started pulling over. "Please don't be me, please don't be me," he started mumbling, "please don't be-"  
The cruiser pulled in behind him.  
"No, no, no, nonONONONO! NO!!"  
He would be killed on the spot, he just knew it. Policemen had the right to on this day. He watched in his mirror mirror as the blonde headed policeman stepped out, hand on holster. He didn't rush over like last time. Good sign. Policeman stepped up to the window as the truck driver lowered his window, letting in the sounds of the highway.  
"Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to step out of the vehicle and open up the back," he said. Another good sign. If he had been speeding the truck driver would have certainly been dead by now.  
"Sure thing officer," the man said, laughing nervously. "What seems to be the problem?" he asked as he stepped down from the cab, slamming the door shut.  
"Just a random inspection is all," he said. A green mini van rushed by, rustling his dirty-blonde bains. "I'm going to need you to open up the back of your truck."  
"Alright," the driver responded. He to the length of the truck, passing the iconic stork mascot on the logo. He got to the back, the policeman following a short distance behind. The driver unlocked the door, rolling it and the Vlasic logo up, depicting the same, grinning face of a bespectacled storc. It reaveald dozens, if not a hundread or two carboard boxes.  
"Grab one of those down please and open it up, sir," the officer said. His voice throughout the entire interaction was bland, almost bored.  
"Yes officer," he said. He cut open a box, revealing a dozen jars of classic, Vlasic pickles. The officer picked on out at random and opened it. He took out a pickle and examined it.  
"I'll need to ask you what this is, sir."  
The driver staired at him, dumb-founded for a second. Remembering himself he stammered, "A- a pick- A pickles, officer. It's a pickle."  
The officer nodded. He took a bite out of it and winced. "It's mushy," he said.  
Then he looked down and dropped the pickle onto the pavement.  
It made a *plap* as it hit the asphalt.  
The officer stiffened, and whipped out his gun.  
He didn't give the driver a chance to defend himself. *BANG!*  
The driver dropped dead instantly.  
The officer yelled at the corpse, "Pickles have to bounce in Connecticut!"