Time 2346: Thirty years ago, we had an accident. We lost control of the ship and went too deep. Much deeper than any hull could take but, for some reason, we are alive. The crew of the Thresher are the hardest, baddest, most disgusting, and best bunch of fuck ups I've ever known. My brothers of the fin. We earned that title because we have been out here doing the nations business for quite a while now.

Time 0003: Its mid-rats. Same old same old for mid-rats on the galley line tonight. PB n' J, black coffee, and some Texas Pete for flavor if you're brave enough. I'm on-coming and should be sleeping for my next watch but we put out a fire in the radio room today so I think I've earned a movie on crews mess. Gonna watch that new flick "To kill a Mockingbird" again, I think. I know it by heart but, it's a good one.

Time 0315: how many times have I seen that movie? Three.. Ten.. More? We need to come shallow. Get back to the surface and put up the antenna. Maybe we got some new messages! I haven't read any in a while.

Time 0426: That's right. We tried before. We tried to come up and see the sun again but for some reason we cant rise. Skipper but the fucking boat damn near vertical once but no luck. Hah! He even got crazy once and we set a new depth record! He just grabbed the planes one day and dove!  The hull started to creak even! And then thump a lot. We turned back up when the steel was screaming too loud for the ships control party to communicate. 

Time 0629: I got an hour of sleep but I got to get to watch now. Good thing the coffee machine doesnt break.  I dreamed about the sunshine.

Time 1230: Watch is over. I did what I shouldn't have done and looked through the sonar quote book. STS1 Steinel sure said some funny shit. 40 years ago.

Time 1234: Why the fuck arent we home.

Fire in the galley.

Time 1532: the Cooks burned the bread.

Time 1534: Skipper said were finally headed back! 

Time 2241: Radio reports they still cant get a location fix, and the compass is broken.

I should try to sleep

0207: Skipper tried to dive again. The metal screamed so loud this time.

0215: John is crying again. He's a submariner, we keep these things in house.

0232: Emergency Main Ballast Tank blow testing. They still haven't managed to make those fucking things work.

0238: maybe I'll finally die when I sleep. 

Time 0529: I hope you find these letters, Jenny. ~~Goodbye~~

0630: time for watch. 

