  Crows cawed, vulture upon the flesh of thee who lay in the dirt. Dothos was not even wary of their encircling prey, dark hazes spinning above in a grey furious sky. His eyes opened from a dark dream, a dream of a battle that had worn his body down in a hell fury of blood and steel. All that gone, for the birds that awaiting their meal.

  That's when he realised the dream had been lucid, had come before the weightless black took him momentarily to the skies with the birds. More than lucid as his ears began fading from a ringing he hadn't noticed, mud lay too thick in his ears. The sound of anger, clanging of metals and the agony of battle. The sound of hellacious blood thumping drums that turned men to beasts, a carnal symphony of hatred and death.

  The battle was neariing its end, fighting had been cut and clamped to the knub leaving just a flurry of exchanging daggers and fists. Far along the field,  Alcibiades who had charged the first fleet, was kneeling in the mud and horse shit slamming his helmet into the face of his opposer, with each retrieve blood misted over his face and armour. Futher a field limbs soared and teeth knashed.

  Dothos clamboured to his feet, scrambling with all his might to rise up from the dirt. His hands pressing into the shoulders and guts of slaughtered men to heave himself to his large well built stance to return to the battle's end with some dignity. Although dignity would not be so easy coming as he could not find his sword or dagger on him.

  That's when something came from the heavens that almost knocked him off his feet. He did not know what it was until some shouted in throat tearing joy... "The GODS! THEY HONOUR US! THEY HONOUR OUR VICTORY!"

  And suddenly like a wave that rippled through the fabric of everything, a sharp pulsating boom and a shard of light stabbed through the grey ill clouds and crushed into the ground. A beam of light that could only be a divine gift before Nestor, who had blood caking his whole face in deep crimson so the whites of his smile was the only feature visible. The Gods were baring their gifts... When the light faded a golden bow stuck in the ground. 

  "Artemis! Artemis I swear fielty to you and use your gift to exact your demands!" Nestor took the bow from the mud, draw it back and in it faded an arrow made of light. He released it into a charging enemy bursting him into a matter of ash.

  This was one gift of god, light and rays boomed and cracked throughout the sky. Trinkets and weapons would be left to those the god favours most, the one they choose to be guardian. Dothos waiting for the lighting bolt, to tear through the sky, a tribute from Zeus, maybe then he could prove himself. But none came...

  Surrounding him were bodies, blood rich on his hands. 10, 20 men, all slain by his hand and the exhausted sleep had not stolen his memory of that. Isn't this what the Gods wanted? Devotion in its weight of dismembered limbs and gallons of blood? He had slain more men than any soldier on the field still standing and still Zeus overlooks him? Not even Apollo could grant his shield and spear?

  That's when the sky twisted and contorted. The grey murk circled and grew darker, sicker, thicker. It mixed as though a poison in the sky was being concocted and soon bled in a shadowy trail like a drop of ink in water. It trickled its poison all the way down to Dothos and materialised. But unlike the rays they did not leave too soon, instead it grew eyes that stared into his soul.

  "*Yyyy-ou aarre worrtthhyyy ooff myyyy trribuuute*." The eyes whispered and faded.

  As it was gone a sceptre was left stuck in the soil like a gravestone. The sceptre of the underworld. The tribute of Hades... 

  When the dust settled the fighting was over, they all looked towards Dothos standing before his tribute unsure of what to make of it. They all looked at him with a deep childlike gloss, an almost fear. Where everyone else were given shining trinkets and weapons, Dothos was given the sceptre of black.

  "Hades watches over you Dothos."  Alcibiades said, in his hand a trident of blueish silver. "You will be our death now."

  Dothos took the sceptre in one hand and felt it's heavy dull hum of power. Being chosen by Hades did not happen often and when he did fire followed. Dothos swept the sceptre through the air playing with it's weight and stabbed the ground. Behind him the circle of bodies he once stood it cracked together and they began to move.

  Dothos felt the power now. The power of fear as he rose those he slain before a small army of faces that winced in horror. He would do Hades proud.

  *CHAOS*.... *APPPEEEEASSSSSSSSEE*