"Oh look, it's those nice men from the newspaper again!"

Jim opened the door to be greeted by a tall man in a suit.

"Mr Steeler, the situation in the middle east has only worsened since you suggested they 'settle it with a nice cup of tea'."

"Suggested? I only gave an answer to your opinion poll- er, what newspaper is this for again?"

"Mr Steeler, May I remind you *once more* that you are in fact in charge of the ENTIRE WORLD."

"Ah yes, you keep telling yourself that. Anyway, what's the question this week?"

The man sighed. "Your act did not improve the situation one bit. It resulted in the death of 29 people, 3 of which were diplomats."

"Oh, well that's not very nice then isn't it?"

"Mr Steeler, I request you take this seriously. The fate of the world does rest in your hands."

"It's a survey, not anything important! Get on with the question and next time, don't play this up to be any more elaborate than it is!"

The man looked down for a few seconds, then pulled a slip of paper out from his pocket and proceeded to read it. "The situation in the Middle East has become even more unstable than before following the events of this week's infamous 'Tea Party', which many world leaders have mocked as 'completely inappropriate' and 'irresponsible'. How can we make up for this disastrous event?"

Jim seemed taken aback. "Now, let me tell you this."

Jim walked up to the man and looked him in the eye.

"IT'S JUST A NEWSPAPER POLL"

"MR STEELER IF YOU PLEASE! The fate of 7 BILLION LIVES RESTS IN YOUR HANDS SO IF YOU COULD TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY THAT WOULD BE VERY MUCH APPRECIATED!"

"Fine! If I control so much of the world, get rid of Qatar! Nobody cares about Qatar or your stupid poll!"

"But Sir, Qatar is home to over 2 million people! And what does that have to do with the Middle East at all?!"

"What do I care about your opinion poll? GOOD DAY TO YOU!"

Jim went back into his house and slammed the door.

The man suddenly received a message in his earpiece.

"You heard Mr Steeler. Guess they'll have to start making maps without Qatar."

"But Sir, we can't just do that because he said"

"Tough luck. He controls the entire world. If he doesn't want Qatar to be in it, Qatar will not be in it."

A week after the entire world launches all of their nuclear warheads at Qatar, Jim opened the door to the man again.

"Oh, what's the poll this week?"

The man pulled a slip of paper out of his pocket.

"After the global attack on Qatar, world leaders unanimously voted that it was a 'mistake'. It has only strengthened tensions between countries and has sparked a civil war in many places with either side arguing whether Jim Steeler should or shouldn't be allowed to decide the fate of the entire world. What is his opinion on this global crisis?"

Jim stamped his foot. "You know what, I've had it with you! Every single week, you come down in your tacky suit, asking about current events, it really grinds my gears. If you want advice then, kill me. Kill me so I can't say anything more, and I'll have you done for murder I will!"

"Very well sir."

We never did choose one person to decide the fate of the entire world again.


