No. It couldn't be... I was just imagining things. I turn to go back to the food on the stove. "Spiders don't know what puppets are anyway" I think. Yet I can't shake the feeling of things be out of place. I know I saw the thin threads. Maybe he just caught remnants of webs on his clothes? Maybe I was being paranoid? 

I felt heat on my back and my husband wrap his arms around my waist. 

"Don't worry babe, the spiders are gone" he reassured. 

"I know," I sighed "I just feel creepy knowing there were so many in that nest" 

"It's-- okay" he said. But his vice suddenly sounds garbled. Like he had ice chips in his mouth. 

"What are you eating-?" I turn around and am met with a nightmare. Millions of tiny black arachnids are pouring from his eye sockets, and escaping from his mouth. Like his body was just full of them and they finally had a chance to escape. 

I scream and push his now frail body away as hard as I can. My feet carry me away from the kitchen and into our room. I close and lock the door. Where are my keys? I have to drive away. Where is my phone? I have to call some one. Anyone. 

The night stand. I dash over to retrieve my phone from its charger. But where are my keys? I open the drawer on the stand to search through its contents. Everything but what I need, tissue, condoms, a book. DAMN WHERE ARE MY KEYS? I stand up to search the other night stand. However I see my husband in the corner. 

Eyes black, as the spiders continue to pour. He shuffles toward me and I can't move. He gets closer and closer. I'm trapped. My heart won't let me move. I could just climb over the bed but I can't. I'm paralyzed by fear. His arms reach out, hands open to grab me. I still can't move. His wedding band reflecting the small amount of light in our master bedroom. 

He shuffles closer. I fall on the bed still frozen by fear. Unable to react. He comes closer and closer until he's practically on top of me. Spiders still falling. My husband grips my throat and too late my body reacts. His fingers are vices on my airway. And as he squeezes, spiders crawl down his arms on to my face.  Now they're all over me. Trying to get into my eyes and mouth. I think I'm screaming. I think I'm resisting. 

My vision is going black and I don't know if it's the spiders or lack of oxygen. A low droning is in my ears as black covers more of my vison. It gets louder as my sight gets darker. Until finally, it stops. I can't see anything or hear anything. 

Suddenly I gasp. I'm sitting up in bed. Alive with no eight legged demon in sight. My husband walks in the room with the nozzle to the power washer in his hand. 

"I'm going to take care of that spiders nest today. Why don't you start breakfast?"




Fin 
