There was something there. I couldn't see it, my old eyes might have started to fail me. Nevertheless, instinct trained through thousands of sword fights told me that there was an incoming attack. Trusting my instinct and my trainings, I moved to parry the attack with all my being.

My trusted blade that has always on my side clashed with something, as I move it to parry the attack. I can feel the weight and shape of an unusual weapon, and for a second, I think I saw it.

Death. Dark robe, bony fingers holding a scythe. Certainly an unusual weapon of choice. 

I felt another attack incoming, and again parried it. Again. And again. Until it finally spoke to me.

"Give it up... your time is here..."

Its voice felt dark and ancient. It stirred my heart with fear, and froze my limbs for a moment. It was during this moment, words from an old master echoed inside of me, telling me that a man is brave not because he has no fear, but because he faces his fears with all his might. Aided by these words, I moved my limbs and parried the next attack. And a few more that come after. 

"Impossible..." 

Again, it spoke. With the cold and ancient voice, and disturbing non-existent breath. 

Again, I felt how its word tried to grasp me with fear, and again, I concentrated all my being to fight that fear and focus on the battle. 

A moment passed as we exchange blows. Then, it stopped. I felt nothing, just silence. A moment of silence, one that felt like forever. Then, a blow from the side. I moved instinctively, avoided the deathly movement with a side-step and parried the blow to the head that come after. Then a move to the side, and hit its hand with the blunt side of the sword.

Death dropped its scythe. I couldn't see it clearly, but I could sense that it surprised.

"Impossible..."

Again, it spoke. But this time the ancient voice felt different. 

"Human... Do you wish for immortality...?"

Wary, I kept my stance and kept my silence. 

"Answer me..."

This time, I could feel frustration from it's voice.

I have no answer to that, and again, kept my silence. A growl of frustration comes from it, before it disappears... leaving its scythe in my room.