*plunk*

The bus was full of sounds. The whir of the engine on standby. A conversation being held in the back seats. Traffic going beside us all. More curiously though was the one that just came from my bag. Seems it's figured out what I need for today. 

Long ago, my family gave me my first backpack. I hated it. This old, worn mess of leather barely holding itself together made me stick out virtually anywhere I go. I wanted a normal backpack like normal kids. Of course I got picked on for it, day fucking one. A couple twerps cornered me during recess, and I was about to wet myself, when *plunk*. Immediately after, a warmth came from the bag. I reached back and my fingers met a pencil. Freshly sharpened. I managed to stave the bullies off, and ever since that day, like clockwork, my old bag has been looking out for me. It always gives me something I could use, something helpful. 

Sitting on the bouncing seat of the bus, I dug into the old thing curiously. I reached in casually, but jerked back. My fingers had met cold steel. *"Are you kidding me? Another fucking gun?"*. 

The bag was always gave me something I could use. It really could have been awesome if my bag wasn't some kind of chaotic neutral. I had no clue what it thought I needed this thing for. My fingers dug back in carefully, exploring it's handle. Seems loaded, how nice. 

The bus came to another stop. My bags strap grew hot in my hand. It was time to use the item. I began to sweat a bit, worriedly. Onto the bus, someone entered. An elderly man, in a wheelchair. I tried to peer around him, watching all the windows for any thugs that may come by. The elderly man paid his fair, and came over towards me. My bag grew even hotter. Is it him? What is he capable of? Will I actually have to kill this man? 

"Excuse me, ma'am? Could you move? I need to buckle on here, and this is the wheelchair seat."

"Oh, sorry, go ahead!" 

The bag has my best interests at heart, really. It just doesn't understand that problems are usually best solved *without* violence.