The explorer *Diplomacy* was an engineering marvel, capable of navigativing Jupiter's gaseous surface, withstanding its harsh enviriomental pressure, and even escaping its immense gravitational pull. Still, despite all of its amazing technology, for the two navigators inside of it, it was a rather tight fit. Built for efficiency, not comfort, to the annoyance of Commander Wilfery, the man piloting it. Since the Juno satellite discovered a previously thought imposssible mineral inside the planet, it was up to this two man crew to recover some samples and explore as much of the planet as possible.

The viewing screen in front of them only showed clouds. Swirls of brown, yellow, and red that parted into a seemingly infinite abyss of gas. It had been a few hours since they were officially "inside" Jupiter, but the pair wouldn't have noticed when they did. Jupiter was so massive, that even as they approached it had already dominated all of their vision. Although their oxygen reserve was plentiful, Wilfery couldn't help but feel like it wasn't enough. The planet was too big. Exploring it thoroughly could prove dangerous, even with the five air tanks they had.

Letting out a bored sigh, Commander Wilfery turned to Lieutenant Greenfield and said to her:

"You ever think that this screen is a bit... unnecessary?"

Lieutenant Greenfield raised her eyebrow and said:

"How so?"

"Well, this is just a glorified submarine, right? Have you ever seen a submarine with a front window? All we need are the sonar and scanners. It's all gas, down to the bottom, it's not like were going to *see* anything."

"I mean, I wouldn't describe Diplomacy so dismissively..." Greenfield trailed off and nodded to herself. "...but yeah, you're right. It does seem a bit overkill. Specially the mining laser. I get they found some minerals here, but I doubt we'll have to drill through anything."

"It's like we can't get over how we build cars... minus the laser. Sure, this is just a camera feed, but can you really say this doesn't look like a windshield?"

Before Greenfield could reply, a sharp beeping noise tore through their relaxed mood. It was an alarm for detecting foreign objects. Greenfield quickly pulled up a keyboard and typed into it, bringing up some readings on half of the viewing screen. Her eyes then widened with shock, but not as widely as Wilfery's. Pointing at the other half of the screen, a dark object rose from the misty horizon. It seemed like the cameras were useful after all. Greenfield then removed the reading from the screen to observe the object completely.

It looked like a lumpy cone from a distance, but the closer they got, the more they could comprehend just how big it was. Upon further inspection, it had a coarse surface, its peak looking like a jagged spire. There was no doubt about it, it was a floating mountain. A gigantic lump of rock floating on the gasses of Jupiter. Wilfery swallowed, nodded, and said:

"I feel like an idiot right now..."

"That makes two of us..."

Wilfery shook his head sideways, gripped the steering wheel, and said:

"Let's have a closer look."

Diplomacy veered downwards and circled around the mountain. All the while, Greenfield typed away to scan its chemical composition. Sure enough, it was a match for what they were looking for. Wilfery couldn't but remain in awe of what he saw. It should be impossible. Trace amounts of a solid? Sure, that made sense. Maybe a small lump? Difficult, but not hard to imagine. An entire mountain? Absurd. It would have to be more dense than the surface gas, but less dense than the rest of it. It's all helium and methane! Not any mysterious sort of magical compound. Why the hell wasn't this mountain at the bottom of the planet?

Wlfery's train of thought was then interrupted by something even more inexplicable. On the border of the mountain, a humanoid figure emerged. Wilfery then said:

"Lieutenant... does that look like what I think it is?"

Greenfield raised her head from the scans and said:

"It... it looks like a person... just standing there..."

A dozen then joined the figure, standing next to it in a line.

"It looks like a *bunch* of people... just standing there..." 

Hundreds of figures then filled up the surface of the mountain, getting on all four of the limbs while curving their backs downwards. Raising their heads and exposing their throats, they emitted a loud, howling sound that caused Diplomacy to shake violently. The monsters then lunged at the ship, seemingly flying through the gas. Wilfery instantly turned the ship around navigated upwards, sweating under his gloves gripping the controls. 

"What are they?!?" said Greenfield.

"I don't know and I don't care. Whatever they are, they don't look friendly!"

Five of the aliens landed on the tail of Diplomacy, causing the explorer to spin around. Wilfery still managed to keep the ship on its general trajectory. They needed to leave this planet. Now. He had lost count of how many hours it took them to reach this point. Getting to the spaceship might be impossible without dealing with these... *things*.

Three different alarms blared at the same time, instilling even more panic into the astronauts. Greenfield managed to pull up a small video feed to see what attacked them. Her jaw dropped when she saw it. Hairy with eyes that showed bloodlust, the monster didn't look entire different from a werewolf. Considering the situation, Greenfield wasn't about to share this with Wilfery. He could barely believe the floating mountain. If she told him werewolves were attacking them, he'd probably just shut down from the absurdity.  

"Well?!?" said Wifery. "What do they look like?!?"

"I... I can't tell from this angle. Just focus on piloting!"

A dozen more werewolves landed on Diplomacy. Speed was lowering, life support showed signs of damage, and they were no where near the surface. Wilfery released the steering controls and sunk his head. They were dead. The only people that could save them were on a different planet, and they wouldn't even know what happened to them. They'd just assume the mission went wrong. 

"C-commander? What are you doing?!? We're going to die if you stop now!"

"Don't you get it? We're doomed. Unless they suddenly decide to leave us alone, our ship will be torn to pieces and... explode."

Wilfery trailed off and furrowed his brow in determination. There *was* something he could do. It was risky, but it's not like he had any more options. Gripping the controls tightly, he looked at Greenfield and said:

"I'm going to turn the ship around and face them. I have an idea... Well, more like a crazy hope, but it's all we have. I wonder if it will be enough heat for ignition..."

"Ignition? What are you talking about?"

"When I tell you to, release the oxygen tanks of our reserve. This is all methane and helium, but it wont ignite. With the oxygen though... The drilling laser might cause a reaction. I'm not sure, but I'll give it a try."

Greenfield nodded and waited for his signal. Wilfery jerked Diplomacy around, shaking off some of the werewolves on top of it. He then gestured at Greenfield, releasing the canisters, and shot at the tanks with the laser. Thought it only took one second, to the astronauts, it felt like an eternity before it exploded, creating a giant ball of fire that consumed the pursuing monsters and engulfed the entirety of Diplomacy. 

After a few seconds of silence, Wilfery looked at Greenfield and laughed. They did it. There weren't any monsters around. Greenfield, however, had a solemm expression on her face. She then breathed deeply and said:

"Good job, but... do we have enough oxygen to make it back?"

Wilfery closed his eyes, rested his head back, and said:

"I don't think so."

-------------------------------

>If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!