The wallet was still twitching, its faint whine gradually fading away. Leah gaped at it as the man grinned at her, twirling his gun nonchalantly. 

"You're safe now," he began to say, then winced as the weapons slipped from his fingers and clattered to the ground. 

"Blasted things..." he muttered, blushing as he picked it up. "Erm, sorry for scaring you, ma'am. I'm...uh, from the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, no need to be frightened."

She was still trying to think of a reply to this extraordinary statement when another man slipped into the alley, giving the one carrying the gun a withering look.

"No need to make up some stupid story, she's a muggle, moron. Hell, why don't you go ahead and tell her everything? We'll obliviate her, anyway. Is this the wallet?"

"Yep, just saw her buy it from that dodgy second-hand shop. No idea how it ended up there, but it's the very same one that half-giant gave him years ago. Can you believe it? It's traveled a long way," his friend said, picking up the wallet reverently.  The other man stared at the hole in the wallet in outrage.

"You *shot* it? Graham, for the millionth time, our clients pay for the goods *untarnished*. They want the items he touched exactly as they were!"

"It was still his, they'll pay, Mark!" Graham said sulkily. "Pay for anything, they will. Bunch of nutters, thinking he's some god just 'cause he killed You-Know-Who. Paid a sack of galleons for that old broomstick they thought was his old Cleansweep Seven, didn't they, even though it was just a regular old Muggle broom, never even bothered to test it - "

Leah began edging out of the alleyway as they continued to argue.

"Yes, but this is the real deal, nitwit," Mark said. "It made a sound when you shot it! It'll demand a high price, mark my words. The muggle's getting away, by the way."

Graham turned to her before she could escape the alley completely, pulling something from his pocket and pointing it at her.

"Obliviate!"

They stared guiltily down at Leah afterwards. She was giggling softly where she lay slumped against the wall.

"Didn't mean to do that, exactly," Graham said. "Wand's never been right since they snapped it."

Mark brightened suddenly. "Hey, that reminds me. What do you say we expand? Start looking for objects that belonged to the other two, as well? I know for a fact that Weasley had a dysfunctional wand at some point. Wonder where it'll be now..."

"Haven't got a clue, but yeah - let's do it," Graham said. "It'll be good practice for when we go after the *other* wand. Think of the price we could demand..."

 Mark sighed at the greed in his voice. "Price? You're so short-sighted, sometimes. Did you lose your ambition when they expelled you, too? No, when we find wherever he hid it, that's the one thing we'll keep for ourselves. No matter how much some crazed fan offers for it...that wand is mi - uhm, ours. C'mon, we've got to get going, just leave her here. That shot you took is bound to attract people."

Their footsteps faded, their conversation growing softer as they hurried from the alley, sparing Leah one last, guilty look before they joined the crowd on the streets. 

She was still laughing uncontrollably, trying to remember the details of her funny dream. 