-- Some NSFW language (swearing) -- 

PART 1:

“Check out this book.”, Adam says to the group.

Adam swings a raggedy leather-bound book around, it’s page edges coated in gold. “What the fuck is that?”, John asks Adam.

“Dude, we can summon a demon with this.”, Adam says excitedly, his eyes practically bulging out of his face. 

Tony, looking up from a January 1984 Playboy issue, says, “Let’s do it.”

Adam says, “Okay, I’m thinking we bring this demon in here, and we let him be the Dungeon Master!”

Allen leaps from the couch, sending a bowl of Cheetos flying across the room, and awkwardly runs over to Adam. “No!”, Allen says while grabbing Adam’s wrist.

“I’m supposed to be DM today, it’s my fucking turn and you’re not going to take this away from me, again.”, Allen exclaims with a raised and high-pitched voice.

The four middle-aged men, friends since high school, gather every Saturday in Adam’s basement to play Dungeons and Dragons. 

Adam’s wife, Brooke, likes to call it a magical gathering, because she usually invites a handful of Tinder hookups to their home, and Adam is too distracted to notice. Today, Brooke’s goal is to sleep with three new men from the hookup app.

While she’s upstairs, swiping right on every on every profile that includes a shirtless picture, the four men are in the basement wrangling with the decision of whether to let Allen DM today’s D&D game, or summon a demon to do it.

“YOU’RE ALL FUCKING CUNTS!” Allen screams while crossing his arms. 

Adam, Tony, and John just voted to summon the demon, while Allen cast the only no vote.

Ignoring Allen’s childish reaction, Adam opens the mysterious book to page 666, and begins to read a passage aloud. 

“Veni huc. Veni huc. Se diaboli. Tu es parum pudici. Veni huc.”, Adam reads.

Poof.

A bro tank-wearing demon appears on the couch. “Sup, pussies.”, the demon growls.

The four men look at each other in horror. “What did we did we just do.?”, Tony asks. 

“You called for me, Fraternitas, the sickest and flyest demon in Hell.”, the demon responds.

“Well, hi Fraternitas. I’m Adam, this is Tony, Allen, and John.”, Adam says, while pointing to each of his friends.

Fraternitas sharpy quips, “I don’t give a fuck, just get me a beer, losers.”

“I hope you’re happy, this guy’s at total tool.” Allen whispers to Adam.

“Oh fuck yes!”, Fraternitas exclaims, while picking up and flipping through the Playboy Tony had left on the coffee table.

Adam slowly approaches the demon and says, “Look, Fraternitas, we called for you because we want you to be the Dungeon Master for our Dungeons and Dragons game.”

Fraternitas slowly turns his head away from the magazine, makes eye contact with Adam, and stares blankly for a few moments. “What the fuck?”, Fraternitas asks. 

“Broseph, I’m not doing that.” he says, while pulling a bong out of his leather backpack. 

After taking a few hits from his bong, Fraternitas stares off, and strokes his nonexistent beard. He says, “Actually, you know what? I will do it, and you’re all going to be my bitches.”

This is obviously not what the four men were hoping for, but now feel they have no choice beside listen to the physically imposing creature. 

“Where are the dice?”, Fraternitas asks.

Tony hands the hellish bro the dice, and Fraternitas immediately throws them at the wall. “Oh look, I rolled a ‘fuck you’, so that means everyone has to chug.”, Fraternitas says.

“We - we don’t have alcohol here.” Adam stammers.

Rage quickly fills Fraternitas’ body, and he grabs Adam by the neck, and tosses him across the room like a ragdoll. 

“Dungeon Master says get me some beer, NOW!”, Fraternitas thunderously rumbles.

Paralyzed by fear, the friends don’t respond. Then Fraternitas notices a growing wet spot on on Allen’s pants.

“Are - are you pissing yourself?”, Fraternitas asks Allen.

“No.” Allen responds, “I pissed myself, I’m done going now.”

Fraternitas sends Allen upstairs to change into a pair of Adam’s clean pants. 

“Guys, for Satan’s sake, I can’t have you pissing all over yourself in here. If we’re going to have fun, I need you to stay dry.”, Fraternitas lectures. 

“Fuck you, man!, Tony yells, “You threw Adam across the room, and he’s just laying there, not moving.”

“Reeeeeelaaaaaax.”, Fraternitas responds. “He’s going to be fine, I hardly touched him.”

Suddenly, Allen comes running down the stairs. “Oh my God, oh my God.”, Allen says, while trying to catch his breath. 

“What’s the matter, Pissy Pants?”, Fraternitas asks.

“There’s a guy up there.”, Allen says while pointing upward.

Again, filling with rage, Fraternitas moves toward Allen and asks, “Is this some type of fucking God joke, you little prick?”

Just before being picked up by his neck, Allen says, “No no no. There’s a guy in bed with Brooke.”

Shock overwhelms Tony and John as they look over at Adam, who is still unconscious in the corner.

“Who the fuck is Brooke?”, Fraternitas asks. 

Tony disappointingly says, “That’s Adam’s horrible wife.”

“Fucking whores.”, Fraternitas responds. 

“Why is she doing this when her husband is in the house?”, Allen asks.

“Fucking whores, brotato chip.”, Fraternitas answers.

“So, what do we do?” John asks.

“Go watch.”, Fraternitas says. 

“No, what the fuck is wrong with you?”, John says, “That’s his wife, and she’s up there cheating on our best friend.”

Fraternitas callously responds, “Dude, she’s probably down to let us in on it.”

Allen begins sobbing uncontrollably, then says, “None of this would be happening if we didn’t summon this shitty demon.”

“Well that whore would still be taking pipe, that’s not my fault. Dick.”, Fraternitas says.

Adam begins to regain consciousness in the corner of the room. “Hey sleepyhead, you up?”, Fraternitas asks.

“My head, oh my head.” a concussed Adam groggily says, while slowly sitting up. 

“Shut up about your head. You’re wife’s a whore, you should be worried about that.”, Fraternitas says.

“What?!”, Adam says, “You throw me against the wall, then call my wife a whore? Fuck you, go back to Hell.”

“Nah son, she really is a whore. Some punk is giving it to her upstairs.” Fraternitas explains, “Allen saw it and tried to jump in. Of course, he got rejected.” 

“Fuck you, I would never try to jump in.”, Allen says.

Fraternitas asks, “Why, cuz she’s ug as fuck?” 

“Guys, what’s going on?”, Adam asks.

“Allen went upstairs to get a clean pair of pants,” Tony explains, “and he saw a man in your bed with Brooke.”

Stunned, Adam slowly stands up. “I can’t even process that right now. Let’s just play D&D. Fraternitas, can you just do this for me?”, Adam asks.

“Ya, or we can go kill them.”, Fraternitas says. His response is met with blank stares from the four friends. “Fine, fine, fine. I’ll quit being a douchebag, for now. Let’s play.”

Hours go by, with Fraternitas leading the best D&D game the friends have ever played. Fraternitas finds himself getting lost in the fun and fantasy of the game. Before he leaves, he hugs all the guys, while shedding a few tears because he knows he’ll never see his new friends again.

“Fraternitas, this was probably the best, worst day of my life. Thank you.”, Adam says.
