My friend and I had unusual hobbies for immortals. I tend to inspire and bring up prodigies through advising and teaching them. All of the great names in history have had my influence in them. Gengis Caesar Alexander Washington to name a few. He liked to collect the last items in existence. The one and only as he would say. The jokes started harmlessly enough until he started advising my prodigies leading to their downfalls. Wherever a civilization arose I was behind the leaders. Whenever it fell you can guarantee that my friend had some influence there. I refrained for the longest time from partaking in his "jokes" but I would eventually succumb. I started giving him unwanted last of items such as I once purchased the last operational Nazi concentration camp towards the end of the war. He had a time dealing with war crime charges. Death never actually worked on us but pain still hurt and diseases were very uncomfortable. Eventually I stopped partaking in his jokes so that they would end. After the last dark ages our own dark ages set about where our influence grew rather sinister. Whether it be from our loss of sanity humanity or just our growing boredom. Needless his bloodlust grew in the jokes he would play, Eventually starting two world wars. Mine joke was rather more unpleasant. Soon after we first started our jokes I began looking into the science of diseases. I became proficient shortly after the atomic era with altering enhancing and breaking down diseases. The final joke was played shortly after I perfected this art form. I took the last viruses that had been wiped out from the world and found a way to bond them genetically to a specific beings DNA. After the cleansing around y5k of all diseases worldwide it became harder to work on it but eventually I was prepared. I put these diseases into my friend and he was the sole owner of the last, the one and only, concoction of diseases that had previously been eradicated from this world. He was paralyzed for a good 2000 years suffering while my civilizations and prodigies created a utopia. I finally devised a cure for him in that time and I'm not certain if curing was right or not. Humans were destined to eradicate themselves but I never expected it to be that soon. He took the pupil I was mentoring at the ripe age of adulthood and instilled so much hatred and anger that it made up for the rest of the worlds lack of it. In the end he played the final joke on everyone. My star pupil went into the field of energy and created a system to provide endless energy to all of the world through the earths magnetic field. Turning it to electromagnetic waves and riding the earths magnetic current to a receiver for wireless transportation of energy. Sadly my pupil overloaded the earths magnetic field so much it collapsed in retaliation towards me due to the learned hatred from my friend. We soon learned that gravity was directly related to earths magnetic field. When it collapsed so did earths gravity simultaneously frying all of life on earth and making earth itself become pulled apart into many fragments and spread to other heavenly bodies. That was when I started looking into time travel to stop us from ever interfering. Ironically it was my meddling in time that caused us to become immortals in the first place but that's a story for another time. How little we truly knew back then. Just remember things will be fine. You'll lose and regain your sanity. You'll hate and love people. Regardless things will continue to move on. The only thing that won't will be you. Just keep that in mind. I'm sorry for what I have done but would also do it the same way if I had the chance otherwise I wouldn't be writing this letter to you. If I didn't do it the same way I wouldnt be the same person I am today. Life goes on.
Sincerly,
You. 
Year: 1267397 A.D. (in your calender.)
P.S. Try to remember to write these every so often to yourself.