Earth. A simple name for a simple place. The planet of water-based life caught our eyes millennia ago, during the Jurassic period. That sentience developed then was a miracle in itself, as reasoning reptilian life is so rare in the cosmos. It was for this reason we preserved the planet after rescuing its most choice species. The fact that it's reptilian inhabitants invented artificial intelligence before their discovery of electricity was what prompted the immediate approach and evacuations of earth. 

We were all excited. I myself have spent centuries staring at the thousands of data feeds of Earth without breaks. The emergence of humanity has been one of the greatest pleasures of recent life. Unless you count my single-handed invasion and colonization of a volcanic Rigel exoplanet and subsequently imbuing the molten rock itself with a fluid intelligence operating within the magma. 

Most would have given up, or chosen a much better planet, or allowed it to solidify during their efforts. Not I. 
But Earth. Oh, Earth. Your beautiful reptilian miss you so, though they do not remember you, the all yearn for their genetic birthplace.

This obsession of mine and the pure volume of time spent into watching and protecting this incubating miracle of a planet is how I have gained the coveted role of its benefactor.

Though it's inhabitants would describe me as far from a benefactor. Countless times I have stared dumbfounded at the datafeeds of thousands, then millions, now billions of vitals and neural networks of its more intelligent beings. It is almost as if they know that I watch them and care for their planet. No matter the severity of the disaster which befalls them, whether it be of divine(as they understand) origin or of natural origin, they solve it by turning inward.

Mankind, as they do so lovingly refer to their own species, fight, kill & war amongst themselves in response to things which would bring the majority of sentient cultures together. Earthquakes, which destroy societies and reave entire civilizations leave them even more bloodthirsty than they were before. 

More than once, I have pushed them to the brink of extinction. Each time, I have ensured that this fact is well within their realm of comprehension and that the leaders and their advisors have a clear understanding of "the end is near".

Unlike many species I have observed, they recognize the cataclysmic events, which periodically befall their civilizations, as tests. Despite having this information(through their own impressively developed logic), they continue to war, continue to build & live near coastlines & fault lines. Still they spread disease as if it were a thing to be desired. They produce medicines and powerful, creative solutions to their largest problems, only to invest their time in creating more complexity & confusion on their planet.

I have spoke to several of my colleagues about this and more times than I can count, a friend has scoffed at my exasperation and suggested a DNA extraction and an extinction event.

How could I do that? I know they laugh because they believe the reptilians of Earth's antiquity were a fluke. That they had nothing to do with this little planet Earth. 
A little natural planet without a hope, but it's still my favorite. I believe in this mankind.
What drives me is its unification with its first sentient civilization.
