“Boss, we’re finally coming up on C-33629. Exiting FTL drive and preparing for planetary descent. Brace for landing.”

The First Mate stood at the command console, hunched over an array of buttons and knobs. It had been ten long years since we left. Ten years since I took the photograph on my desk. I stared at it for a moment. The wasteland had become harder and harder to survive, but it was home. The memory of the tent city sprawled below the cliff had clung to me. We were space pirates, but we were earthlings. We drifted, but we’d always come back. Back to our families, to our friends… but when the Inner Solar System Federation suits came to us, what could we have done? They offered us a job, offered amnesty to the clans. We had no choice but to accept.

The details of the job were top secret. They said that the efforts to colonize Mars had brought up certain artifacts in the wastes. They asked us to dive into the depths of deep space and find their origin. Of course we could do it. We were the best crew in the galaxy, possibly beyond. Our ship outran the Federation at every orbit. We won every contest. But when they came to our home, we'd finally lost.

“Boss, it’s time.”

I snapped out of my daze. The call to action was the only thing i’d ever known. In another life, I’d have been a daring adventurer. My name would be sung in history books, not damned to criminal records. Those things were neither here nor there, though. My voice boomed across the ship as my men scurried across the decks. There was nothing these men were incapable of, and we landed on the barren surface without a hitch.

“Alright lads! Get your asses up, and off my goddam ship! Last boot on the ground gets a boot in the ass!”

“AYE!”

We lined up in formation. A small platoon of forty men, we’d taken out military installations and ransacked trans-system caravans with ease. But this place unsettled me. There was death in the air. The dust scattered in the winds, smearing the visits on our respirators. I lifted my rifle, preparing for the worst.

We marched most of the day. My squad headed what could be considered east, the First Mate’s west. At sunset, we radioed to the ship crew. No anomalies. Their sensors picked up nothing, in fact. This planet was dead as they come. Nothing more than a floating piece of rock.

“BOSS, BOSS!” 

The shouting woke me from my sleep. I rolled onto my stomach, readying my rifle. An attack? Humanoids? Monsters? Didn’t matter. I’d kill it. One of my scouts ran through the dust, dropping in the sand next to me.

“What is it, boy? Anyone hurt?”

“No, sir. But we found some structures to the south. Lee found a rock that had been carved out, like a bowl. We went to investigate, and we found what looked like an abandoned village. We dated it to over 100 mya.”

The radios went up in an uproar. The First Mate’s squad made it to our camp in a little under 5 hours. My crew marched with me to Lee’s location. Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw. A vast village, in the construction of the ancient Pueblo people. I readied my gun, checking to make sure it was loaded. Our flashlights bounced through the dust, illuminating the structures. We crept through the town in formation. Coming to the center, we split into 2 man teams.

Me and the First Mate explores the large central building. It’s stone reaching into the sky. Stepping into the darkness, we found ourselves in a huge chamber. My flashlight scanned the walls, resting on a huge sculpture. My knees failed me, i dropped my weapon. The light shone on a sculpture, maybe 6 feet in height. Carved from the stone was the spitting image of a man.

“My god… We’re home.”
