King Andrees Nan Copolas scooted back in his hard edged, iron throne. The bags gathering under his eyes seemed to be trying to escape his face as he looked down at the tray I brought him. He brushed grey hairs away from his face as his bloodshot eyes met mine.


“I will not need the black brew tonight, Jevin.” He was by far the oldest looking nine year old I had ever seen. Even his voice reflected his exhaustion. 


I looked down at the drink and array of sweets on my tray. Mistress Nahan had demanded that I push the drink on the boy, fearing that when he woke he would experience one of his famous awakenings, throwing the kingdom into a sudden yet organized change. Most of the time, it was for the better, though. Also, I had seen the tiny grains of what was likely poison scattered on the table near her. 


“Sire, are you certain that sleep is the wisest course?”


Those light blue, piercing eyes flashed at me, then away, looking down the corridor. “Jev, you've been with me for a few years now. In the time since you've known me, *I’ve* lived almost a thousand years. Trust me, I do not wish to experience yet another year of isolation between dusk and dawn, but I may learn a secret, a strategy necessary to defend our people. It's a burden I bear not for myself, but for this kingdom.”


I nodded, absorbing his words. His voice was high like a young boy’s should be, yet it was wrapped a tinge of wisdom, of soothing sweet sorrow. 


“Plus, I have to sleep sometime.” Andrees smiled wanly, looking back to me. “Perhaps the eve of our destruction isn't the best time, but if the castle still stands when I wake, there may yet be salvation.”


I returned the smile and set down his tray. “The Arkenian army will not pass our gates by  dawn, Sire.”


“I have calculated that there is at least a three out of five chance that they will accomplish just that, Jev, but I appreciate your attempted reassurance. Will you help me to bed?”


I bowed, then picked the King up from the throne. I shifted his position so that he did not feel the blade tucked beneath my robes as I carried him. He weighed nearly nothing, which was sad but not surprising. The boy lived on the black brew and not much else. He would attempt to stay up most nights and only nap for five to ten minutes during the day, demanding that I or another servant wake him quickly. 


I smiled as I tucked him into his ridiculously oversized bed, one crafted for a king and his queen, not a nine year old boy. He returned it, this time with a little more luster. 


“Jev.”


“Sire?”


“If I wake, I will have an answer to save the kingdom. If not from the Arkenians, then at least from the plague they have brought upon our people. It is all I will spend this time on.”


“Our people are blessed to have you as their king, Sire.”


Andrees nodded slowly, then looked directly at the spot I had the blade hidden on my waist. I held my breath, taking care not to follow his eyes. 


“If I do not wake, however, I will consider my burden lifted, and my life spent as best I could. If that happens, I hope the parties that seize control understand that surrender to the Arkenians will not end well for our people.” 


I bowed, then spun on my foot and exited his bed chambers. Mistress Nahan’s poisoned drink had failed. My blade would likely fail. There would be no surrender to the invaders. Perhaps the kingdom would just have to suffer another one of Andrees’ revelations, and Gods’ willing it would be enough to save us. 

[r/intotheslushpile] (http://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile) 
 