	I didn’t want to say it. I didn’t mean to say it. I wish I couldn’t say it, but lo and behold, I did. 

	I was just minding my own business, trying to butter my waffle before work, when I swallowed some spit the wrong way. You know, how you’re just trying to go ahead with whatever you’re doing, and then you have the sudden need to swallow, but it goes down the wrong pipe, into your lungs or something? I’m not sure that’s how it works, but we all know the feeling. 

	Anyway, there I am gasping for breath doubled over, coughing my lungs out, when I get the feeling, as if I had just spent all of my energy running or lifting weights or, I don’t know, creating a new creature from the pits of the abyss. I fall to the floor, carving a nasty gash into my cheek on the floorboard that was peeling up (I knew I should have taken care of it sooner) and can barely control my bodily movements. I began to go into spasms as I felt my back muscles tense and bunch and twist, and then I felt my skin tear apart as something tore its’ way out of me. 

	Now, before anyone freaks out more than they should (though to be fair, you are allowed to freak out a little) please know that this has actually happened to me before. Three times to be exact. Once when I was four and I had been trying to say the peter piper tongue twister (that was a fun day) and once when I was thirteen and I had been trying to pronounce the name of this girl that I liked (She was from eastern europe somewhere. I never got to learn where though, because as soon as she saw what I could do she and her family went back there). The most recent time was when I had been in a karaoke bar with some friends, drunk off my ass, and I was trying to sing Bohemian Rhapsody. A couple verses into it and I’m convulsing on the floor in pain, and then they need to build a new bar. 

	You’d think that someone would come and take me away for all this, right? Some area 51 folks or a group in squid masks or something, but amazingly, miraculously, people always seem to brush it off. I’ve learned to not look a gift horse in the mouth.

	Now, back to the present. I lay there for what felt like an eternity, trying to catch my breath as the blood pooled around me, when I heard a quiet slurping sound, like a dog lapping up water. I turned my head slowly, trying to keep my face out of the crimson around me, and the breath left my lungs. Some sort of mix between a crab, a dog and a monkey sat crouched at my side, mandibles clacking as some tube came out of its face to suck up my blood. It paused to fix its’ empty looking eye sockets on me, then went back to drinking as I began to sit up. 

	“Hey Jim, I heard a fall and… holy cow, there’s another! Guys, come look! Jim had another of us!” Xhargothod gurgled in his strange manner of speaking, little more than hundreds of acidic bubbles popping in a mockery of language, but I could still understand his meaning. Xhargothod was basically an amorphous pillar of gas and liquid that floated around, unable to interact with anything physically except to melt, burn or absorb it. He floated over and waved the dog thing away, giving me room to move around. Zzizz walked in then, giving me a headache do to the fact that she was made up of an infinite number of fractals collapsing in on themselves, all contained by a humanoid silhouette. Zzizz came over and helped me to a chair, her touch feeling like my soul was being pulled into the ether. Amazingly, she gives nice back rubs.

	“Oh dear, Jim, you really shouldn’t go around spawning us without warning. This can be a very trying time for you” Zzizz admonished, her voice changing with every syllable. “Well, it looks like your back is knitting up quite nicely on its own, though you’ll probably be sore for a bit.” ZZizz had been the second one to explode from my back, and like a sister to me. 

	Each creature that has crawled out of my back has stayed with me. No one else can see them for what they are, just observing them as normal people. ZZizz and Xhargothod help to keep the house clean and the first to exist goes to work on my off days. I’m not sure why I create these things, but whatever reason was probably lost during the moment of their birth. 
