"You embossed the contract in gold, didn't you?"

I shook my head. This was the fourth time this month I'd had a demon in my office with a story like this. The creature balanced on a small pole I'd had set up for it, bat-like wings folded behind it as it spoke in a hiss through razor-sharp teeth.

"Yesss, at hisss requesst. But what doesss it matter, the wording was clear!"

I sighed and filled up my coffee cup from the pot on my desk.

"It's called the sorcerous citizen's movement. Some people make up these ridiculous ideas about legal precedent and think they've come up with some kind of loophole. It's ridiculous the things they come up with."

"But gold embossssing?"

"The first accord between the merfolk and the coastal tribes was embossed with gold. For some reason they think that means any contract embossed with gold is only applicable to naval entities, rendering it void if it's between non-aquatic groups. Completely ridiculous."

"Then what'ssss to be done?"

"Well it's simple, really." I reached into my desk and began pulling out the appropriate forms.

"We'll need to file a motion for soul acquisition with contract, hire a shadow-hunter from the eigth plane to serve it, and set a court date. The judge will throw out his complaint pretty much immediately, he has no basis. We can then file an appeal for increased damages due to avoidance of contract. You're lucky, Pennsylvania has recently instituted laws that allow for collection of treble damages in cases like this."

The demon perked up. "Treble?"

"Triple. In addition to his soul, you can also extract his body mass and as much psychic energy as you can generate through torture. Quite progressive."

I could swear his eyes started to drool when I said "torture". Very unnerving creatures, demons.

"Anyways, because he likely won't pay up, we'll hire a collection agency to go out and collect him for us. I recommend 'Get 'em with Gorgons'. They deliver their quarries completely petrified. Of course you can't extract the blood you'll want in that state, so you'll need a basic de-petrification charm. But even with that they're the cheapest option."

The demon seemed to smile. "Very well, and your priccce?"

"You can pay me hourly, which I'd recommend for a simple case like this, or on contingency for 30% of the victim's soul and blood."

The demon snorted. "Hourly will sufficccce. Have the bill sssent to my addressss."

"Of course, sir. This matter will be taken care of within the week."

The demon disappeared in a puff of smoke. I leaned back and rubbed my forehead. As long as this idiot didn't try to argue that his soul was a seperate legal entity it should be relatively painless.

I buzzed my secretary. "Julia, who's next?"

"He wouldn't give me his name, sir. He claims he's being arrested under false pretenses because he was 'travelling' instead of 'flying' with a magic carpet without a license, and wants to arrest the police that arrested him."

Fuck.

---

Read more at /r/CriticalHitWrites