"I can't believe it!" seemed to be the common sentiment. That seemed plain enough, though there also seemed to be an underlying thought that this perfect system had a crack in it.  

The system was perfect, they simply misunderstood how it worked, and I was in no hurry to correct them.  

"Try again!" protested the prosecutor, Jones. I had gotten to know him quite well over the last six months. There was evidence of my crimes, he said, and the 'Grand Test' would be the lock on my jail cell. The same man now was as white as the blood they'd pulled.  

The legal system is founded on the fact that as one commits acts of evil, that this evil somehow marks itself in one's own blood, making it a little darker than before. This was taken to be as basic as the Law of Gravity and heralded as the ultimate test of innocence. If all other evidence points to guilt, and yet the blood is untainted, or even a clear white (as is the blood of newborns), then there must be another explanation that painted one as innocent.  

I knew better though. I knew that, just as the world is not flat, that there was more to this rule. Even the speed of light can be worked around, what then?  

My research into the cases tried had confirmed, initially, much of the public perception. The drawn blood was indeed darker, corresponding to the heinousness of the crime. However, I noticed one odd circumstance which led me down my path.  

It was the case of Moira Gatley, whom most know from the news, the genocidal Prime Minister of the UK. Unbeknownst to even her own people, she had overseen the brutal murder of several thousands of men, women and children who had come across the Channel, in an attempt to escape the French war. That nation was in turmoil ever since its invasion of Spain, to "curb the tide of pensée indésirable". I won't bore you with how the war was resolved, but it was in that aftermath that she was arrested and her blood tested. It was darker than sin, to be sure, however, from the photographic evidence provided, it was much less so than that of Franco XII, who as you may know, was also a slaughterer of "degenerado" but in his case, he spared women and children (though I imagine this was small comfort to those who lost a father, brother, husband or son). Since the cases were many decades apart, it is no wonder this hadn't been noticed earlier. In human timelines, decades can be long enough, though not for nature.  

This made me think of the 'Law of Blood' as not a straight line, but as something else entirely. The thought drove me mad with its implications, I had to test it! I set about at night, starting only with those who would not be missed by the law abiding, but still helpless. Prostitutes were a natural target, but they weren't my only ones. The homeless, and beggars were also targeted. I had learned how to dispose of the bodies exceptionally well, and having access to the University, I could also furnish myself with all the necessary supplies at a moment's notice. This went on for well past ten years, every day a new casualty, but only those who no one would care to notice.  

When I was finally caught, as I had mentioned in my public statement, I was innocent. I knew what the test would show, as I had taken samples of my own blood and catalogued the trend in its shade. The test, as I have mentioned, shows me as innocent as current law demands.  

I do not deserve to be free, though I do deserve the recognition. In these pages enclosed, I have catalogued all my steps and all my research, and I have proven conclusively that the Law of Blood is not a straight line, but a circle.  

- Jack