"Wait what?"

The heavy oaken table creaked slightly as Lucifer himself leaned on it. "Pretty straight forward, mortal. You were chosen as her partner to play a 2 versus 2 game, if you win, she lives. If you lose, you both go with Death here." He motioned towards death, little more than a barely formed robe with wisps of inky black smoke dropping from the lifted hood.

Sarah hadn't looked at me yet. Her face a mixture of regret and fear, I could see tears on her cheeks, and my chest tightened. "Okay fine, I'll play the game." I stated, not quite sure I fully understood the situation. "But I want something if I win."

Satan raised an eyebrow, looking over at Death. "That part of the rules?"

Death simply nodded. "Given the circumstances, it would not be fair for a mortal to be forced to end their life shorter than their time without some recompense. What do you wish for?"

"A superpower of my choice." I stated abruptly, causing Lucifer to burst out into raucous laughter.

"Oh you humans, always wishing for power or wealth. Very well, I will grant it myself should you win." His very presence shook the room with his amusement. "So, Death, what is the game?"

Death's gaze passed across the room. Even without eyes, we could tell it looked at us. "Survival." Sarah shifted in her seat uncomfortably.

"Survival? I'm the Lord of Hell! There is nothing I cannot survive. Tell me, what meat grinder were we to run through? What wolves would chase us?" He laughed again, the walls shivering. "Are you sure you don't want a game of chess like all those other humans?" Lucifer's grin showed the confidence he had in himself.

Death raised an arm - more inky black smoke coming from the opening - and pointed it at me. "You and Sarah. You have 10 years, on the planet of my choosing. If you survive through Lucifer's wrath, you win." I blinked a couple times, my vision a bit hazy. "10 years. The clock begins... now."

\---------

I wish I could make one of those solid lines but feel free to follow me on /r/PM_Full_Tits for my once a month story things :)