Eyelashes crusted, his hand came up and brushed hard, then relaxed, as the tiny rough spheres rolled in fits  down his face. Letters, then words, came seemingly out of nowhere, out of his subconscious to the forefront of his mind: "Always aim for the head". He knew words that came to him this way were always accurate, always meant for today.  


Every night for as far back as he could remember, words of advice had found their way to him in his dreams. He periodically doubted these words as a child. It took some years to notice a pattern; the days he ignored the advice were slightly worse: a parent yelling, a missed flight, a sibling rebelling. The words strength and stature increased with every year that passed, soon becoming a percussive pounding impossible to ignore.  Some days, he knew the words meaning only a few seconds before the moment in which he was to use them; other days, like today, he knew what they meant the moment they came into the fibers of his mind.   


Over the years, he noticed the advice seemed only to provide small victories in the day; the rest of his life had been faltering. His dreams did not offer any all-encompassing solutions to the pressing problems of the day. At this moment, he had no reprieve from the stress and strain and pressure of everyday life.  Only the moments of unconsciousness throughout the night brought any pause to his thoughts of self-doubt, racing and rolling around his mind.  He tired to lift his fingers and hands and legs and every other limb, ligament, and muscle in his body. But he did, knowing the words would be accurate, that they would apply to today and only today. He stood, slowly  twisting his back, as his cartilage cracked and popped providing slight relief. He walked over to his desk, running his hands across the cheap pine down to a faded brass handle and pulled. The words pounded in his head as he lowered his hand into the drawer, wrapped his hand around the textured handle and raised the barrel of the pistol to his head. He slowly exhaled, letting a wave a stillness envelop him. He was waiting for the day to use it, some days he would just stare at it for hours --  an infinite number of scenarios passing by, fading as fast as they came  to him. He could take sanctuary in the words, the words that had guided him for so many years. He pulled the trigger.