As I cross the street to the restaurant I see the old man walking next to me start to stumble. I grab his arm to steady him, and a vague one appears in my vision. Another life saved, I guess. He turns and smiles at me as I help him step over the curb. As he walks away a car zooms passed where he would have fallen, the driver obviously oblivious of the red light. 

I open the door to the sandwich shop. It was a small place, fallen into disrepair since the old owner retired and her good for nothing son took it over. Unfortunately it was the fastest place to order a quick lunch in this college town that wasn't inundated with students clamoring for free WiFi or other professors looking for a debate about mindless minutia. 

The only people waiting for food were a stressed looking grad student and an older woman with dark hair arguing with someone on her cell phone. The grad student was pointing at different vegetables that she wanted on her sub as the incompetent jackass who ran the place rolled his eyes at her fussiness. 

The woman in line in front of me shifted as her conversation became more heated. "What do you mean? The sub-40 freezer won't get here until next week? I have HeLa cells coming this Friday. Am I supposed to bury them in a fucking snowbank and hope a damn cat doesn't eat them?" She snarled into her phone. She stopped talking for a minute and crossed her free arm over her chest. 

 She took a step away from the counter and gestured to me to go ahead of her. I could see the frustration outlined on her delicate features. I thought she gave me a faint smile as she caught my eye. She was a very handsome woman, made even more so by the intelligence that shone in her light eyes. She had just started at the university this term and I took great pains to avoid sitting by her at faculty meetings because in her presence I was prone to becoming a bumbling idiot. I had no chance with her because someone of her stature and accomplishments has no use for a washed up ceramic artist, and I had no clue if she had any interest in other women (and I had no intention of making a complete ass of myself). 

I take my place in front of the grease streaked counter. The piggy lowlife gave me a bored look. "The usual?" he asked in a bored monotone. He reached for a wrap. 

 " Not today. I think I am in the mood for an Italian sub, " I said, ordering something I know would take a longer time than usual to give my colleague a few extra minutes to finish her phone call. He sighed as he grabbed the two day old roll. He roughly cut it in half so that bottom was much thinner than the top. 

 "I guess it's your lucky day. This is the last of the pastrami," he said as he plopped the slimy looking meat onto the bread. I only partially paid attention as he unevenly piled the limp vegetables onto the rest of my sub. I was relieved to hear that, yes, the freezer was going to be installed by the end of the day and that, no, the woman would not have to keep the cancer cell cultures in her glove compartment and hope that we don't have unseasonably warm weather. 

 I pay for my sandwich and as the lazy bozo gives it to me that strange sense that I have starts to feel like a pressure in the front of my head. A truly outrageous number flashes before my eyes as I grab my lunch. I sit at a nearby table where I can watch the woman order her meal. Looking is free...

I take the first bite of my sub, and my taste buds are assaulted with the unpleasant taste of spoiled meat. I gag and spit it out. I can feel my breakfast making an encore appearance. 

I clamp my hand over my mouth as I make a mad dash to the garbage can by the counter. My foot slips on a wet patch and I fall face first into the corner of the counter. As I lose consciousness I feel the remains of my breakfast break free.  

I can feel myself floating. So this is how it ends. Face first in a pile of sick in a disreputable off campus sub shop. Renowned artist and professor dead after eating sketchy cold cuts. I guess it isn't so bad I think as I hear a soft woman's voice and feel a towel wipe off my face. 

My eyes blink open and I see a pair of compassionate blue eyes staring at me. I feel a hand pulling my long hair away from my face. 

 "Are you an angel?" I hear myself mumble. I hear a soft giggle from someplace above me. I start to try to get up, but I feel a hand on my shoulder holding me down.

 "Relax, you will be safe. The ambulance will be-" she said. I could feel her demeanor change as she turn her head to the rotten food monger behind the counter. "I told you to call a minute ago," she snarled as his mouth opened and closed in stupidity. She glares at him for a second until he picks up the phone. 

She doesn't leave me when they arrive to take me to the hospital. Even the day or two I was there I was surprised to see that she rarely left. I don't know why she stayed because when I asked she gave me a strange smile and started talking about how completely obnoxious the snow was getting. 


A week later I finally feel up to going to my studio. I chase out the pair of students who take care of it when I am away. I can hear them laughing at something to each other as they leave, something about how a newer member of the faculty keeps slinking around the place at odd times looking for me. 

I am elbows deep in a proverbial mountain of wet clay when I feel someone tapping on my shoulder. I shrug and turn to tell them I am busy and still not back to full working order. It is the woman, Valerie, if my muddled memory is correct.

She is standing near me holding a folder of papers. Her free hand is resting on my shoulder. She was wearing a dark shade of red lipstick that complimented her angular features. 

 "I was thinking, well more like digging through old papers," she said, her voice uncertain. "There is this bioactive ceramic that you were working on a few years back and I was wondering if you were still doing anything with it. I think that if you add a few things it would be very useful because it would," she began to talk about its potential properties using a series of words and phrases that made absolutely no sense to me. Valerie's voice became more confident as she talked about her area of research. " I would very much like to work with you on this. Just think, if I am right we could be the women who cure cancer. "

By that time her hand had moved to my wrist and her finger was stroking my clay covered hand. She did not seem to notice that her sleeve was getting soaked in a mixture of water and clay. I stared into her eyes blankly, worried that if I do so much as open my mouth I would ruin any sort of positive impression of me (and that was after she saw me lose my breakfast in a dirty cafe). And now the meaning of those numbers that I saw in the restaurant made perfect sense. Billions of lives saved as the result of buying a spoiled sandwich.

 "That is not the only reason why I am here. I was also wondering if you would like to have dinner with me. When you feel up to it, of course. I am rather a good cook," she said. I could see a faint blush form on her cheeks.

 For the first time since I met her I don't feel like a total buffoon. I take her hand in mine. "I would like that very much."
