We heard many legends from our parents and grandparents about these so called video games. Apparently people used a lot of their free time to play them. 

In the year 2301 earth was on the brink of collapse due to enviromental destruction, climate change and overpopulation. Our only survival chance was to escape to the Mars and the moon. Of course not everyone could make it and so 98&#37; of Earths population was left behind. Condemned to die in this manmade hell. Only the smartest, most able and best looking people survived.

100 years after the exodus our government decided to introduce a new ritual for everyone before they had their 19th birthday. During the winter months were the winds would blow the toxic winds to the ocean we young people would land on earth and start cleaning the place up. Thus we hoped to turn Earth into a place were people would be able to live at some point again. And now it was my turn.

I cleaned up the cover of the "video game". It read "COD 34". No idea why people would play a game about fishes. 

Deep Blue Ray Discs weren't produced for 50 years. But luckily our tablets still hat a slit for those discs.

I started up the program and the 95GB big game installed itself. But when I started up the game I was hit by a bad surprise.

I needed to be connected to the online server all the time if I wanted to play.

And the game had a 224GB day one patch.

And a 2,4GB compilation of hotfix patches.

I sighed and connected my tablet to some of the servers we had dug up a year earlier. Surprisingly the program found the needed files and downloaded them in less than 30 seconds.

Now I could finally play one of those relics from the past. And I was greeted by a bugged intro with no sounds were people dressed like clowns were running around shooting.

When I was in the main menu I was immediately harassed by several pop ups asking me to buy a so called "season pass" for only 344,59 credits and a enhanced graphic patch for only 45,44 credits. I flipped the cover of the game around and discovered the price for it. 450,99 credits. In total it would cost me about 840 credits for just one game. And back then that kind of money was a monthly payment for someone with a 60h week and minimum wage.

So I clicked myself trough all the pop ups. There were also cosmetics they sold for 20 credits each which gave my gun a different color. They even sold seperate skin colors for your character with the most popular being "Imperial Orange". It took me 10 minutes before I could even start to play the actual game.

And it was more than disappointing. Nothing in this fucking game worked. The guns felt like shit with no recoil and spread. The character was bugging around when I moved him, the dialogues and the story sounded like a 8 year old wrote them and I reached the ending after 26 minutes.

26 minutes of pure agony for 1 month of hard labour. And the game even lacked of any original content. Almost all walls and even some of the uniforms were painted in ads for various shit products.

I took the disc out of my tablet and smashed it into pieces. Our teachers were right. Those people wanted to suffer and die a horrible death if they voted this kind of garbage "game of the year 2300" with over 1,3 billion sold copies, according to the cover.

I burned what remained of the disc and cover and headed back to my shuttle to repeatedly slam my head against something hard. At least that was more creative and comfortable than palying one of those shit games.