One time I was jammin' with my trolley down the isles,
when I rammed into Mr Leprechaun Giles.
I told 'im "sorry man, I was recitin' some lines"
and he said "ya should be more careful in these lil' confines,
cause ya never know, what's standin' in your way,
might just go and curse ya for the rest of your days."
I thought, "ok man, that was a little weird,
What curses are gonna come from that odd orange beard.
Huh, that's funny, that last bit rhymed,
But it seemed to be quite terribly timed.
Ok what the hell, I got the last words down, 
But the timing is absolutely all up and down town.
"Bro what have ya done to me my beat's all outta wack"
"Well maybe you should think of that before launching a trolley attack!"
Then, like that, the leprechaun was gone,
But almost as soon as he disappeared the stage lights came on.

This is some quirky new phase people are going through,
rappers who know how to rhyme, but who's timing's wazoo.
I'm not real sure how this happened to me,
But as long as I'm making money everything's la di da dee.

So naturally the leprechaun approached me kinda pissed,
When he heard my song made the top one hundred list.
He said "man forcing you to rhyme was supposed to be a curse,
Not the come up you needed to stop living off your mums purse.
So you watch, come the third month Imma take it away,
and watch you go back to living your sad life. Hooray!"
I couldn't let Giles take away my source of dosh,
So obviously I kicked him in the head till it became slosh. 
I hid the body in the river and washed all my clothes out with bleach,
And was still ready for my show on the shores of Florida Beach.
I sang...

This is some quirky new phase people are going through,
rappers who know how to rhyme, but who's timing's wazoo.
I'm not real sure how this happened to me,
But as long as I'm making money everything's la di da dee.

But then a turn of events began to occur,
for instance less people started coming to
my gigs, I had to lay off the chauffeur. 
Not long after that the cops found the body,
and I was locked up for "doin' something rather shoddy". 
I gotta tell you prison ain't no joke,
The food is bad, and you're not allowed to smoke.
But I'd imagine nothing could be worse than whilst being locked up,
than someone finding your rhymes "cute" and being made his "buttercup".
I want nothing more, than for these rhymes to go away,
It turns out I really screwed up and now they're here to stay.

I am a quirky old phase that people went through,
And now I'm in prison, and I think I have the flue. 
One might say it's my fault, and that I shoulda known a kill would cause drama,
but what can I say? I really wanted all that juicy Karma!

(Finish as a leprechaun, arms out spread having complete some strange tap dance routine, staring with a defeated smile into an unimpressed crowd.)