(typing while walking. please excuse typos)

"Next!" Hades doesn't bother looking up. At this point he was used to the "OMG! <Insert religion> was wrong" cries of surprise and just wanted to do his job and retire for the day.

Something caught his eye though. He knew it was close - but didn't realise he'd hit it this soon.

He freezes time, just to be sure, and checks, double checks the count, and smiles. He's done this a few times before and always wondered how much amusement it gave him to break out of rote and have a proper conversation with a sentient being.

The man, correction, kid, before him appeared bedraggled, shell shocked, with a few bullet wounds through his thigh. Not the first he'd seen recently - Yemen was the one place the other side of the Styx he'd rather not be in.

He nods. The kid unfreezes mid-stride, stumbling a bit when unfrozen, but managing to catch himself. 

"Congratulations Abdal, you're the ten billionth human being to die."  
_-Billion?_  
Yes. It's a very large number kid. A very large number.  
_-So many people died?_  

Hades paused. He didn't want to go into how it wasn't expected till next year, and how Yemen and China has massively accelerated the rate of death to hit that mark toward the fag end of 2018. Even if recently deceased, he was still a kid.

"Yes. But they're all in a good place now"  
_- And my mum?_  
She's not yet dead kiddo. Not till 15 days later.
_- I want my mum_  
Your grandparents are here. As are your brothers and father.
_- I miss my mum. She keeps me safe_  

Not safe enough this time. But then no one knew where the shells would land.

 "Listen kiddo. If it makes it any better, you being the ten billionth gives you a wish. Any wish except to get someone here ahead of their time"  
_I want to undie and go back to my mum_  

Not the first time he'd faced this wish.

"I'm afraid I can't do that kiddo"

He could. He'd done it before. But not on billion counts. It rolls the count back and there would be mathematical inconsistencies. like if the next person would be given a wish... or the next billionth... It also meant he wouldn't be the ten billionth... And that meant the wish wouldn't take place. 

_-Well, that's my wish. I wanna undie and go back to my mum_

He kept arguing away - he'd broken down the previous billionths to another wish before. But this was the first time with an adamant kid.

Hades sighed and put down his stylus. He got up and went around to the kid and cuddled him, comforting the sobbing blathering mess he was. He was thankful he'd frozen time, as the queue remained static as he cajoled and reasoned with him and tried to get another wish. Finally, he called out to Zeus and Jupiter and the other pantheon heads.

And that's as how the pantheon found out that there was nothing quite as immovable as a kid that missed his mum.

And so the Yemen war ended, as did the human record of time. In a time frozen stalemate across the Styx brought on by a kid who'd been horribly murdered by religious zealots and power mongers. A kid that wanted his mum