"-uck" My last words are finished as I my eyes adjust to the blackness. I sit up and look at Death. He is sitting at a table.

"Oh, it is you again. What is it today?" Death greeted me not with an explanation of the game like he always used to but an apathetic voice.

"I don't know, you can choose." I watch as Death pulls out a chess board and starts to set up a game on it. "A classic."

As I sit down to play, the board orients for me to be white. "Well you did just die" Death is at least courteous. "But don't expect me to go easy" 

As I am making my first moves Death asks, "Any ideas for the new life, since you know the trick, I can see what I can do to make the transition easy."

 I have tried so many different things. Who knows maybe I will ask to be a grandmaster this time"

"Oh don't ruin a good game for me." Death quips back

"One day I will get you into video games then you will really know what a good game is. Check."

"What? Oh the bishop. And just because I like board games doesn't mean they are bad. Next time we will play Settlers of Catan then you can see how good a board game can be."

"Yeah whatever you say" I roll my eyes at death "also check again."

Death just sighs and tries to focus on the game. But it doesn't matter He is one move from being checkmated. 

"Checkmate. My streak continues this is what 24 in a row now?"

"28" Death responds. "I miss the days that we were on an equal level"

"Yeah well better luck next time. Keep practicing." I smile as he tosses me the coin. Our little game is meaningless but since I know his trick we can just keep playing every death of mine.

"Got your age?"

"Let’s go with a whole new life and say birth. Get a new set of adventures." I toss the coin. "until next time, Death." I watch the coin start to bounce around and at the last possible moment say "Edge." Just as I do the coin lands and balances right on the edge and rolls to the corner of the table. Just like every time. The blackness fades and death waves goodbye.

*Edited so that the grammar is actually good.