The most accurate comparison to a dragon that I could give you is a cat. Like cats, they are carnivores, they love to curl up beneath the sun for a quick nap, or my personal favorite, their tails will twitch in annoyance. The only difference you get between a cat and a dragon is that a cat will meow to gain your attention. Really, that is the only difference. Dragons have similar fur patterns to the feline beings. Dragons don’t meow for attention, nor do they make any sort of noise at all. They are very silent creatures. Stories of dragons breathing fire and roaring over the skies are untrue. It’s similar to the stories of cats traveling to outer-space or shooting laser beams from their eyes – they’re just stories. Oh, there is one other thing that does separate them apart from one another, dragons are usually two to three buildings tall.

Dragons have another way of gaining someone’s attention and it is picking individuals up and carrying them off god knows where regardless of what that person is doing.

Take for example our everyday normal student Calvin Motley. Calvin had a rhythm of siting outside the café on the corner of Ridgeview and Park. It only took a few seconds for a dragon to tear poor Calvin up from his seat before taking his first sip and pulling him up into the clouds away thirty-two miles by a river before he was sat down.

There’s no need to put dialogue here. During the twenty-minute flight, Calvin was cursing the dragon so much that by the time his feet hit the grass, his voice had gone.

The dragon rubbed its head along Calvin’s torso before walking in circles to rest. Calvin watched the dragon arch its back and press its claws repeatedly against the tall grass finding comfort in the soil. When the dragon flopped down, Calvin grabbed his hair and yelled,

“Uh, Hello?” The dragon payed no mind. It’s forked tongue washed between each claw before resting. “Take me home!”

I know that this sounds ridiculous, but the citizens of Kettle’s Grove were used to the population of wild dragons around the hill tops. It wasn’t normal for strays to come down and carry random people off – but as you can see, it did happen on occasions.

Calvin was pacing back and forth angrily trying to figure out how he was going to hike back to Kettle’s Grove before nightfall. He yelled, “Why do people even own these things! They are nothing but trouble!”

People did own dragons and I always enjoyed walking around a dragon park. I would sit on a bench and enjoy a nice dragon fruit ice cream watching people being carried around in all directions. If you could picture a dog park where it is more common for a dog to walk its owner, it’s the same thing here only the dragons carry their owners. There is even a sport where one can train a dragon called, Acing.

“What am I supposed to do now?” Calvin kicked the dragon’s tail. The dragon was fast asleep and silent. Calvin crossed his arms and started to walk down the road before the dragon swooped him up again and carried him to the exact same spot. “What in the hell!” Calvin’s language had finally slipped. The dragon did not glance back at Calvin. It pressed its claws into the grass again before falling back asleep.

Like that of a piece of yarn, Calvin had become the ball. Calvin tip toed silently to get away from the dragon. It had been over fifteen minutes of following the river back toward town that Calvin heard a noise and jumped behind a boulder. He slowly lifted his head above the rock and nothing was there. “Whew.” Calvin wiped the seat from his brow. When he turned around, the dragon swooped him up and carried him back to the exact same spot. “Are you flippin’ kidding me? What am I to you? Why are you doing this to me?!” Calvin started to spit he was so angry. The dragon looked away and pressed its claws against the ground again. Calvin became exhausted and just watched the dragon flop back down.

Not long after Calvin had been sitting on a rock staring onto the sleeping dragon, he noticed something over the horizon across the valley. Kettle’s Grove had become full of smoke. Calvin jumped up in a panic noticing his entire hometown had caught ablaze. There were debris circling around the smoke, but Calvin realized it was not debris, it was dragons. It looked as if thousands of dragons were circling around the town consumed with fire.

The dragon finally woke up and pressed its head against Calvin’s torso. Calvin hit the dragon in anger, “What are you things doing to the town?!” The dragon took several steps back before lying flat against the grass staring back up at Calvin. It was that moment that Calvin started to wonder,

“You aren’t down there with them. You brought me here – away from the fire.”