"Oh come on with this stupid password crap," She says trying to sit down.

I pull the chair away from her "No, You need to tell me the password, I want to keep things in line" 

She scrunches her face, and looks around "Durkenhimer"
 
"Not for fifteen more years sweety"

"Damn it" She glares at me as she takes out her backwards stopwatch "I hate you"

"Well, your stuck for all eternity with me" She disappears as her image degrades. 

I sit down and wait, I hit a stopwatch she gave me from the late 20 century, odd device from the looks of it. I turn it on and see how long it takes for me to remember everything. After about 28 seconds it came flooding back. I heard someone mention dog, connecting my dog back in Greece, talking to Aristotle finding treasure.

"Famous pianist Edvard Greg" I hear the distinct voice behind me and I come back to the present.

"Born just last month" She sits down, some sort of plastic cup in her hand "I used the stopwatch you gave me to see how late you were this time"

"Well, sorry, I had somewhere to get to"

"And you have a time machine, you should never be late" She chuckles in the small, sweet way only she could.

"You're ridiculous, Anyway, I properly recorded what happened to Hitler before I came here" I remember she told me a hundred years ago that Hitler was some sort of megalomaniac in the future.

"Oh interesting, What happened?" I loved her stories of the future and she always told them with such fervency. That is why I married her.

"Well he was in his bunker, hiding out from the oncoming troops, when all of the sudden, his nearest officer decided he had enough. Oh, it was so exciting, He pulled out a gun, said something roughly translated as "you monster, I vill keel you" " She laughed at herself and I smiled along with her "Then he shot Hitler, and then himself, don't you see this could change the course of history, prove those people who think he escaped to Argentina or something" I hardly heard what she said, as the gunshot still rang in my head. She kept telling her story, but I looked on with hollow eyes.

"You okay?" She said, taking another sip 

"Yeah, Yeah, I'm.....Just feeling under the weather"  I struggled to hold back tears welling up in my eyes.

"Oh, I should go, I don't want to get past sick, you saw how well that worked out during the black plague" She took out her backward watch again and smiled and waved to me as she disappeared and her image faded out. 

As soon as she left I cried. It was not her fault she triggered the memory, it's still so vivid. The robber, the ambush, three years ago and she doesn't even know. I held her bloodied dying body in my hand, and here she was alive and as sweet as ever. 
