Just a few notes beforehand:

1. English is not my first language
2. I wrote this during work (not really important but a fun fact)
3. This is some pretty low level rhyming so don't get your hopes up
4. I hope you get a laugh out of it :D

We've come so far,
you and me,
it started as something small,
I did things with which I barely agreed.

To catch your interest, 
I shot that man in the chest,
Over his chest I carressed,
as this would help me become the best. 

For you I had done this,
taken that knife and slid through that pig, 
taken his heart out, 
forcefully in my grip,

I did it all to catch your attention, 
beautiful necromancer's daughter, 
I wanted your affection,
I wanted to be your only selection :D  

I offered you his body,
Hoping to woo you with his open chest,
You barely blinked an eye,
and send me back to my chest. 

the next night I came out again, 
collected 10 men and lured them to a suspicious van.
The inside of the van I decorated with their guts, 
It made me feel nuts, but I knew that this was just. 

You see, I wanted to do everything for you, 
these men didn't matter, this is what I was gonna do. 
You and me, we were gonna be a team, 
We were gonna rule, my dream would be reality. 

This time you blinked an eye but was only barely impressed, 
just bodies weren't gonna cut it, 
my approach needed more finesse,
so I made a plan that involved more than cutting open peoples chest.

I deviced a plan that was more in line with your fathers style,
I wrote it down, the paper's length was a mile. 
I wrote from sun up to sun down, 
It involved a complete town. 

The night that I was done,
was the start of what was to come,
as I flew through the night, 
I laughed at the dads, moms and their sons. 

You see, I wanted to show her pain,
Physical pain seemed to have no effect,
I didn't want my previous efforts to be in vain,
After this I would've earned her respect. 

I had deviced a substance to bring out the cries that morning,
In my flight I let the substance fall in the nearby water supply while it was storming,
The water turned purple for a second and then it dissapeared,
the damage was done, I would be feared.

That morning the people of the town woke up, 
They drank some water to fresh themselves up, 
as the morning went on, the fathers, mothers and brothers felt very abrupt, 
that their stomach was acting up. 

What commenced then was nothing but joy to see,
the people started shitting their shit out for the daughters to see,
once the shit was done guts commenced,
it drove the daughters crazy, this was a mental AND a physical offence. 

I had send you to the town so that you could see what was about to happen, 
I slept good that day, I knew, your ass cheekes, I was about the slap em,
The next time I heard someone knocking on my chest,
It was her, and that night was the best ;)