In the army, the shave your head. They have ranks and tests and battles. They don't need the burden of blonde, Don't Show Don't Tell. You see, if you are in the trenches and the guy next to you is blond? You're going to lose all respect for his ability to shoot a gun.

If you have someone with black hair, how do you know they won't betray you to the enemy, knowing it is better to survive? Blondes go to war, blacks come home. 

So the army started shaving heads, refusing to let their soldiers go to war with that knowledge. No one admitted if they were light, or dark, or brown. They just put on the uniform, shaved their head, and went to die for an idea. 

You could tell what war did to people, if they let their hair grow out. Sometimes they would enter the service with surfer streaks only to return darker than satan's ball sac. It really showed you the sort of world they lived in, out there in Hell's North. 

What surprised me the most was when my daughter came home with her hair shaved. She wasn't army, she wasn't even dumb. She just looked at me and said, "I am done." 

I really wanted her to have a different life. But I knew she saw me in the bathroom, shaving away the cornhusk white from my own scalp. I'd let people die. I'd hidden it away. People thanked me for my service, they didn't see my mistakes. I didn't want my daughter to, either. 

But she had. And she understood. 

I had tried to ignore the growing grey around her face. When she told me about the abortion I didn't comment. I knew she regretted it, even at sixteen, because her hair dropped down three colors. 

I wasn't sure how she would feel, tomorrow morning, when she didn't have the veil to hide herself away. She must have felt like I did, when we buried her mother, how I wished I could see the white growing from my scalp. I wanted other people to see, to question, to blame me. But I still kept my head shaved.

I felt that I would have gained another blonde lock in that moment. I was stupid to think the wars ended the moment I took off the fatigues.