"Who are you?" Michael yelled at the approaching silhouette that seemed to be dragging itself through the spiralling cloud of red, desert dust, toward them. He raised a hand to his eyes and squinted, trying to get a better look at the figure - trying to decide if he should grab his little sister's hand and run far away from here, never turning, never looking back. But he knew they couldn't run. They'd *probably* die if they stayed, but he was certain they would die if they ran. It had been so long since they'd seen someone else - *anyone* else. He had thought they were the last.

The figure was tall - even hunched over as it was, struggling to walk, Michael guessed it must have been at least seven foot. It clutched something long and curved in its right hand. 

"Michael, Cibby is scared," whispered Isabella, clutching her beloved, no-legged doll tightly in the crook of her good arm.

Michael looked at his little sister, sighed, then crouched down until he was eye level with her. Sweat was pouring out from her burning forehead and dribbling down to her torn, lilac tee. It was a sweat that they couldn't replace; there was no water here. There seemed to be no water left on Earth. He gently ran the back of his fingers down Isabella's cheek.

"Me too, Izzy. But we all need to be brave right now. Whoever is coming, we need their help.  You're still not better - although, I'm sure you will be soon," he added, "and, well, we've not seen *anyone* since..."  His voice trailed off as he thought of their parents.

Isabella bit her lip, looked up at the swirling, tombstone sky above and nodded. "We'll be brave." 

"Good girl. Make sure you stay behind me, okay? Let me talk to him," Michael commanded, stepping in front of his sister. "And if... anything happens to me. Anything bad, I want you to run as fast as you can, back the way we came." Michael turned to face the approaching figure. He could now make out the ragged cloak that hung loose around the thin body; the pointed blade that trailed on the desert floor, biting into the earth as it dragged along. But he couldn't see the features of the face hidden in the brooding shadow of the hood.

"Hello!" said Michael, raising a hand. The figure didn't respond; it continued trudging toward them.

"We- we don't mean you harm. My sister's sick and we've not had water for-"

Michael's mouth dropped open when he saw the skeletal feet poking out from the bottom of the cloak. "Oh, Jesus." Now he was ready to run. He'd rather die on the radiation plains, his skin peeling and his heart dripping, than let this monstrosity come any closer. But his curiosity had never been greater; it took hold of his body and froze it in place. 

"*What the fuck are you?*" he mouthed.

The figure stopped a few feet from him. It tilted its head to the side, raised a bony hand to its face and peeled back its hood.

"*Oh, shit.* Izzy," he said, as he reached behind him, fumbling for his sister's hand, "get ready to run. Okay?"

"Pleaaase," came the terrible, pleading voice; it sounded as if it was being dragged through broken glass, as it rose up through the creature's throat.

Isabella poked her head out from behind her brother. She gasped.

"Pleaaase," came the voice again. The creature raised a hand, its fingers reaching toward them. Then, it collapsed onto its knees, its scythe dropping to the ground.

"Let's go, okay sis?" said Michael, trying not to show the fear in his voice.

"...we can't go. I think it needs our help," said Izzy. "It's in pain."

"Izzy! What are you doing?" Michael hissed, as his sister slowly walked toward the creature, until she stood only a foot away from it.

"My name is Izzy," she said, before bursting into a cough that ripped her throat and tore at her lungs.  It took her a moment to recover; she wiped the blood from her lips onto her arm. "This - this is Cibby, and that's my brother Michael," said the girl. "We don't have any water, but we have a little food. Would you like some?"

The creature stared at Izzy for a moment, before, with what looked like great effort, stretched a hand out toward her. 

"Don't!" shouted Michael, but it was too late. Izzy had already taken the pale hand in hers. 

It took only a second for her to fall limply to the ground, doll by her side.

"Izzy!" Michael screamed, running toward his sister and skidding to the ground next to her. "Oh God, Izzy," he said, as snot and hot tears mixed in his mouth. Her eyes were shut and her chest was perfectly still. "Please don't be dead. *Please please please.*" He shook her gently at first, then more firmly, then urgently. But his sister didn't respond. She didn't move. 

Michael picked up Izzy's doll, and placed it into her limp, open hand. Then, he buried his head into her chest and wept.

The cloaked figured slowly got back to its feet. It bent down and picked up its scythe.

"What did you do to her, you- you *monster!*" Michael asked, his voice trembling as he turned to the creature. "She was just a little girl and you-" 

He saw her left arm move first. The arm that hadn't moved since the mines. 

"*What?* Izzy?"

Her eyes slowly opened. The trace of a smile curved over her lips.

"Izzy!" he repeated through sobs and laughter. "Oh God, Izzy, you're alive. Please - *please,* don't ever do that to me again." He kissed her cheeks a dozen times, and her forehead nearer a hundred, before hugging her tightly.

"He... he made me better," she said, as her brother finally released her, raising her neck and looking up at the creature.

Michael stared anew at the cloaked figure. It looked stronger now. Taller, too. It took Michael a few moments to be able to whisper: "*thank you*."

The creature nodded, before lifting his scythe high into the air. 

"What are you..."

The creature brought the instrument down fiercely, tip first, burying it deep into the dry earth. A fountain of clear liquid erupted from the hole as he withdrew it. It didn't take long for a soft blanket of grass to begin sprouting underneath Izzy, quickly spreading out as if it was a puddle of water. It didn't take long for her to find the first tulip that had grown in a hundred years. Then, the first apple tree. 

Izzy whispered to her brother and pressed something into his hands.

When the cloaked figure was finally satisfied by the sparkling oasis, he pointed a finger toward Michael and gestured for him to step forward. He did so.

"My sister wanted you to have this," Michael said, offering out a hand.

Death paused for a moment, unsure, before reaching out and taking the doll. He looked at it curiously, turning it over twice. Then, he dropped it into a deep, dark pocket on the side of his cloak. "There are others," he said, in a soft rumble. "Only a few. You must bring them here." 

"How - how will I find them?"

"You will," it replied. "She will be safe, here. Nothing evil can step foot into my garden." It turned and took three steps away from him, before pausing. "I will see you again, someday," it whispered, not quite loud enough for Izzy to hear. Then, it continued its slow walk into the dancing dust of the desert. 

"Thank you," Michael whispered, as the figure drifted out of sight.


---

more on /r/nickofnight

 







              