The sounds of quiet footsteps...

The sound of guards telling him to not sleep...

The sound of deragatory words as they dragged him through endless halls...

All just to meet the man behind this chaos.

Brights lights blinded the man's eyes... and as it cleared... you hear a voice. 

"What have you done?! Guards! What have you done to Gregory?!" A panicked, worried voice could be heard. What that the supreme leader's voice? Why does it give familiar vibes? 

Greg's eyes adjusted to the room, and soon, the figure revealed a man who he recognized. Travis Langston, once a childhood friend... now Facist leader of Oceania. 

"Guards! Release him! You bastards!" His voice was loud, commanding, but it was also filled with sorrow. The guards immediately set Greg free from the shackles, causing him to slump to the floor. The injuries were grevious, and the pain made him unable to stand.

"Greg... please oh Greg..." the leader cried as he gripped onto the body of his friend. He knew the tortures that happen before prisoners were presented, but... this one devestated his heart.

"My family... my friends... explain yourself!" Greg's voice rose as he grabbed his old friend by the neck, raising him off the ground, fighting the pain that racked his body. Guards put a stop to this by striking him with the shock baton, causing him to howl in pain like a wolf, dropping the leader down. This further distressed the leader, now screaming at the guard to leave him alone.

"I-I can't help it. My family was done over by the corruption in this world! I did it to fix things!"

"Fix things... you ruined them further!" 

"But it wa-"

"But it was for the greater good? Don't make me laugh. Your battalion killed my wife and son! My WIFE, and my SON!" The wounded man tried again to go at the leader, but he can't, the pain becoming more and more unbearable. 

"Guards! Call for medical services!" Travis
 commanded as the guards left the room.

"Don't bother! You lost your grace already." Greg groaned, his life beginning to slip away.

"Greg! Stay with me bud! I'm sorry!" Travid ran towards the man, kneeling down and placing the man in a hug.

"No. You have taken too much from me."

Greg quickly went for the gun Travis had on his belt. He then pushed him away and pulled the trigger. 

A sound of a gunshot filled the room.

Greg slumps to the floor, a pool of blood forming beneath his now lifeless corpse. Beside him was Travis, crying his sorrows away as he lost his best friend. He knew he would succeed in being the leader... but at what cost?

Friendship... and Love. All is now lost. 

(Sorry... my mind is in jumbles today. I just want to type this out )