I was 17 when I crossed the road. The last thing that I remember is the sound of screeching tyres and the distant noise of sirens approaching while I watched the blood stain the road.


I woke up on the floor of a circular room, with a barrier separating my half from the other half of the circle.

I had never even considered the possibility of life after death, yet I'm here.

The silence was shattered by an unfamiliar voice, telling me that I was about to have a fight to the death with every soul that I had ever taken in my life. Then the voice begins to count backwards from thirty.

I started to relax a little knowing that I had never killed another person, or anything bigger than the odd bird or squirrel for that matter.

Insects? Sure I've killed a few wasps and spiders, but no deadly species live in the UK so I should be fine right?

The voice tells me I have ten seconds left. I stand there waiting there to be attacked by a cocktail of small English wildlife.


The last second gets counted and the barrier disappears.


I stand there in disbelief, staring into not only the eyes of a few birds and squirrels, but also the eyes of five large cows, ten pigs, fifty or so chickens, a few baby sheep and a deer.

I scream at the top of my lungs "What the fuck?!? I've never killed any of this what is happening?!"

There was no reply.

It only took me a minute to figure out why though.


The animals weren't doing anything aggressive. They just looked like they're enjoying the extra space of my half of the room.

Hours went by as I sat there watching a load of farm animals walk around aimlessly, swatting off mosquitos and the odd wasp.

Then the reality set in that the only way to get out of here was to kill every living thing in the room.

I started with the chickens, it took hours to chase each one individually but once they were caught their necks broke with surprising ease. I couldn't keep my eyes open though, the sounds were bad enough.

Now time for the lambs, luckily there were no adult sheep to protect them, unlike the cows that were shielding the few calfs that were there.

I crept up on one and picked it up by the leg, shorty before I swung it's body as hard as I could against the wall. It squealed and tried to kick me but it's legs were too broken to work. I stare at the thing whilst it fills the entire room with the screams. I lift up my leg ready to kick it's head in, as I had no other way to kill the poor thing.


I pushed the lambs face into the ground and closed my eyes before kicking it once in the back of the head. I felt the shatter of broken bones through my leg. Finally silence again.


I took this opportunity to rest, I fell asleep a few hours later along with some of the other animals.


I woke up to the sound of something scraping along the floor next to me. I took me a moment to realise that the kick that was meant to kill the lamb clearly did not. I look up and stare into a broken face, just blood, no eyes, every inch of it's white coat stained the same shade of red that flooded the asphalt once before.


This is when I realised that there was no way out. I couldn't kill another like that, it was just too much.


I picked up one of the chickens that I had killed earlier. I ripped it's wing off and snapped the bone to give it a sharp pointed tip.


I stuck this bone into the artery of my right arm, and pulled it downwards slicing the little tube open from my elbow to my wrist. All it took was five minutes. My last sight was the pigs lapping up the blood around me.

Now I'm awake once again. The same room. The same voice. The same wall.

The wall disappears, but this time the only animal standing there looking me in the eye was me.