They had waited all week for the storm to hit and now that it was here it was time. Carol and Jeff on the bottom two points of the pentagram. Thomas sat at the top with the ouiji board in front of him. "Hey guys? Aren't we supposed to hold hands or something for this part?"

Jeff and Carol looked at each other for a long moment and then turned to look at Thomas. Jeff shrugged. "Maybe. But it seems so Hollywood." Carol said light before adding, "Plus, all of us sitting on the pentagram points looks way cooler." 

Thomas shifted nervously, "But why do I have to have it?"

This time Carol shrugged and Jeff answered. 
"Dude? Seriously? Just get this over with and ask it a question." 

Thomas huffed and placed his hand on the planchette. Fine, he decided, guess I'm going first. Inwardly grinning, he started moving the planchette from letter to letter. C-a-n-I-l-e-a-v-e-? Out of the corner of his eye, he saw lightening fill the sky. Thinking it would be funny Thomas surged to his feet and bellowed in his deepest voice, "This is what I ask of you!" As the power cut out, the 'you' echoed into the darkness. A moment of silence passed. 

A candle flickered to light. Glowing red eyes met bewildered blue. Screaming and howling simultaneously caused the room to fall into darkness once more. Thomas screwed his eyes shut and braced himself for the claws he did not see but knew must exist to tear into him. When they didn't immediately, he opened one eye to the darkness. The room was a shocked stillness. Mentally shaking himself, he took a deep breath and asked, "Where am I and why am I here?". A whimper sounded to his left but was immediately muffled. Silence reined for several more seconds until Thomas put forth, "Well?" 

"We are sorry! We didn't know!" 

Thomas' eyes were adjusting and he turned toward the mass of darkness that spoke. "I didn't ask for an apology, I asked for an explanation." 

"Guys. He can see me. He turned towards me. What do I do?" She was panicking. 
"Stop shaking, if it can see you then it can see your weakness."
"It can't hurt you- we drew that barrier right? It shouldn't be able to cross"
Thomas allowed the back and forth to go on for sometime before he decided to interject, "Would you mind now answering my questions?" He took a step forward to the edge of the supposed barrier. Partly to frighten the speaker but also partly to see if the barrier was real. Before he could take another step, a voice to his right spoke quickly, "We summoned you, we didn't know it would work. And you are in the 5th level of hell." Thomas spun on his heel and strode toward the voice and crouched down as close to the barrier and the face of the new voice as possible. "Thank you. Now. Send. Me. Home." The whimpering started up again but Thomas felt no guilt reasoning he was just as scared as they were if not more since he was apparently caged into one space. 

A scramble activity ensued. A table was righted. Hushed voices whispered so softly, Thomas couldn't make out the words. A board clanked onto the table. Thomas smiled, pleased something was being done. A scraping noise was heard and then he was spinning into the darkness.