Anthony always had the hardest time with the children. All of them. The children he would meet after the long hike up north, and the children he was about to leave behind. His boys would suffer their second traumatic event in as many months. This one would be his fault. The possessions weren’t so hard to let go. It was just stuff. Rebuilding wealth wasn’t that hard at this point. The children were the hard part. The new children would be 5-year-old children, and he would be a man that remembers the sound of Leonardo da Vinci’s voice (gruff).

He had been the second to die, for the 8th time in a row. Margot was already alive again, and being adopted today according to the orphanage. She wouldn’t remember him. Nor would she remember their life, or their kids, or their secrets. Those were all on him, again. For the 8th time in a row. She always pulled this crap; dying first. Anthony had long since suspected that Margot TRIED to die first. He assumed she didn’t want to deal with the pain of loss. She didn’t want to have to remember the wreckage of a family she left behind. Anthony and their two sons had just buried her a couple of months ago, and now the boys would have to bury their father too. He may have been able to get her to confess to always trying to die first 500 years ago, but his memory from a time before then was gone. She told him he died in King Henry VIII’s battle of the Spurs. Margot erased his memory when he came back as a 5-year-old right there on the battlefield. She dropped him off with a family that would take good care of him, set up their estate for their remaining children, and then killed herself, only to also be reborn as a 5-year-old, but with no one to clear out her memories. They didn’t know many other red magic users back then. Why would they? Back then, even regular humans were hunting them. 

Footsteps creaking on the stairs shook Anthony out of his thoughts. It was time. He had already told the boys he was going down for a nap and he didn’t want to be disturbed. He slipped into the master bathroom just as there was a gentle rap on the lavish bedroom door. For some reason, Anthony felt a spike of adrenaline. He wasn’t afraid of death, so what was this fear that suddenly decided to pop up?

“Dad?”

“In the restroom.” he replied.

A second passed. 

“Are you ok?”

Anthony paused for a moment, then he kicked himself. Nate was too emotionally intelligent to miss a hesitation of that length. “I’m fine,” Anthony replied to his son, both knowing it was a lie.

“You don’t sound fine. Maybe we should talk about it. I’m sorry, I know we have a whole family taboo against talking about the dead, but this one’s different dad. This one’s mom.” The last word cracked. 

Anthony realized he was afraid of the tears. Hot and rolling down his face already. He was too damn old to cry. He had centuries of practice forcefully giving instructions to Soldiers and students, so he put on his best voice of authority and reassurance.   

“We’ll talk about it. Just not today. Today…today I’m going to rest. Today I need to rest. We’ll talk about it another day. I promise.” There. That should do it, he thought. Anthony pressed his eyes closed and waited. He wasn’t lying. He would talk to them about it one day, just not as their father.

“Ok dad.” Anthony was relieved to hear the smile in his voice. “I’m glad we’re finally going to talk it out. Tony, he….We’re both looking forward to this dad.”

“I know son. I love you.” More tears. He berated himself for using the three magic words on his son just to end a painful conversation.

“I love you too dad.” Anthony could swear he heard his son walk away a little lighter than before. 

He set to work with practiced movements. He took the Army toiletry bag out from under the bathroom counter, and pulled out the syringe. The heroin was already loaded. Anthony walked over to the Texas King size bed and shot up quickly. No point in delaying it anymore. The window was open. The bug out bag was hidden in the woods, and the bike for the naked 5-year-old to ride across their 40-acre property was propped against the brick wall right below the window. Tonight they would find his old body, while he camped in the forest. He tried to remember some spells to communicate with animals. Nothing sprang to mind. In the morning, Anthony planned on beginning his hike to Charlotte, where Margot’s new parents lived. He would need to get setup with a family in that area so he could keep an eye on her.

As the heroin began to take hold, his mind sliding away into an orgasmic dream, Anthony remembered that his 5-year-old body would be too short to reach the rope in the closet. He needed the rope to climb out the third story window. This new life was already off to a rough start. To make matters worse, Anthony wasn’t sure if he could hear footsteps approaching the bedroom or if he remembered to lock that door. 
