It happened again.

&#x200B;

"Doctor?"

I glance up from the chart. The feeling of the paper is normally so dry between my fingers that it causes some discomfort, but after a session like today it sticks a bloodcurdling scream you never see the source of. My eyes fall upon Gregory Thomas, a man who is 29 and weighs 143 pounds. Some of it comes from his big, bushy beard and some of it would come from his height if he ever decided to eat like any of my other patients. No, despite being five-eleven he's rail thin. Hazel eyes that stare with piercing alertness capture my gaze in a way that his thick framed glasses used to do for him. He has my full attention, but I can't bring myself to speak yet. The dryness of the paper has found its way into my throat.

"Doctor. How did it go?"

He means the surgery. Of course he does. I tilt my hand and peel my fingers from the page I was holding, letting it lazily settle onto the one I had been pretending to look at. I nicked the artery again. That's what it says there. I was trying as hard to avoid looking at it as I was him, but that wasn't something I could get away with now. I swallow, the feeling so thick that the air had become a ball which stretches every fiber of my throat. It leaves a coating at the back and still I cannot speak. I finally clear my throat, and just as Gregory opens his mouth again I smile and find my voice. "It went fine. The mass around your heart was removed, but you'll be walking out of here in no time. I can't tell you just how fortunate you are."

I'm the fortunate one. The staff at the hospital have taken to calling me "Four Leaf" from the number of times I've done something that should have killed a patient only for them to be sitting upright in the recovery room hours later. The board has been aching to get rid of me because they're sure I'm going to cost them dearly in insurance and lawsuits one day, but my record is spotless. I've never had anyone die on the table. My throat is cured, but the disease travels and I lick my lips in discomfort. I can't tear my eyes away from his because I see him for what he is. He terrifies me. Most of my patients do.

"Thank you, Doctor Clover. I really- I feel great. It's like I'm not in any pain at all. Like I could get up and walk out right now."

&#x200B;

My hand rises to silence him and I tear my held stare away to glance at the door. Nobody is out there, not a soul passing by the window. He's not due for follow-up care for another few minutes. I've got time. "Gregory, we need to have a talk. Some things about the way you're going to live from now on have to be different." He doesn't seem to follow, and the confusion that sets in grabs hold of me anew. "Doctor, I don't understand. I eat healthy. I exercise. I can't remember the last time I was sick. What needs to change?" Fuck. This never gets any easier.

"Gregory, you're a polite young man and you have a bright future ahead of you. This may seem to be hard to talk about, but you may need to find a career that involves working at night. You also may want to consider one where you work alone." The confusion deepens. He doesn't get it. Of course he doesn't get it. Nobody would. It's why you always play these games when you explain the lifestyle changes that have to come with- I. I always play these games. I have to remember to own it. "Gregory, I'm going to be perfectly frank with you and I need you to listen to me carefully. You... aren't alive." He balks. His eyes dart around the room and provide me a little comfort and relief. I can look out the window at the sun blasting the broad swath of downtown Miami. It's never like the advertisements say. It's all concrete and steel and glass. The beaches and palm trees for tourists are so far removed from here. All you feel is heat and moisture and grime.

The sudden laughter makes me jump clear out of my skin. I shoot my gaze back at Gregory, who is holding himself as he shakes from amusement. "Oh, that's funny. Next you're going to tell me I'm in heaven and that you're actually the angel who's going to introduce me to Saint Peter, right?" I slowly shake my head. "Grego- Mr. Thomas. I'm being completely serious with you. You did not survive the surgery. You bled out." My heart is pounding. That's far more than I can say for Gregory Thomas as he loses all hints of mirth. He can't grasp it again. I've got to lay it out. "I'm... not just a Doctor, Gregory. My father was one, so naturally I wanted to follow in his footsteps. He was never really home though, so I grew up in the care of my mother. She taught me everything she knew, you see. How to meditate. Tap into the raw power that scintillates just beyond the perception of the layman. She taught me to bind flesh and mend bone. The only problem is that you can't do that to the living. Not easily, anyway. It takes a lot of power and a lot of, well..." I've lost him completely.

"The dead mend easier." Gregory shifts to climb out of bed and his body obeys him unquestioningly. He's nimble. Quick. Strong. "You're telling me I'm some kind of walking dead person? That's no sick joke or weird doctor-y terminology?" I shake my head a little. Almost imperceptibly. His eyes track the motion anyway. I knew they would. "You're literally undead. A Ghoul, to be specific." He doesn't get it. Again. "Ghouls are created by animating the body of one who has practiced cannibalism." Now there's anger. He raises his hand and yells, and his voice is full of fury and tension. He points, gesticulating wildly and furiously. I have lost my smile. It was a pretense anyway.

&#x200B;

Gregory Thomas runs out of things to yell very quickly. He's a man who doesn't have reason to get that angry often, if ever. He doesn't know what to say or how to say it. "Despite what you say, you *are* a cannibal. Everyone is, whether they intended to or not. Sooner or later you've eaten enough nails, sucked enough cut fingers, or swallowed enough dead skin and hair to qualify. I'm really not sure where or what the cutoff is myself, but I've seen people as young as seventeen qualify." He shakes his head. "Doctor... what the hell." I walk over to him and despite the terror pulling at me I pat him on the shoulder reassuringly. His skin feels lukewarm, but it will continue to cool with time. "Mr. Thomas, I'm going to continue to be frank with you. You're going to experience hunger. A hunger you can't sate with the food of the living. Not any more. You're going to desire flesh. Fortunately for you, you know me. I'm going to help you, Mr. Thomas."

He looks at me with uncertain yet pleading eyes. He doesn't want it to be true. It is. "You're going to have to come by the hospital once a week to get something to eat. It doesn't have to be alive, but it has to be somewhat fresh. We can't have you going half-crazed due to starvation... and attacking someone you care about." That always gets their attention. It gets his. He's realizing the situation and gravity claims his body. He sits forcefully on the bed and stares through me for a second time. "You're... serious." I have to nod, so I do. Strangely, guiding him through this is actually helping push the guilt down. I'm getting better at that.

"You won't age, but you will become pale. You'll find that everything seems easier to do. So if you need to make good money, working a labor job at night is a way to go. You won't actually need to sleep either, but you can." I begin to elucidate, explaining the ins and outs of being undead. Gregory Thomas acquiesces with a defeated air, acknowledging with barely a whispered word or half-involved gesture. Then the wristwatch strapped to my left arm begins to beep incessantly and I turn my hand over to look at it. "Is it that time already? I have to go attend to my one o'clock. You're going to stay here for a couple of days Mr. Thomas, then I'll take the sutures out and we'll leave that scar. I'll slowly fade it as you come by on your once a week. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to head down to the morgue."