Sam- my dad is like any other normal dad. Except for this one thing. I have seen my dad polish his Gatling gun every now and then. Almost religiously, with a lot of care. I just assumed it was his thing you know. Some alone time...just like how he likes working out in the basement. I assumed his time in the Special OPS might have made these a habit for him. Back then I was just a kid.

But this continued even now. In recent times though it felt more like he was getting prepared for something. Something big. he has been working out more lately and seemed more buffed than ever. He used to murmur a poem, possibly a song during his workouts, which had a constant rhythm to it. Last month was the first time I heard that aloud...

I was home that evening, listening to FM. Dad was there on the couch, watching the TV. Everything was going just like any other day when suddenly, there was an emergency broadcast on the TV. Broadcast message said that the people should stay indoors and **never** look outside. Almost immediately the radio I was listening to, was broadcasting that people evacuate immediately and head to high ground. I looked at my dad, he was lighting up his cigar, walked up to me and pulled my earphones and asked me to stay put in the house. He headed over to the music system that we have and played a heavy metal music and he sang this song aloud. it goes like this:

    You'll take my life but I'll take yours too
    You'll fire your musket but I'll run you through
    So when you're waiting for the next attack
    You'd better stand there's no turning back

He took his Gatling gun, started loading it while still puffing the cigar. He gave me a look after he was done loading. Told me 'They are here ' and then then shut the door behind him. I've never seen him so serious.

I looked out the window and saw what looked like a beheaded man running towards him with a bomb in each of its hand.At first there was one, then there were hoards of them - screaming and running towards my dad. My dad started firing the Gatling gun.

The metal music still going loud in my house just added to the adrenaline that I was experiencing.

>If you are reading this, I want you to know that since the first encounter on 22nd Feb 2060,  I have have started tracking down the last of the Sirians and my dad has already entered the Time-Lock. You can find me near the Sacred Yard.