“Jeremy, sit down!” 

I yelled out over the raucous laughter of my tenth-grade class. One of my pupils had just thrown a paper ball at the class nerd. Well, I really shouldn’t call him a nerd, after all, I am one myself. Today had started out like any other day. The school season was on the wind down for summer break, and the kids were antsy to be out of class. Lord, so was I.

My name is Joseph, and I’ve been a history teacher for the Datsun High Academy for near on thirty years (this August). I very much enjoy my work but can honestly say I never really thought of it as my career. Originally, the plan had been to graduate with my postdoc and go on to become a theologist. Things… didn’t work out that way.

During the second year of my Master’s studies, I was in a car accident. The wreck left me comatose for several days, and when I awoke, I was paralyzed from the waist down. Many things, including my aspiring career in paleotheology went to shit. The despair and misery I went through led me down paths that I dare not revisit. In the end, I was able to come to grips with my new life and decided that I had to re-engage with society, or I would drown in self-pity and sorrow. So, I became a teacher.

“Mr. Bakerson, can we leave early today?” 

Tommy, one of the quieter students in my current class asked. Looking at the clock, I noted that there were only five more minutes left before the bell rang (mine was the last period of the day). Normally, I wouldn’t allow them to leave before the bell, but this was the last day of school, so what the shit.

“Alright, everyone’s free to go.” I pronounced.

“HURRAY!” 

All the students began to pack up and head out the door. I, on the other hand, began to wheel myself around, straightening up the class, and getting everything ready for close. 

“Mr. Bakerson, can I ask you a question?”

Looking up from the pile of paperwork I was straightening, I noticed that Alice, a blond blue-eyed girl who graded at the top of the class was still present.

“Hello Alice, sure, but aren’t you going to miss your friends?”

“Thanks, Mr. Bakerson, Nah, I told them I’d catch up. So, during class a few days ago, you mentioned the church was a major player during history, and they’re the reason we follow the Pope as holy leader of the New America Republic. It’s like all of history leans on that single decision Pope Leo had renouncing indulgences that the modern world even exists today. Are there any other interesting pivot points like this you can point me to, I really like reading about them!” Alice excitedly asked.

‘Holy… what a geek. Was I ever this into history? Summer break is here, and this girl want’s more things to study during the break. Whatever, I can just make something up.’ Quickly looking around, I saw that the blackboard’s eraser was made by a local shop called Gutenberg.

“Why..uh, yeah. You should check out Gutenberg’s printer, without his influence the modern world in its current form couldn’t exist.” I said, holding up a stack of printed paper.

“Thanks, Mr. Bakerson! I will. Have a good summer.” Alice exclaimed, then rushed out the door.

‘Gutenberg…HAH, as if. I honestly don’t even remember who invited printing. Likely it wasn’t a single person, but whatever.’

After straightening up the class, I wheeled myself out and closed the door. Time to head to the staff union for Friday night drinks and ‘…where the hell am I?’ Looking around, I found myself in a completely different school, my door looks…similar, but the school is definitely not mine. For one thing, there are actual glass windows at the end of the hall. For another, there’s a hall.

Rubbing my eyes, I take a deep breath, and open them again…yep, I am still in a strange hallway. ‘What the….okay, okay, I’m just going to go back into class and come back out, maybe I’m hallucinating…can you have delayed brain damage?’

Opening my door, I wheel myself back into the class…except this isn’t my class. In fact, there’s pictures of strange men on the wall, and a weird flag with red and white stripes in the corner. ‘What the hell is going on?!’

“Oi, Mr. Bakerson, glad you still here, I left my backpack, can I get it bro?” Jeremy, the disorderly pupil from earlier asked, poking his head in through the door.

“Uh..yeah..sure.” I respond, still not sure what is going on.

“Thanks teach, you have a good summer.” Jeremy said, grabbing a black bag from beside a desk and rushing out the door. In completely different clothes than the last time I saw him.

Looking around the room, everything, and I mean, everything was different. There was a strange flag smooth window thing on the front desk. The wall had a white sheet with what looked like felt ink dispensers (I got some on my hands when investigating). But most amazing of all. There were magical lights that illuminated the entire room. Oddly, controlled by a single switch. 

“What in the son’s name is going on?!” I uttered, completely baffled by where I was.

‘Okay Joseph, get a grip, there’s got to be a logical and sensible reason for what is going on. Think, what were you doing before this happened.

Class was let out.

I started to clean up.

Alice asked me a geeky question.

I left the class…and…poof, here I am.’

Slumped in my chair, I put my head in my hands and started to hyperventilate. ‘Get a grip. Get a grip. Get a grip.’ Looking around again, I tried to see if anything in this strange otherworldly dungeon could answer what was going on.

‘THERE

No, not possible.

It can’t be.’

Written plain as day on a slightly banged up glossy picture was the name Johannes Gutenberg, inventor of the printing press. Behind the text was a black and white painting of a bearded man in a strange fur hat.

‘That…that…what?!’

I wheeled over to the picture and ripped it off the wall. It seemed to be some kind of high quality glossed paper, and the inking was very well done…inhuman really. But the picture’s content, I’ve been teaching for decades, and I have NEVER heard of this Johannes Gutenberg. ‘Okay Joseph, things are getting out of hand. Maybe you have got some kind of delayed onset brain damage.’ I mock myself internally. 

‘If…if I can change this…maybe…’ I look down at my legs, and (crossing my fingers) say “I was never in a car accident.”

.

.

.

Nothing happened, ‘well, what did you expect.’ I reach down to wheel myself over to the front desk and notice something very odd. Well more odd than everything else I’ve experienced thus far. The wheelchair, well… it has no wheels.

“No way, no way, NO WAY.”

I try and wiggle my toes…they move.

“NO WAY.”

I try and stand up…I do.

“NO WAY.”

I begin to dance around the strange dungeon of a classroom manically laughing while jumping around like a madman.

“I cannot believe this!”

\*

“So, what do you think happened to him?” Jeremy asked Alice who was reading a strange book about some Gutenberg geek. She was into that kind of stuff. He didn’t mind though, it made her hotter. He always dug nerdy girls.

“Hmm…oh, you mean Mr. Bakerson? From what the other teachers say, he was found lying face down in the middle of the classroom drooling. They think he had a stroke or something…poor guy, he was one of my favorite teachers too. He’s the one who told me to read up on Gutenberg.”