"It's over, Michael", I called out over the roar of thunder and the crashing downpour. "It's time."

He faced away, hands in his pockets, slouching defeated. "Did I ever tell you about the lobstermans mother?", he said without turning, "That lady from maine?"  

I pulled my coat up over my head for a little relief. He hadn't told me, and if he wanted to he should have the chance; especially now. He kicked his toe into a puddle languidly and looked up at the one street lamp that still gave light. Power grids around the world had been off for weeks by now, this lamp was lit simply by his presence; it flickered, and was dim. 

"Her son, Davey, a good boy... hard worker... strong hands took close care of his mum. Had a hard trip and a light haul some years back. Played the gambit, stayed out a spell late in the season. Met with weather and never made port. Do you remember him, Thomas?"

I didn't. It wasn't a joyful task, to bring suffering to humanity. Despite the many grim portrayals that live in the fiction of men I was not manifest evil. "with life is death, brother. You've lost so much. I'm sorry." I was, truly.

"I visited her, when she fell ill. I visited so many sick, so many dying. I tried to bring them peace. As many as I could. I'm but one man. Do you know what I learned from her Thomas?"

"About loss? about losing?" I didn't know, but I wanted to. The storm swelled, but the sound of it seemed to fade away as he turned to face me. 

"About my purpose." There was mix of grief and frustration in his face; an anger born of sadness. "I love you, brother. I have always loved you and I do not envy your station." He stared into me, his eyes like hands grabbing at my soul. 

"Michael," I could see something happening within him. His posture, his expression, nothing specific, but something rose up inside him now. He pulled his right hand from his pocket, and in it a pistol. "Michael."

"with life is death, brother." The pistol comes up, levels with my face, a flash of light and sound and nothing. 