"So Laddie, He's only served us four?" Sheogorath ased curiously. "Yeah, Suppose it's pretty boring for The Dragonborn." Sanguine replied. "Who has the right for his soul?" Hercine asked. Azura sighed "The Dragonborn was a devote worshipper of me, his soul has the right to roam freely in Moonshadow." Sheogorath laughed "If he loved ya so much lass why didn't he move there while he was still kickin'?" Azura looked unhappy "Apparently his wife didn't want to move to a Daedric realm even though he wanted to." Sanguine smiled "You know you have ignorance of Daedra when you hate the Kingdom of Wayrest but you attempt to move to Oblivion, Why did Bonum Hate Wayrest anyway?" Hircine looked perplexed "That's a good questio-" The door was slammed open and an Obesese Breton walked in "Listen here Chowder-Heads, You've got it all wrong." 


Sheogorath looked confused "And you are." The Breton laughed loudly "/u/MKirkbride". Azura sighed "Ok Kirkbride, why're we wrong." Kirkbride got angry "The Dragonborn isn't an Imperial named Bonum you Chowder-Heads, and HE isn't married to Camilla Valerius AND HE ISN'T FROM DAGGERFALL." Sheogorath laughed "Accordin't to his diary he is." Kirkbride looked at the Mad God "Oh, a comedian, listen Joker, what race was the Eternial Champion?" Sheo Laughed "Altmer, He became a high chancellor for Uriel Septim." Kirkbride got more angry "The Agent?" Sheo smiled "She was a Kajhiit." Kirkbrides face got red "Nerevarine.." Sheo looked smug "Bosmer."


 Kirkbride was full of rage "T-The hero of Kvat-" Sheo gave a malicious smile "Imperial laddie, I know because I'm him." Kirkbride screemed "THE GREYMARCH WAS JUST A PRANK AND JYGGALAG ISN'T REAL YOU CASU-EL." Hercine stud up "You forgot the forgotten her-." 


Kirkbride lunged at Hercine "THE INTERREGNUM NEVER HAPPENED!" Sanguine looked shocked "You can't just deny history." Kirkbride smiled "I can in My c0da."  Kirkbride assembles a spear from the bones of his armor and charges at Sanguine. Sanguine jumps up but Muatra stabs him, pinning his body too the wall."



 Azura started to cry "NO, I LOVED HIM!" Kirkbride laughed again "We're married in Canon." Hercine got up and jumped in-front of Kirkbride as he charged at Azura, Killing Him too, Sheogorath grabbed at knife and stabbed at Kirkbride, causing him to fall out of the window."


 Azura cried "My only love is dead." Sheo smiled "Hey know, It's ok. Bonum's soul is yours." Azura smiled "Thanks Sheo." And he walked out of the door with the Dragonborn's soul in a jar. Sheogorath picked up a book that Kirkbride dropped. "Hmm, C0DA? Looks good."