Dear POTUS,

The future is amazing. After peace was brought to the Middle East, all the major nations of the world decided that war was terrible (gee, what a surprise). It took us thousands of years, but humanity finally realized just how much we could do when we didn’t have to worry about our neighbor attacking us all the time. Technology advanced several of your generations per year.

Possibly our greatest discovery was time travel. Now, to be clear, it’s not the same as time travel in science fiction. It’s more like recreating the past than actually travelling to it. There are no consequences from our interactions with the past. For example, I’ve personally spoken with many of the iconic figures across history. Arthur Pendragon (oh yeah, he was real. Merlin’s a myth though), Leonardo Da Vinci, Albert Einstein; the list goes on.

But none of them will have documented the conversations, because those conversations never actually happened. That’s not to say I’m talking to clones or anything. They’re the real deal. But I’m kind of like a ghost in the past. I can interact with it and everything, but it won’t affect what really happened. Confusing, I know.

Anyway, once we learned there wouldn’t be any consequences from our little escapades into the past, we decided to take full advantage of it. We spoke with the greatest minds across history, gaining valuable insight into various subjects. Did you know there’s evidence of life on Juno 12? Wait, I forgot, you haven’t discovered that yet, have you? Well, it’s a planet in the Alpha Centauri system. Pretty close by, relatively speaking.

The point is, new things are being discovered every day. But as technology and culture advanced, one field in particular began to suffer. Sports. I mean, who wants to watch a bunch of people toss a ball around when you can have a conversation with Galileo? Fortunately, someone had the idea to make time sports. A lot of them are pretty morose, like who can survive the longest during the Bubonic Plague. There are peaceful ones too, though. Like trying to beat Capablanca at chess, or convincing Socrates that democracy is successful in the future. But the most popular time sport is the very first thing we tried to do with time travel in the first place. Killing Hitler.

Now, even though going back in time and killing people doesn’t actually result in their death, there are some pretty strict regulations. Basically, any crime that would get you on the news in the present day, you shouldn’t do when time traveling. So, like, you can steal an apple or something, but stealing the Mona Lisa is a big no-no. Same with rape and murder. Oh, and you can’t do illicit drugs, even if they were legal at the time you’re traveling to. Thing is, even if we can’t affect history, history affects us. We still remember our experiences when time traveling, and so do our bodies. So if you get addicted to cocaine in 1905, you’ll still be addicted when you come back.

But there are a few exceptions. Murdering Hitler is one of them. As it happens, I’m the current world champion Hitler-killer. Last year I broke the all-time record with 50,193 points. The reason we use big numbers like that is because there are so many different factors being judged that a 1-10 scale just isn’t enough. I could go through a list of the factors, but it can basically be summed up by how entertaining it is for people to watch.

The champion before me got a score of 45,296 by having him and Joseph Stalin fight to the death, with the winner being told he would have the whole world as his prize. Hitler barely managed to win, and he got his prize. Except in order to see it, he was teleported into outer space. Whoops, guess we forgot to give him a space suit. Oh well.

I managed to top that by putting him at the front of an enormous maze, and telling him that at the end of it was the Holy Grail. The maze was really complex and dangerous. He got bitten, clawed, poisoned, set on fire, nearly drowned, electrocuted, and stabbed. But he somehow managed to crawl pathetically into the final chamber. You have to admit, he’s determined.

Of course, there was no grail at the end. Instead, there was an enormous crowd of people watching him crawl onto a stage in an amphitheater. They all broke into raucous laughter at the sight of him. He tried to shout at them, demanding to know why they mocked him, and where was the Holy Grail? One of them climbed up onto the stage and held up his hands for silence.

“Alright everybody, the Führer wants to know why we mock him. Shall we show him?”

The crowd responded with a resounding “YES!” As one, they all lifted up the signs at their feet, together forming the swastika of Nazi Germany. Then, also as one, they turned over the signs, forming a yellow Star of David on a black background. The man on the stage turned to glare at the charred and bloody form of Adolf Hitler. His face fell in distress, and the most reviled man in human history began to weep. Only then did I finally put him out of his misery.

I’ll admit, I took a fair amount of savage pleasure seeing the infamous dictator brought down. But thinking back on it, I still changed nothing. The Holocaust still happened. The world still suffered. So I began to research. While everyone else was playing their games, I looked for ways to *really* time travel, to go back in time and change history.

It took 10 months (which is a long time on our standards), but I finally did it. Unfortunately, there’s a limit. I can only send something back that is 0.5 kilograms or less, and even then the maximum amount of time I can send them is around 60 years or so. But it’s enough. It’s a funny feeling, realizing that I’m responsible for the way the world is now. I know now that this was my real destiny, rather than being a professional Hitler-killer.

In the envelope this letter was in is a small flash drive. It should fit into a computer of your time. Inside is an excerpt from one of our history textbooks, detailing the events that led up to peace in the Middle East and, ultimately, the world. I am sending this from the oval office in the White House, so it should arrive in the same location on January 1st, 2020. If you act according to what you read in the flash drive, the world will finally know peace, and you will be remembered as the greatest President to have ever lived.

Thank you,
Dwight Michaels