It's time to find a new bench.

I've been sitting on mine for 200 years, but at long last my grandkids' grandkids' grandkids have run me out of town. It didn't used to be like this. 

"They say that phrases like that are signs it's time for you to leave."

That's what Xtina, the bratty 14-year-old, said to me when I said that times had changed. She speaks only in emojis, except to me. 

"I don't even remember how to speak English out loud anymore!" All she does is complain when her grandparents force her to come visit me. But what shocks me is that they seem to find me more annoying than her. 

"Gramps, we love you but this is getting old. Do you even enjoy anything anymore?" 

Sean blurted this out after my 200th birthday. That one was tough for everyone socially. People don't respect those who don't have the dignity to live a good life, then die. 

"I like sitting on this bench. I watch people. Listen to podcasts."

"Listen to what??? Ugh.. you're so like gross and post-mortem. Just do it already!"

"Xtina!!" I could hear the disdain in Laura's voice. I looked up at my great-great-great-great grand-daughter with hope. She refused to meet my gaze and spoke to Xtina instead. "I mean don't be rude, honey. We all think it's time for Grandpa to go, but we need to remind him that this is what he wants." 

"Hmpph," Sean rolled his eyes. My hands went instinctively to my Navy medal. I rolled the pointed ends across my fingertips. 

"Do I need to remind you, son..." I started in. 

"Nope! You don't. We know you were in the Navy. They don't even have that anymore. Geez, like someone would go fight in a war themselves? Why do you think we have avatars?" 

"Those avatars are connected to real people in other countries! You're killing real people!" 

"There he goes with the conspiracy theories." Laura shrugged. 

I stared at my loafers.

"I just don't feel like I've lived my purpose yet..." 

"Don't try that again." Sean's garish plastic shoes were next to mine now. "We know that's not true. You've done a lot."

"I mean, it sort of is true though!" All three of them looked indignant. "Really! I don't feel like I've lived my purpose. The thing is... I'm just not sure everyone has one. We tell ourselves we do, but I've drifted through enough lifetimes to know, I think for most people that's just a fantasy. I may not have a purpose, but I just want to ... keep existing. I'm not ready to give it up yet."

"That's not a good enough reason!!!" Xtina erupted. "I'm thinking of killing myself this year, that's how much I've accomplished! Do you know how it looks for us, who are all looking at early deaths, to have you hanging over our heads?! Get on with it!" 

Laura and Sean slowly nodded in affirmation. 

"Well, if that's how you really feel," I reached a hand in my pocket, gripping the ancient handle of a Colt .45. "Then don't wait up for me." 

---

*CC welcome!* | *Read more at /r/GoldenGirlC5*