It was a worldwide wipe.

Nobody knew what happened, no goverment, no electronical device.

Everybody of course did check, petrol stations checked, places in the middle of nowhere checked, military bases checked. Nobody remembered what happened the night of the 21st of September.

Some claimed it was all the goverment's doing, some resulted to aliens, some even to religion.

There were millions of people who claimed that they knew the answer, but everybody knew deep down that nobody would probably ever find out.

Until exactly one year had passed. Most people already forgot about the incident at that point, but obviously people started remembering when the 21st of September struck. Everyone was prepared. Everyone had all sorts of devices hooked up and ready to go.

There were online livestreams where a clock would countdown, there were people who showed the world their houses, just so people could notice if anything had moved the night afterwards.

And then it happened again.

But, this time we were prepared.

Someone put a analog camera with a near infinite amount of film ready, and guess what.

They recorded it.

And everybody was awestruck.

There were people... dancing... On a loop for atleast 5 hours.

They were dancing in the sky, singing about the 21st of September.

&#x200B;

Not even a day after we found the recording, earthquakes happened around the world. Huge earthquakes. Even in places were earthquakes had never happened before. Scientists tried to find out why, but to no avail.

Then massive winds started forming. Tornadoes formed every other second. It felt as if the gods from above had finally condemned our actions. Some thought that it was all climate change, or something of the sort. But that was quickly disproven. Goverments tried to atleast create mass graves, but even that was impossible because of the tornadoes.

Not another day had passed and fires started across the world. And when I say fires, I mean FIRES. Forests were burning away every other hour. Nobody could stop them. They were massive. Strangely they weren't affacted by the winds or the earthquakes, they just stayed there. Some even floating in the air...

Most goverments already started hiding away in bunkers. 

After a week most forests had already burned away.

All people who didn't have a bunker at that point died. Miserably. 