"You want me to do what?" 

The question didn’t come as a surprise to me, this wasn't how I expected my day to go either. Far from being one of the 'coffee and paperwork' days I usually go through. 

"Mr. Mathers..." 

"First off, you said aliens, right? Are these the 'jump out of your chest and bite your face off' aliens, or are they more...chill?" 

As I explained the situation once again, I marveled at sheer absurdity of my job. Usually, I was phoning celebrities to ask for their attendance at large events, to sing at the super bowl or similar events. Funnily enough, very few musicians wanted to perform for aliens.  

"...anyways, Mr. Mathers, it has been requested that our history as a species be presented to the...visitor, in a series of five or less songs. Minuets, to be specific. To be completely honest you were nearly last on the list of possibilities, but we've reached a point where we have to ask. Will you perform minuets about our world history for the aliens?" 

"Did you ever consider, I don’t know, a classical musician? Or a ballerina, or something? I don’t know if you realize, lady, but I'm not really performing minuets on a daily basis." 

"The instrumentalists asked were mainly concerned for the safety of their instruments. Apparently violins and slime don't get along." 

"Look, I'll figure something out," he eventually sighed. "Don’t get your hopes up too much, but I'll give it a try." 

"You only have one shot, Mr. Mathers. I'll see you this afternoon. Our world, and their world, are watching." 

~~~ 

Three hours later, in the same oversized t-shirt, he stood in a slightly dingy boardroom across the table from the alien. As I, a few security guards, and a cameraman watched, he hiked up his jeans and sat at the small keyboard that had been hastily set up. 

 The past few hours had been filled with consultations about the best and worst parts of human history, what should be conveyed or left out, as well as broad questions about the aliens' understanding of music or emotion.  

As Eminem began to play, all eyes were on the alien, hoping that extraterrestrial body language was similar enough to that of humans that we would be able to gauge the reaction. My heart was beating into my throat as this point, as the musical tale being told skimmed over geologic history, the beginning of life, and pre-human evolution in one short and slow minuet, the ancient civilizations and scientific findings wrapped up in another before modern history and wars. As the final notes of the fourth minuet rang out, we waited, palms sweaty and knees weak, with bated breath, for the last minuet. 

Looking calm and ready, he dropped his fingers to the keys once again. This minuet was the future. The aliens seemed to want to learn about us as a species, it was only fair that they see our drive to make advancements and to improve scientifically. We also hoped it would keep them from wiping us out, in case that was their intent.  

It was over. Eminem stood up slowly and joined us near the door. 
 
"Now what?" He whispered to the nearest security person.  

"Stay there," she responded. "We have to wait for a response or something." 

Finally, the alien spoke. Grunted. Made some unintelligible noises. The translation systems kicked in and a computerized male voice rang out. 

"That was much longer than five minutes."