That was not unusual. In the year of 2125, although it has been transferred via air, we still experience electricity cuts. Mom told me to get beverage from the kitchen, and snap, the lights gone! In pitch dark, as I do usually, I cracked my knuckles to find my way around, thinking “damn these fingers glow like a candle” and headed back to the dinner table. Mom said; “You should not do that, it is bad for your joints.” I responded wryly “Oh please mom.”

If it is not for genetical selective process she has participated, I would not have this ability. I mean I was not even “born” in the traditional sense. People participate in polls, select features, give orders. We are then bred in labs and one day we are at their door, delivered by a robot. 

She was not amused at my sly response, as she knows the argument well that I always put forward. “Don’t belittle me, son! You would not want to have those other shiny features. Who wants fly like an idiot in the age of molecular transport?” She gets whimsical! “Why do not you tell me you do not have enough credit, mom.” 

She is now mute. Obviously, I struck the wrong chord. We continued to our dinner silently.

Credit system were developed nearly 70 years ago, after the Big War, when the World government obliterated all forms of physical artefacts used for monetary exchange. Nonetheless, with a little twist. The database system that were developed back then was fundamentally flawed. Maybe that flaw was intentional. People now are the database entities loaded with credits and credit transfer from past generations was severely limited for the sake of equalization. This was good at first, but then understood, an underlying AI mechanism, which has been feeding people's credits, was working on the basis of “use value”. If you have beautiful, skillful, intelligent, athletic ancestors your use value is disproportionally high. And the system started giving bonuses to those people’s offsprings,innovated with new developments in genetical science, which was called as “super powers” 200 years ago. Mind reading, jumping 200 metres high, ultra sex performance etc. The list covers around 100 “enhancers”.

Basically, people now are currencies, or credit cards with bonuses. To get things, you basically approach them. Holographically you are informed on the spot, whether you are able to get it or not. Me? I do not even bother to approach luxurious things.

And cracking your knuckles to emit light? That is shamefully at the bottom of enhancers’ list. Below that, there is only of “farting incestuously” or “spitting 5ms long”. Such a shame. My poor mom only was able to gather this poor feature for me.

I kissed her. She looked lovingly at me. Emotions still has no use value. Luckily.  

