She'd never experienced true silence before. 

But one day she woke up in an empty room. She couldn't remember where she'd been before that. Maybe she'd always been there. But all she knew was that she couldn't speak. She tried, but nothing came out. She tried until her throat hurt, but nothing came out. She tried to whistle, clap, she tried to hear her heartbeat. She felt all of it but heard none of it. Whatever had been done to her took away her ability to hear. But she had to have been able to hear at some point, because in her mind she remembered sound. She remembered music and laughter and crying. 

But she couldn't hear it. She heard nothing. 

Not long after that, the hallucinations started.

She would see little bugs crawling in the corner, and she would try to get near them to see if they made sound, but as soon as she would near them, they'd disappear into the walls. 

The hallucinations slowly got larger and more vivid. Mice would creep around her feet, and dogs would curl around her while she slept. But the mice turned into rats and the dogs turned into wolves as time went by, and her hallucinations grew more terrifying by the day. Ghastly figures would linger in corners for hours, days, weeks even. Not that she could really even keep track of time. Her hair grew long and thick, until tiny snake heads appeared. Her nails grew long and turned into charred wood, and spiders made webs she never could touch. 

One day, a new hallucination appeared. A tall figure, cloaked in all black. It kept its face hidden, but showed off a large set of dirty feathery wings. She stayed in the corner, more afraid of it than any other hallucination. 

For what felt like years it stood in the middle of the room. Then it walked over to her, knelt down, and took off its hood. She had no words to describe what its face looked like. It reached out to her, and she felt it touch her. It wasn't a hallucination. Then, it looked her in the eyes, and suddenly it felt like her brain had been hit with a tidal wave. Her body shook from the force. The creature realized she hadn't understood them. And so it spoke once again, in words they knew she could hear. 

"Fuck destiny, I'm getting you out of here."