I walked right into the boss’s room one Friday. I was feeling a promotion.

The boss, a middle-aged, thick salt-n-peppered hair-having, 6 foot and slender man looked at me with unease, but confidence.

*Mr. Roppo, what are you doing here?*

I looked at him. Mr. Linzinski, the man who wasn’t a bad boss, but was definitely not a good boss. 

“I want a promotion. In fact, I want your desk.”

He looked at me surprise and with frustration. I could tell he resented me, hated me. I used to be one of his prized workers, quiet, hard-working, and too afraid to ask for what I want. Of course, all that changed a week ago when I talked to this magic fellow. Goddamned fire went off in the break room, giving me a light burn on my left hand. I still got no punishment whatsoever.. uncanny, right?

“I’m afraid I can’t give you my desk, what’s wrong with your desk?” He finally spit out.

He seemed to be unable to say what he wanted to say. It looked as if his head might explode, like a ballon. 

“Go ahead, fire me. A good boss should be able to discipline  their employees, and eliminate those who overstep the line. However.. If you think you can’t do it, then that means you’re not a good boss, and your job should be mine.” I smirked. 

As much as I actually respected this man, I couldn’t bring myself to feel remorse, after getting only two pay increases after working with the company for 10 years.

He looked as if he might cry now, but he stood up, and held out his hand.

“My whole life.. I’ve prided myself on my ability to dominate, take the lead. I’ve never had a problem doing what I had to do to get to where I’m at. However, whenever I talk to you.. I can’t help but feel defeated, overwhelmed. You’ve been under my leadership for many years.. but now I think it’s time you take my seat.” 

He looked surprised as he said it, but confident nonetheless. 

“You’ll be my advisor from now on” I barked out in a demanding tone.

“That would be an honor, sir.” 

“The first order of business, is go get me a coffee. And send Barbara in here, I’ve got to have a word with her.”

“Yessir.”

Barbara was a bitch, a beautiful, sexy, dominating, yet absolutely awful woman whom gave you a macabre sense when she’d look you in the eyes. I vowed if I ever had a say, I’d fire her so I’d never have to see those piercing brown eyes again. 

A moment passes, and she walks in.

Before I can even speak, she cuts me off. “Hello.. Don. I’m surprised to see you in here.. Playing boss for the day? “ She smiled and cocked her head a little bit to the left, here Pulp Fiction-Uma Thurman style haircut barely changing in form. She had her left hand on her hip. 

I began to smile, so excited to finally be rid of this woman who simultaneously drove me mad, but intrigued me nonetheless. 

As I felt the flames grow in the pit of stomach, and euphoria behind my eyes, I choked on my words. I tried to fire her, but I couldn’t say it. I decided I’d change up what I’m saying, and I tried the ol’ *we’re letting you go,* but nothing would come out. I could feel my aura change, and hers increase in power.

She looked at my startled face, smiled once again, and raised her right eyebrow.

“Was there something you needed to tell me, boss?” 
