“Turn the lock the other way, you absolute dolt.”

Lance, or Prince “Charming” as he liked to be called, turned to me, fuming. “There’s no need to berate me, okay? I’m trying my best.”

“Have you tried doing better?” I chimed snarkily.

“Shut up,” he replied, and looped up the bag containing me.  Dear lord, I thought. Is this really who I was destined to work with? Some entitled idiot trying to quest his way through the world, who clearly was completely unprepared for any sort of challenge?

“You can still hear me through the fabric, you know.”

Lance struggled with the lock and tried to ignore me. I could hear him desperately trying to twist the lock to the side. 

“Push the key in some more, and turn the lock the other way.”

Lance struggled a bit more, then sighed. After a few more seconds, I heard the door click open. 

“Can I come out now?”

Reluctantly, Lance loosened the bag and took me out. Hooking me onto his leather belt, he tightened the bag and tied the bag back to his belt. I frowned.

“Can you not have that bag next to me? I feel patronized. I’m a master wizard who you just incapacitated with like…a little bit of black fabric. Seriously.”

“Can you shut up?,” he whisper-hissed back at me. “I’m trying to sneak so I can get the element of surprise on this guy.”

“I can just cast a spell and kill him.”

Lance looked taken aback. “Where’s the honor in that?”

I looked back at him with my sockets. “Who needs honor when you get treasure?”

He scowled at me. “Just shut it.”

Drawing his short sword, Lance tried to be sneaky. Through the door was a massive hallway, with a row of pillars on either side. A long red carpet led from the door up to a massive throne. On the throne sat a colossal ogre, draped with a red velvet cloak around his neck, and a tiny little crown embedded with rubies. Lance dropped to a crouch.

“I think he’s already seen you,” I whispered to him from the belt.

“Don’t be ridiculous, he’s asleep.”

“Then why are you sneaking?”

Lance considered this, then stood up. He began walking slowly towards the throne with the sleeping ogre. As he got closer, I began to realize that there was no chance Lance survived a fight with this ogre. He had zero combat training, was wearing leather clothing, and the only weapons he had were a small black bag, a sword, and the most powerful wizard in this realm. I paused. Oh, right.

The ogre grunted. God, I’d forgotten how ugly the creatures were up close. The thing stunk like if a tigerskunk had been sprayed by garlic and rotten milk, then left in the sun. I frowned. Stupid old me. That idiot thought that a sense of smell would be vital throughout millennia. So far the only thing my sense of smell had helped me with was recognising when mold had started to grow onto my lower jawbone.

“Lance, do you actually have a plan to fight this guy?,” I asked him.

“Yes,” he proclaimed triumphantly. “I shall wake the ogre and vanquish him in honorable combat.”

Dear god, he was an idiot. “Please,” I asked him, “do not do that.”

“This is the ultimate test, Skully! If I vanquish this ogre, then I’ll have proven to the quest guild I’m worthy of the questing title!”

“Please don’t ever call me Skully ever again. I told you, my name is Xorceastus Vu, conquerer of the 4 realms, slayer of men, reaper of souls, vanquisher of life and destroyer of hope.”

“Really? I never got that vibe from you.”

“If I had my arms right now I would tear the life force from your body and use it to heat my soup made from the tears of dying orphans.”

“That’s dramatic. What do you want me to call you then?”

I pondered. “Just call me Mir.”

“Well, Mir, I hope you’re ready to watch me kill an ogre.”

“Are you kidding me? Just stab him in the neck while he’s sleeping. Stupid ogre will never see it coming.”

“Don’t be ridiculous. That’s so dishonorable.”

If I had arms, I would’ve shrugged. “Your funeral.”
