"This can't be right", I thought to myself. "57 years on that wasteland of a planet, all leading up to this". 

I lifted the eyelid of the holy son's corpse and peered into his black and lifeless eyes. I checked his pulse again, like he was some normal human being, and sighed deeply. 

"This is actually happening", I thought. Confused, irate, and somewhat disappointed with my current state of affairs, I figured it was best I keep moving and figure out what had happened here. 

The monstrous hall I found the corpse in had been demolished. Pillars sat among rubble, broken down to their halves. Marble statues' appendages lay everywhere. It looked like a crime scene. 

I proceeded to walk out and look for clues when I was startled by a small shuffling behind me. Immediately I swung myself around. I couldn't tell what it was I was feeling. 
Anger? Fear? Rage? It didn't matter. I had to find answers without losing control. 

I gazed around me to seek out where the sound had come from. Upon searching for several minutes I could see a white feather, an incredibly white feather, almost radiating light near a pile of broken marble. Slowly, I made my way over and pushing some of the wreck away, I saw an angel hunched over whimpering and shivering. His wings had been horribly ripped apart and his halo stripped from his head. 

"Who are you?", he asked. 

"A man who shouldn't be here but is", I replied. 

He looked vexed but I stared deep into his eyes with immense apathy. I had to find answers and he was the only one at the given moment who could tell me anything. 

"What happened?", I asked him. 

"Can't you see? God is dead", he retorted, his voice breaking a little. 

"Last time I checked, I wasn't blind", I responded. "How did this happen?"

The angel sat down against a wall, finally letting his guard down. He stared into nothing and sat quietly for some time. This made me even more furious but I patiently stood and waited for his response. 

"They came", he finally whispered. 

"Who came?" 

"The fiends", he growled between his teeth. Desperately trying to hold back his tears, the angel stood up and looked me directly in the eyes. 

"The fiends came" he continued, "they came and they destroyed this peaceful sanctuary. It was an ambushed attack. No one saw it coming." 
 As he stood explaining this to me he wiped dust and rubble off of his gown and wings. 
"The fiends have no rules. No conditions. No laws. They kill and rape and torture anything they come across. Lucifer taught them to be murdering psychopaths. It was his plan all along". 

Quietly, I listened. Not sure what exactly it was this creature was telling me, I just stood there and tried my best to comprehend. 

"Where are these fiends now?", I asked. 

The angel gave a dry grin and through a sarcastic and pitying chuckle he whispered, "Everywhere". 

Suddenly, the angel let out a gut wrenching scream and from inside his mouth, black beams of light began to shine and a dark red muck began dripping out of every orifice on his divine body. His eyes began to melt and that piercing scream grew louder and louder. 

I stepped back and watched in horror as this holy creature perished in front of my eyes. I wanted to scream but stood paralyzed and frightened. 

Within an instant, the glowing body that stood before me had been reduced to a steaming pile of red muck and bile. The stench was unbearable. 

Now utterly lost and afraid, I turned to run and find a safe haven but was stopped dead in my tracks when I turned around. 
In front of me lay a ghastly sight. A sight so dark and blood curdling that I still remember how it felt when my eyes began to bleed and burn from the inside. Now I started to scream for the pain became too much and the horror that struck me was far too painful for any human to bare. What I saw I will never recount to anyone ever again for the rest of my sad and miserable existence. Lucifer had always scared me as a child but the sight of him now broke me. 

The last thing I remember before I passed out from exhaustion were two words spoken from that damned mouth of that damned being. Spoken in a deep, disgusting, and booming voice; so frightening in fact I recall buckling at my knees at the sound. 

"Welcome home." 


