Bailan Bol, High Speaker of the Unified Assembly of Mages, sat primly behind his gilded desk. He was lost in thought, stroking his long beard compulsively.

A nervous knock came pattering from the marble door of his study. 

“Enter,” Bol said.

Brother Junior Guide Namitor, a skinny wisp of a man, approached with hunched shoulders. “The ...uh, applicant... stands before the Council of the Crescent Moons. We await your arrival before beginning the judgement.”

Bol squinted at Namitor. He couldn’t hide his contempt of the fear that the man displayed. “What are you afraid of, Brother? These *humans*, they are functionally sterile as a race, magically speaking. They have no right to the title of Wizard, nor even the right to stand before the Council. They are little more than upstarts and children.”

Namitor shifted his feet anxiously. “Yes sir, of course.” 

Bol followed the Junior Guide into the Grand Hall. All rose when he entered, and Bol stiffened his back. Ceremony was of vital importance. Ritual and tradition were what held the loose web of the Assembly together. All, Bol noticed, but the curly haired human Gilbert Godfrey. The human remained in his seat, and he actually had the *gall* to smile. 

“Be seated,” Bailan Bol said.

He paused for the Assembly to take their seats. The High Councillors were positioned along the crescent podium, which shone with the moonlight of all planets represented in the Assembly. The Councilors expressions ranged from curiosity, to fear, and finally outrage. There was a large crowd as well, which was to be expected.

“Gilbert Godfrey,” he continued, “Be forewarned. You sit before the gathered might of the universe’s most powerful magi. What have you to say?”

The human craned his neck and tapped his foot distractedly. “*Magic*, rubbish word really. I very much prefer the term ‘unexplained natural phenomena’. Did you louts drag me here to try to intimidate me into joining your cult? Be forewarned, it won’t work,” Gilbert said.

The room went cold. Bailan Bol, High Speaker of the Crescent Moons, found himself rendered speechless.

Councilwoman Petunya, a newly anointed representative from the powerful Ray’Un Kur, broke the silence. “Are you saying you doubt the magic of the Crescent Moons,” she asked.

“I’m saying I doubt it is what you think it is,” Godfrey answered. 

“Y-you dog! You mindless, ignorant, dog,” Petunya snapped. The Ray’Un Kur were famous for their courage and short tempered disposition.

“Hold your tongue, Sister,” Bol said. 

The councilwoman sat back, collecting herself. “My apologies, Speaker.” 

“But Earth’s histories are filled with references to famous magic men. There was Thomas Edison, called The Wizard of Menlo Park. And Rasputin, called Scourge of the Frozen North. I could go on,” Councilman Tet of Yuror said in a slow and thoughtful tone.

“Edison was a scientist. Rasputin, a mad man,” Godfrey said with a smile, “I am both. But none of us are *magic men*, however much those two might have liked to be called it.”


Bol cleared his throat to end the man’s drivel. “Now, Gilbert Godfrey of Earth, in this very room you see proof of magic, even if your own teleportation capability did not convince you. Consider this, none of us hail from the same planet. We all must have out own language, our own culture. Now take a look above you,” Bol said, nodding toward the high ceiling. 

Godfrey said nothing, but conceded to look up. A purple flame burned slowly at the ceiling, appearing at first like a chandelier. 

Bol smiled, convinced of the soundness of his rhetoric. “Without the Spell of Many Tongues cast and maintained by the Senior and Junior Guides, none of us could understand eachother.” 

Thin Namitor puffed up in his seat. He was proud to be mentioned, if not in name.

Bol continued, “Do you see the irony? You betray your own foolish ideas about magic the instant words leave your mouth.” 

Godfrey laughed. “I don’t doubt your magic, I said it was misunderstood. Take teleportation, as that is at the core of why you brought me here..”

“Yes, I suppose an explanation *is* in order. Go on, human,” Petunya said. 

Godfrey nodded his head to her. He had to admit she was attractive, even if there was something distinctly *non human* about her features. “The central principle of one of Earth’s greatest minds, Albert Einstein’s Theory of General Relativity,” he said, “It states that mass, the quantity of matter present in a subject, warps spacetime around it. The more massive the object, the greater the spacetime curvature. Logically, if an object has enough mass, and a projectile has the proper escape velocity to ignore the overwhelming gravitational pull, the projectile could exploit the spacetime curvature of the massive object to travel straight through lightyears of scrunched up distance in an efficient path. All that I had to do to achieve teleportation was create a machine which could artificially simulate mass in-front of itself and simultaneously produce a titanic amount of thrust behind it.”

Gilbert studied the faces of the Council members. Seeing basic understanding in their expressions, he continued “I suspect your *magic* works in a similar fashion, but was attained by way of natural selection and evolution. Perhaps the result of the erratic gravitational pull of a collapsing star, your ancestors had need of an organ which would allow them to increase or decrease their internal mass accordingly. Thus, I theorize, your magic is nothing but biology. Same here, as *my* magic is my intellect, which allowed me to invent a vehicle which bends space and skips over it.”

“So you condemn yourself,” Councilman Eloh Immoran said, “Your kind has no magic, just cheap tricks. Why should we consider accepting your world into the Grand Assembly?” 

“Let me answer your question with a question. Why should I care if you dusty fools accept us,” Gilbert asked. 

Bol scoffed. “Any world we cannot accept that has attained the ability to find us, we *erase*,” he said, glad to finally wipe that insolent grin off Godfrey’s face. 

The young scientist stared up at the Council. In the time it took Bailan Bol to stroke his beard once more, Godfrey had already conjured a plan...