*What do you do when your entire continent disappears?           
When what comes to life are your realest fears?*              


Apparently run around like headless chickens, rioting, looting, and committing general buffoonery.
But oh no, not me sir. I wouldn't do any of that, or my name isn't "Jester Saneman", just a sane man from the downtown Albaal Police Department, Atlantis. See, some of you out there will probably be thinking:
         

*"Hey, Saneman, you don't sound very sane, man.            
Atlantis isn't real, i've read your whole spiel,           
and you sound a few wings short of a plane, man".             
Trust me, it's true, I don't know what to do.             
The whole cities in ruin with what everyone's doin',                  
and i'm stuck in here with my crew.*  

When the big pause happened we freaked out for a hot minute. Nearly the entire world outside of Atlantis wasn't responding to our communications. With all the weird things going on that day, it was almost like the world had [taken a knee.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9t5imw/wp_on_one_particularly_eventful_actionpacked/e8u0duf/) Then outta nowhere, everything went back to normal outside, and everything inside went to hell. Flying pigs that vomited money that turned you into a flying pig if you picked it up. Streets that lead back into itself when you walked through it on one end, and amongst the several million other weird things going on right now is some sort of mental compulsion that forces people to write in rhyme every other paragraph.  
          
      
            
*It's doing a real number to my head,                
i'd rather than this, be dead.             
But thankfully the rest of my faculties are still intact,                 
I know what is real for a fact.                                               
I might be rhyming, but it's all good timing,                   
because only humans this will affect.*                   

Yes according to the pamphlets being dropped by drones the best way to identify if someone around here is a real human, is to see if they're forced to rhyme every other paragraph of text. Apparently it doesn't affect speech, but then again there's enough affecting it already. I don't know how much I trust these people, but apparently Johnson was working for them undercover this whole time. He says their name is something called a "mematrix" which, and I quote, "Is designed to sound official and trustworthy when read, it only affects human perception by targeting triggers inside our subconscious mind causing anomalous side effects not seen to be manifested through or by any natural means outside of artificially generated constructs designed specifically to corrupt what natural phenome..."

*For minutes he went on,     
and blankly I stared.   
He seemed quite excited,   
I wish that I cared.   
It took me by surprise,   
when from outside the door.   
Came a rapid rapping,   
a tapping, then...   
"CODEWORD: NEVERMORE"       
Don't do it, said Johnson.    
Don't open that door.     
Everyone's in the room,    
the squad's accounted for.    
It seemed to make sense,     
truth lay in his words.    
But where the hell was raven?    
Stuck with his flock of birds?*        

Kimberly panicked of course, and started shouting about how we should make sure that Raven was safe, after all, the sniper teams were always separated in the upper portions of the city so they could keep a birds eye view of things down below. But with the horrors that awaited outside, the risk couldn't be taken. If only there was a way to know if it really was Raven or not. Some kind of test that could tell us if the thing outside was human. Something that involved materials laying around the precinct in large quantities, like, oh, I dunno... Pen and paper perhaps. Hmmm. HMMMMMMMMMMMM.

*Long story short,     
what was outside was not.         
A member of our unit,         
and thusly we blewit,      
and by blewit I mean we shot.    
A few hundred rounds through the door,    
not like we didn't have a few hundred thousand in store.     
On ammo we were set,    
it was a safe bet.   
As the door repaired itself once more.*    


I cocked my shotgun, trying to look cool, ejecting an unspent shell and wasting ammunition. Whoops. I might not be the best policeman out there, but I sure as hell am (mostly) competent, and one things for sure, in a city like this, at a time like this, it sure as hell is no time to be taking the piss. I'm Jester Saneman, and I will keep my team safe, I will secure this city, and we will win the day. Somehow, probably, and if I don't? Well, then who will.