I walk up the hill. The noon day sun turns the tall grass into a field of gold. The heat of the day weighs heavier with each step, and I want nothing more than to stop, to sink into the tall grass, to disappear from this hill.

I've been hunting Come Backs from the beginning, since we first discovered that people could be reincarnated. Or at least since it gained mass acceptance; when Gavin Churchill accidentally created the first Come Back generator while trying to invent a time machine, it took a little while to catch on. Too unpredictable where you'd end up, and not a lot of happy living people were willing to give up their current life for an unknown. But it found traction with the unhappy, people dying of terminal disease, or those with PTSD or fucked up heads hurting so bad that an unknown new beginning seemed worth the risk. It was only a matter of time until some people started seeing an opportunity, and crime rings started snatching up generators. If your choice was between facing justice for all the bad shit you've done in your life, or calling a Mulligan on it all, becoming a Come Back was worth the gamble.

Hunting the criminal Come Backs has gotten easier over the years. New detection methods are emerging, and the veteran hunters have developed a sixth sense for them, so it's becoming easier to tell who's a First Timer and who's a Come Back. Separating the innocent Come Backs from the bad is harder. When you Come Back, you don't know who you were before. But bad folks have a way of staining anything they come in contact with, even a fresh new body. Everybody's time runs out eventually. You just have to be ready to see it. 

I didn't want to see it in her. She was full of light and joy, with no room for darkness. As she got older, I would see things around the edges I could explain away, but nagged at me all the same. Another Come Back hunter came to visit, to trade war stories and sling coffee, and she walked in, all smiles and radiance. He looked at her, then at me, his face suddenly ashen. When you've done this as long as we have, you start to recognise telltale signs quick. If you're ready to see them.

Lydia Poole disappeared 12 years ago after releasing a chemical agent in an office building, killing 60 people as part of a revenge plot against her old workplace. Some said it was a scheme to tank the company after they fired her, some said it was payback after her boss took advantage of her at the Christmas party. Either way, 12 years ago was when she was last seen. That's also when Maggie was born.

I remember bringing Maggie home for the first time. Her tiny hands grasping at nothingness, her small brown eyes squinting at the world. I remember her first steps, her first words, her first smile. I remember the first time she ran up this hill. 

I see Maggie now lying under the tree at the top of the hill, the tall grass almost completely obscuring her small, skinny frame.  She hasn't seen me yet, but when she does, she'll look at me full of light and joy, but at the edges will be something darker. At the edges will be Lydia. I'm only a few steps away from her now. The heat of the day is extra heavy on my shoulders now. Our time is almost up.