"Where's the artifact?" the commander bellowed, barging into the primary research lab.

An ensign obediently pointed to the long, phallic object on the table.

The commander sneered. "Is this some sort of joke?" He picked up the artifact, waving it at the field captain's face. "Do you think you're fucking funny or something?"

The field captain shook his head as he watched the artifact flop about inches from his face. "No sir. That's what we found at the dig site. That's the only object that was there. There was clearly remnants of a structure in place, but that was the only tangible object we could find." He shrugged his shoulders. "I didn't know what to think of it either."

The commander slammed the artifact on the table. "Great! Just great! Now I get to tell the suits back on Earth that this big find we supposedly have is a God-damn dildo!"

The chief of research piped in. "If I can interject, this is actually an extraordinary find. It's literally the best proof we could have that an advanced species once lived here."

The commander simply stared at her. "*Literally* the best proof we could have? Not a computer? A radio? A god-damn car? Fucking *anything* but a sex toy?"

The chief of research blushed. "Well, it definitely proves that an advanced species lived here. It will be enough to get more funding and have more excavation teams sent here within the next year..."

*Fast forward 687 Earth days*

"Commander!" a lieutenant calls out, running after her CO. "Commander, the third excavation team has found something!"

"What?" the commander questioned. "Why didn't you radio me?"

"Oh...uh..." the lieutenant shrugged. "It seemed like more dramatic exposition this way."

"*Sigh...* alright, let's hit the rovers."

The command team rolled up to the excavation site in question a couple hours later. Exiting the rover, the commander was immediately swarmed by scientists.

"What? Slow down! I can't understand you if you all talk at once!"

The chief scientist took the lead, beaming with joy. "We've found a fully functioning computer array that's still hooked up to a network!"

"Show me."

The team entered an elevator which took them down several hundred feet below the surface. At the bottom, they exited and followed a series of tunnels that had been dug in the past few months. At the end, they discovered a large, crumbling building that had apparently been buried under thousands of years of dust and debris.

Inside, they gathered around the screens in question. With a nod from the commander, the chief scientist turned on the array. There, a show closely paralleling "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy" started playing.

The commander put his head in his hands, almost weeping. "What is this? Why does God keep torturing me like this?"

"I'm sorry, sir, let me switch the channel." He flipped several knobs, eventually finding the station he desired to show the commander. The commander stared in disbelief. There on the screen was an orange man with a bad toupee saying the most insane shit imaginable.

"Is that...is that not..." The commander struggled to remember his history. "Is that not Trump?"

"Yes, which means Mars not only had an advanced civilization at one point, but we are following in its footsteps. They put their planet in a sedated state following the advent of nuclear weaponry, then woke up the population with the most insane reality TV show imaginable, ushering in a revolution that sparked a global unified effort to reach out to the nearest planet that could be terraformed!"

The commander shook his head. "We really need more classes on proper story exposition in the Space Force..."