Seconds turned to minutes and minutes to hours, a voice in the sky had all but confirmed the existence of God and just as soon as it had it had told us he was leaving an some new entity, Bob was the new God, yet despite all the media and religious organizations that seemed to look up for answers not another word was spoken, as if the all over the world everyone had simply suffered from the same dream. Life seemed to be roll on unchanged, well except for the Mormons who claimed to be right after all, though people were still skeptical.

For me though I found I simply couldn’t stop finding my eyes drawn to the heavens above me, for hours on end I’d stare at the expansive sky and wonder, why has Bob not done anything yet? The world hadn’t changed in the slightest, people still killed each other everyday, countries all over the world still dealt with poverty and hunger and all the while a being with the power to fix it all sat up there and did nothing. Does he even watch what’s happening? Does he even care? These thoughts constantly floated through my mind and more and more I found myself annoyed with the lack of answers.

It was then that I encountered her, Diane was her name, she was only 23 and yet she carried herself with the grace and dignity. Unlike me, who’s mind was in the clouds she was very down to earth, rather then complain about some higher being not making everything better she took matter into her own hands. She volunteered at local homeless centers making meals, and she set up fund raisers to help struggling schools get books for their libraries. It was through this that the two of met.

I had gone out to do my grocery shopping for the week when out front of the store I saw her with this big box half full of all sorts of books, and a table with a smaller donation box on it. She cheerfully called out to every person who walked by and although some simply walked by a surprising number returned, some dropped books into one box, some money into the other, and a few even donated both. It was certainly an awe inspiring scene yet, I couldn’t enjoy it, not when I knew that somewhere up above someone sat who could make this all unnecessary. 

Soon I found myself seeing her more and more, each time donating her time and money to bettering the lives of those around her. It was finally after a month since my first encounter that I asked her, “You know Bob is up there right? Why are you working so hard when Bob should be the one making things better?” I’ll never forget the moments that followed as I watched her smile at me like she did everyone else, “Even before I knew Bob existed, I’ve always felt that I needed to do something for those less fortunate. I mean after all, just because someone else can do something doesn’t mean I can’t right?” The words struck me more then I can express properly, and I stood dumbfounded trying to think of a response, “Bu- But why?” The words left my lips before I had really had time to process them. “Why do I need a reason to do the right thing?” Was all she said before she cheerfully went on to help an older woman to her car.

I went home that day with a lot on my mind, as her words continued to echo in my head. In the month, no in her entire life, how much time had she spent helping others while I simply sat back and said it was the job of someone else. How much time had I wasted pointing out the flaws in the world yet did nothing to even try to alleviate the burden for a single person? I was ashamed of myself, in a way I had never been before, and yet, at the same time I felt determined. Standing up I looked at my calendar and grabbed a pen, I marked every free day I had and decided, each day I’d do something, anything to lighten the load of someone and I knew where to start.

The weekend came fast, and with it my first free day, walking outside of my home I looked across the street at my neighbors home, a single family home with a yard that had gone unattended after the father past a few months ago leaving the mother to fend for herself and provide for their two small children. Although nervous I walked up to the door and after a knock came out the lady of the house, struggling to keep her youngest in her arms, and yet despite her situation seemed happy as can be. “Hello ma’am, I was wondering if I might be able to help lighten your load?