"Get down! Get down!" Grandpa yelled. "Charlie is coming from all sides!"

The elderly man dove throwing his back against the purple foam 2 foot tall barricade while blue and yellow balls of paint rapidly sprayed overhead at him and his grandkids. 

"Grandpa. I'm hit." said Becky looking up at him while pulling her hand away from her stomach showing paint on her fingers. 

"Ah, shit! Jonathan, it's just you and me now." Grandpa shouted at his younger grandson while Becky tried to plead with him that there is a three shot rule and she is still able to play. "I'll go around to the side and flank them, you give me cover fire. Ready? Break!" Grandpa yelled out at Jonathan and with a primal scream ran towards a flanking position to their left as Jonathan shot one of the opposing grandkids in the shoulder and Becky just threw her hands up in frustration. 

Grandpa approached the green neon pillar area when he noticed Alex, the short and younger opposing grandchild coming around the corner. Grandpa quickly steeped back against the wall and waited for Alex to turn the corner. Then with Grandpa lightening speed, hit the kid on top of his head causing his to spin around. Grandpa deflected Alex's arm who raise his gun to shoot with a quick forearm shiver and then Grandpa shot Alex twice at point blank range. Once in the face in the eye that was luckily covered with thick glass of the paint ball helmet and once in the neck that was covered by thick gear but still hurt. He then ducked under the boys arm as the boy reached for his neck, spinning to a his back and kicked him in the back of his knees. Alex fell and Grandpa gave him a death shot to the back of the head.

The older, more nerdy rival Grandson Jason came up shortly after laughing and giggling when Grandpa quickly turned around. They were too close to shoot so Grandpa quickly engaged in CQC and hit the boy with the edges of his palms multiple times in the neck, chest and ribs causing him to drop his gun. While the 13 year old became stunned, Grandpa quickly subdued him from the rear and put him in a choke hold with the thought of using him as a human shield. With his hostage in tow, Grandpa advanced towards Grandad. 

Grandpa held the kid close and found Grandad who like him, held his Grandchild at arms length with his paint ball gun to his head. Both men seemed to share a similar tactic. 

"What are you doing Grandad" calmly said Grandpa. 

"You're not winning this war!" shouted Grandad. 

Grandpa made eye contact with Jonathan, looked towards the ground right below him and aimed his gun towards them and let out a shot. A paintball flew from the barrel hitting Jonathan right in the unprotected part of his leg causing him to react in extreme pain and drop down. Grandpa pushed Jason towards Grandad and let out 6 shots in the matter of seconds and dice towards the ground. Jason stumbled forward causing Grandad to not be able to get off any shots for fear that he would hit his own grandchild while Grandpa hit Jason three times in the back, hit Grandad in both his shoulders and once right in the center of his helmet.

Grandpa did all this as he rolled forward expecting some sort of retaliation fire and came to a stop on his back still aiming at Grandad as he fell to his knees and then to his stomach. Grandpa got up, raised his fist in victory as Jonathan got up with tears in his eyes from the pain and Becky rounded the corner with her arms folded still holding her gun displeased that she didn't get to shoot at all. 

Grandpa yelled in victory as the teenaged worker monitoring the battlefield thanked everyone for playing and began to clean up and reset for the next group of players who stood there in awestruck of what they had just witnessed. 