We were surrounded on all sides by relentless expansion. Twenty species, maybe more, advanced in a churning tide of conflict that had already swallowed half of our planets and threatened to wipe us from the galaxy. Some of them had met with us; their ships had landed on the uninhabitable regions of some of our further colony worlds, and the figures who emerged had descended clumsily into the water. They gave offers of trade, and for a brief period we exchanged ideas. They gave us their translation devices, and we gave them knowledge of our rocket engines, which they were amazed could ascend directly off of the seafloor. Then they had left, and other species had landed and stayed. The new ones built on the uninhabitable land and, deaf to our pleas, dumped poison in our water. We were forced to evacuate. 

Planet by planet, this pattern repeated. There were often brief friendly interactions with one species or another, who all looked vaguely similar in form but had very different faces, gills, and coloration. But despite all the attempts at diplomacy we could manage, another species would descend, often with guns blazing, to claim the planet and push us out. 

Then suddenly something changed. On intercepted signals across our space, we heard the same message in twenty languages: "The ground is threatened."  Suddenly, the expansion stopped. Some of the newer alien colonies even withdrew, allowing us to reclaim and detoxify our beautiful oceans. We rejoiced, though we had no idea what was happening and suspected a trap. All of the friendly traders had vanished as suddenly and silently, so we could not ask them for more information. 

Finally we caught one, a damaged ship spiraling towards a star. We saved it, and its crew rewarded us with the information we sought. "Earth, the homeworld of humanity, is under threat. A black hole is headed for the solar system, and we need all the ships available to redirect its course."

"But what of the other nineteen species. Are their homeworlds similarly threatened?"

"They - we - are all humanity. We are the same species, from the same world."

"Does this mean the fighting is over?"

"Nah, just for a few years, then they'll be back to continue the colonization efforts. Look little guy, I'm sorry, but I just don't think there's room for you in the galaxy."