It started as a "regular" zombie apocalypse, of all places, somewhere in Sweden. It took about a week before an adequate reaction was found, but  it was found and used. It mostly consisted of heavy artillery bombardment of the affected areas and squads in light armored dealing with what was left.

We had a three-years break - just enough to develop a vaccine. Thanks to it, the second outbreak - in Shanghai, this time - was solved in days and had only 140 casualties. We were lucky that it had not been the first - zombies in a city can be very annoying.

The vampires came next. Tough bastards, and smart, too. Largest problem in hunting them down was the popular perception that they were just misunderstood and not murderous bloodsuckers. Goddamn _Twilight_.
However, a vampire dies to a sniper bullet, a molotov cocktail or a well-placed SMG-burst sure enough. Professional vampire hunters became a thing.

Which was good, because they were a good starting point to deal with the werebeasts. Different Modus Operandi, same problem - people killed by smart, tough hunters. By the way, silver kind of works, but so does overwhelming firepower. Try to regenerate a frag or three, wolfie.

The bogart invasion of the Okwango delta was a somewhat challenging operation. Artillery was out of the question - too much rare wildlife there -, not all armored vehicles can deal with a very large swamp/River system , and infantry had to deal with snakes, mosquitoes and other unhealthy stuff. We solved it with helicopters and clever sensors. Even fog can't protect you against a nice little guided missile.

The resurfacing of elves, dwarves and orks was a more complex situation. They posed no immediate threat to humanity and mostly wanted to be left alone. Unfortunately that brought conflict (which was somewhat one-sided) , and it was a diplomatic pain in the behind to sort the out the long list of non-human problems (turns out elves can get very grumpy if a light German tank drives over their ancient queen - even if she survived that -, dwarves may hold a grudge for burning off their beards, and orks see peace as somewhat _immodest_). In the end, treaties were made, leaving them some forests, mountains and plains all over the world, and keeping them away from each other.  Turns out, they dislike each other even more than humans.
Well, dealing with low-level specieism was better than shooting them, and we called it a day.

Until the dragons came. And discovered that air superiority was something humans had acquired over the centuries. A modern jet is much tougher than your average knight of old, and a good machine gun barrage, spiced up with a couple air-to-air missiles, and maybe a  shaped-charge warhead or two fired from the ground do slightly more than a typical lance.
A lot of dragons, lazy and greedy bastards that they were, were just bought off with a tiny bit of gold - in total less than a half percent of the Fort Knox reserves.

At this time it was a matter of speculation which creatures would come next and contingencies made for each and every myth (most included the words "supreme firepower").  The one positive surprise were unicorns; reptilians, minotaurs, draugr, lamias, ghosts, giants and trolls less so, but in the end proved to be very much manageable. 

When the ocean stirred and a large, tentacled head appeared somewhere in the vicinity of France we immediately dropped a small nuke on it.

Poor Cthulhu (or whatever) had not even seen it before being annihilated. Then we fired another, much larger, nuke _through_ the portal the squidhead had opened.

We now wait for the response, but it seems unlikely that they really want to mess around with us.

But we wait for them. Armed and ready. 