Waiting for my coffee, I looked out around my gardens. Today was going to be a particularly pretty day albeit a bit cold, if I could ever wake up. As I was wondering why it was taking so long for my butler to bring out my coffee, a hooded figure approached me. In some sort of a thick foreign accent, I think he said, "I can't hack it anymore, you take over." He hastily handed me what looked like a scythe.

I stared at the implement in my hands and considered the implications of what just happened. It wasn't possible. I couldn't possibly be. Could I? I mean, surely it was simply an anthropomorphized myth. However, who else would use a scythe these days?

I gave the instrument a testing swing. It didn't appear to have any sort of special properties, but perhaps that was the trick. Still, this couldn't be a job that was handed to just anyone. There had to be some sort of regulation or something that would ensure that it wasn't used for wanton destruction.

At long last, my butler brought out my coffee. I sipped on it. Something tasted off, but I wasn't sure. I turned to him. "What do you think the significance of this is?" I asked, holding up the item of my attention.

"I couldn't possibly know," he responded, "I am merely your butler." Then he left, presumably to oversee the maids in their monthly deep clean of the house.

As I was finishing my coffee, my phone's alarm went off. Just in time to head off to do some work at the seniors' home. After some deliberation, I decided to take the tool with me.

I set off at a brisk walk. The seniors' home was only a couple of blocks away from my residence, so I rarely saw the need to drive. During the walk, I was unfortunate enough to see a car accident. Being trained in basic immediate first aid, I rushed to the scene to see if there was any way that I could assist with any injuries. It was horrible; one of the drivers kept saying, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry" to the other vehicle, which had flipped over. Either the driver or the passenger in the flipped vehicle hadn't been wearing their seatbelt since they'd been thrown from the car. I checked them over; there was no pulse. As soon as I realized there was no pulse, I immediately set to doing CPR. It was a long-shot, especially being performed by a civilian as opposed to a trained medical professional. After a few minutes of my trying, I noticed something silvery coming out of the person's mouth. Gingerly, I pulled the tool out and being careful not to actually touch the injured person, I swung it to remove the silvery apparition from the person.

Much to my surprise, it worked! the silvery apparition separated from the body and wiggled off to who knows where. Well, that was confirmation enough for me. I waited until emergency services arrived and gave my statement (minus the silvery apparition of course; best to keep such secrets to myself after all). Then I continued on my way to the seniors' home.

When I arrived, I started talking to the nurses about the status of each of the residents. There were a couple that were in dire straits, as always. I told them that I would go to keep those couple company to ensure that they weren't alone in their final hours. There was just something so peaceful. Once again, I noticed a silvery apparition trying to leave their bodies. Well, after the accident, I knew what was necessary. I swung the scythe gingerly and separated the apparition from the person's body. Once again, the silver apparition, now freed, flew off to somewhere I didn't know.

Eventually, a giant rabbit started following me around. Sometimes volunteers at the seniors' home liked to dress up in costume to bring a smile to the seniors' faces, so I didn't think much of it. We had a long conversation about how it was to help out the elderly and the sense of accomplishment that came with contributing to one's community. She was a sweet lady and I was glad that she wanted to help in such a cheerful manner.

After some time, my shift ended and I walked back home. As the sun set, I noticed that there were several dark shapes wandering around. I planted my feet firmly and kept an eye on them. Perhaps one of my new responsibilities was to protect the world from the darker things that would take my place. As they came within striking distance, I swung my instrument, knowing that it was the right thing to do. Unfortunately, they proved too strong for me and I was overpowered.

I'm not sure what happened after I passed out in the street or why emergency services were called. But, apparently, my butler had put some peyote in my coffee and everything that I had witnessed was merely a hallucination.