I sat in a rickety wooden chair in the middle of an abandoned house. The kid who captured me had duct-taped my torso to the back of the chair, and was now trying with some difficulty to bind my wrists behind my back.

"You're doing it wrong," I told the kid. "You should've knocked me unconscious first. Right now, I'm wide awake, fully aware of what you're doing. I could have screamed and the whole neighborhood would hear me."

I could hear the kid's shuddering breath as panic set it. His hands trembled as he cinched the knots.

"Plus," I continued, "you've taken too long with my hands. If you're going to have the victim awake while you tie them up, at least show a sense of urgency."

"Shut the fuck *up!"* the kid shrieked.

I shrugged. "Hey, just offering some advice. In that same spirit, I should also point out that you've completely ignored my legs and feet."

I sprang to my feet, bent at the hips. With the chair on my back and the legs now aimed toward the kid, I ran backwards and barged into him. He fell backwards with a comical squeak. He lay on his back, and I brought the chair down upon him, digging one of the legs into his shoulder. He howled in pain, but I held him there for a good ten seconds, letting him feel it. I kind of felt bad. But sometimes people just need to learn the hard way.

I released him, and he rubbed his shoulder with a whimper.

"So now," I said, "thanks to your banshee screech, we have approximately two minutes until a nosy neighbor calls the police, another ten before they arrive. You really could have picked a better location--*any* location. A heavily-trafficked suburban neighborhood is not your friend if you're going for a slow kill."

The kid stuttered. "Wh-- Wh-- Who the fuck *are* you, man?"

I instinctively tried to reach out my hand to shake his, but remembered I was tied up. I smiled at him. "The Reaper of Ponderosa Pines. Or just Jack, if you please. Pleasure to meet you."

The kid's eyes widened and his brows furrowed. "You're shitting me. You're the *Reaper?"*

I bobbed my torso up and down in a mock bow. "And may I ask, who are you?"

The kid straightened up, a sense of pride enveloping his expression. "I'm the Cinch County Strangler."

I held back a laugh. "Ahh, so you're the newcomer then. I've been keeping up with your story. Your only kills were two women half your size and weight, and you snuck into their houses and suffocated them in their bath tubs with a shoe lace. Low-hanging fruit, don't you think?"

He sneered. "What the fuck ever, man."

"I'm just saying, you start picking on cute girls enjoying an evening at home, then what purpose are you fulfilling? How does killing a mom in her bathtub serve anyone? Now, you're just like every other Strangler and Mutilator and Executioner out there: killing erratically, without a plan." I look from him to myself with a snicker. "Obviously."

The kid went silent, sulky.

I plopped the chair onto the floor and exhaled loudly. "Look, you have potential. I wouldn't be talking to you if I was lying about that. You just need a mentor, like I did. My mentor instilled in me a mission, a sense of purpose, so that I wouldn't just go willy-nilly killing Joe Schmo who's trying to put his kid through college. He taught me *who* to look for, *how* to kill them, and *why.* You following?"

The kid nodded.

"Good. Then do you and me a favor: Cut me loose, and let's go for a night on the town."

The kid hesitated. I rolled my eyes. "Look, kid, if I wanted to kill you, I would've brought the chair leg down on your neck, not your shoulder."

He pursed his lips, then cut me free. I didn't kill him. I'm a man of my word.

I clapped a hand on his good shoulder. "Let's get a drink. We have a lot to [discuss](https://www.reddit.com/r/phunk_munky/)."

​