“Always felt like there was something... different, in me,” Sakura Hammington, leaned further back into his throne. Crowned in raw gold and Unknown supernatural elements, embezzled in rubies from crimson carpets to the golden tips, and the new dictator sitting upon the Waterfall-Celestial rested his chin on the back of his hand, eyes closed and deep in thought. A roll of his tongue, “Essential.” 

Sakura hummed, feeling... unearthly power replacing his commoner blood. The throne provided the Inheritance to the heirs alone. He curled his fingers into a fist and sighed, delighted. “Yes, I will get use to this indeed.” Sakura opened his eyes and tossed his other hand towards a heap of rubble on the floor. “And get that trash out of here, it’s ruining my carpets.”

The rubble shifted, groaning in agony.

“And my fucking mood...” Sakura rigidly curled his fingers into a fist, eyes narrowed in mild anger. “Get it out, soldiers.”

“Yes, my lord,” obeyed two Waterfall soldiers. They picked up the broken pieces of dirty rubble.

“Wait.”

The soldiers stopped in their place. Trash dripping messily on the floor continuously, groaning. 

Sakura stroked his bare chin. “Eragle, have the people began their cheers?”

The new advisor, the much more qualified and truthful and beautiful advisor, to the new dictator of the nation stepped forth, head bowed. “Yes, my lord.”

Sakura scratched his freckles. “Are the people still hoping?”

“Yes, my lord.”

Sakura watched the trash tremble, in rage and brokenness, dripping dark blood on the crimson carpets. “Are the people still believing?”

Eragle raised his head just a bit, so that his brown eyes were seen. “Yes, my lord.”

A pause of silence, the heavy pained breaths from the trash and Sakura’s gentle yet powerful breath rumble the air. And finally, king Sakura asked, “Are our people still loving and capable of love?” 

Eragle bows his head, but Sakura saw his proud smile, a smile brimming with hope. “Yes, my friend.”

Sakura chuckled. And so our friendship remains through our carnal history... Sakura looked his hands, clean... for now. 

“And So our friendship will last forevermore, til the end of time and beyond.” 

No one raised their heads. Save for the trash that bled on the floor, seething in rage between bloody teeth. Sakura glared at the weak, fragile former man and saw only the thousands of massacres created because of the words of his mouth; by only *speaking* did he cause children younger than the number of fingers Sakura had to be sold as slaves and violently raped. Mothers left weeping, weeping, crying out to their God, oh why why *why* 

and when when *when* will their salvation arrive, where is their deliverer?

Sakura coughed out the remaining remnants of his past and cared for what his powerful tongue would say, “Take that trash to the medical bay. It is not allowed to die just yet.”

The soldiers dragged away the former king, no respect in their motions for his ailing aches save for keeping the obedience of their king Sakura. The trash would live, the trash would pay.

And, as king Sakura rose from his supernatural throne, releasing a steady breath. He eyed the many squads of soldiers in the throne room. It could not be hidden, the smiles trying to break free on their faces. The tears almost leaving his eyes, the pride in her eyes, the urge to clap with trembling hands in hir hands.

And Eragle, he lifted his eyes to his king, ready to follow by his side toward the new, bright path.

“Let us greet our people,” ordered king Sakura, smiling like he would as a child treated with new friends to play a game of four square with. “Let us greet them with their hope arrived, their love renewed and free, free to worship and free to love.”

Some soldiers could no longer hide their smiles. The cheers and psalms of victory leaked from the city outside and into the throne room. The many thousands made their happiness known, they made it known.

And king Sakura declared, “Yes, let us love them.” 