"Let's get these barrels loaded quick!" One thug yelled to the other two "Boss man is on his way now to make sure things move smoothly." 

As if a planned entrance, like a stage performer pateintly waiting for their cue to enter the scene, Derrick Harway came through the double doors to into the warehouse. Derrick was a notorious gun dealer, shipping the weapons hidden in oil containers. Derricks guns have been linked to a dozen murders, but police have been unable to stop his operation due to a "lack of evidence". Its all bullsh*t. Derrick has bribed all the right people, and the rest are afraid of him. Derrick is a powerful meta, with the power of regeneration. Derrick has been killed a hundred times, but never captured. Not until today.

I wait in the rafters, perched above the three thugs loading the oil cans. As far as I know they arent metas, but you can never be sure. Derrick leaves the room to take a phone call, and the three thugs group up and whisper some complaints. I carefully set the gears on my gloves, which adjust the compounded lenses on my palms. I get my hands ready, and whistle. 

All three thugs look up, weapons half drawn. They scan the rafters looking for me, and when their eyes find me, I crack my knuckles. Blinding white light shines down on the thugs, and they let out a chorus of screams and gun fire. I jump down from the rafters, and disable the three thugs in a quick session of elbows and kicks. The design of my gloves puts emphasis on my gift of producing light from my hands when I crack my knuckles, but makes forming a fist difficult. I make due. 

The three thugs were easily incapacitated after being temporarily blinded. However, the noise brought Derrick rushing back in, gun ready. I positioned my hands and sent out a blinding light. Derrick yelled, but kept better composure than the thugs. He got a few shots off, one which clipped my shoulder. I cursed, and ducked off to the side behind some discarded oil drums. Damnit. Derricks regeneration must of helped his eyes recover from my blinding flash quicker. I adjusted my gears, strengthening the intensity of the lenses. 

Derrick knew my ability. He walked a wide circle, his arm raised to shield his eyes, hoping to get an angle on me. He was laughing. 

"Alright bright hands, I'm tired of your shit. This ends now". He was right.

I rolled out from behind the oil drums, and cracked my knuckles. Derrick was ready, and raised his arm to cover his eyes and let out a shot. The sheer intensity of the light ignited Derricks clothes, searing his exposed skin. The bullet hit, but was stopped by my kevlar vest before breaching my skin. Derrick screamed, and desperately tried to pat the fire out. That gave me enough time to charge Derrick, driving my shoulder into him. He flew back against the loading track, still on fire. Derrick's nerves must of been regenerating faster than they were burning because his painful wails became animalistoc screeches. He curled up and fell to the floor, whimpering. 

Seeing Derrick give up like that, I walked over to the truck and grabbed a fire extinguisher from under the seat. I put Derrick out, and proceeded to tie up all four criminals. Police sirnes were closing in, someone must of called after hearing the gunshots. I got out and watched the police arrive on scene. I stayed to make sure Derrick was brought into custody without incident. With another dangerous meta off the streets, I begin to prepare for my next target. 



