The crystalline blue manacles snapped tightly around my wrists with a satisfyingly final click. Around us the ruins of Central City still smoldered in fits of foul smelling smoke and arching electricity. To my left and right two fine officers of the World Defense and Control Force stand fitful guard. I think I know one of them. He's arrested me before. A few years ago. Johny? Jason? I can't read his badge from my place kneeling in the mud. I broke his jaw and nose when I made my escape last time. It looks to have healed nicely. 

"You can take him away now, " she tells the guard I don't know. He grabs the manacles behind my back and pulls me to my feet. For a moment, she and I are eye to eye. 

She stands there, tall, pictureques, the ideal of justice and good, a shining beacon of hope to the downtroden and disenfranchised. She does not sneer, or leer at me as our eyes meet. Our eyes lock and there is no pity, no sorrow. My valkyrie, my Goddess in Gold and Blue, just sees me. And then she turns away and the moment has passed. 

"Come on Changeling." The guard I do know pulls painfully on the chain attached to my restraints. I snarl at him. Maybe this time I'll break his clavicle as well as his face when I break out. Maybe then he'll learn a little respect. He pulls again and I relent. You have to keep up appearance in my position. Show the grunts exactly how powerless they are to stop you and you run the danger of them sending more Supers to take you down. And then I wouldn't get to see her. And the damage would be far worse. Much better to play the part and break loose when you're on the way to a Super max detention center. We are just about to turn when we all hear a soft pop.

There is nothing, then everything explodes. No, that's not quiet true. I can trace it, barely, with my eyes. There was the pop, and then a moment of silence while thousands of microscopic hairs of silver and red light embedded themselves in the crater around us. Most of them burrow into the stone and non-living matter like hungry grubs. A few hit me and bounce off. More dissolve as the come into contact with her. Then it gets very hot. And then everything explodes. 

The smoke blocks out the setting sun as it swirls around us in the now much larger creator. Faint wisps of blue light encircle us, the only sign of her signature protection. She spreads the barrier around the guards and myself. She can't bare to see any one come to harm because of her. We've been at this fight for a long time now and no matter how hard, no matter how inconvenient, she always makes sure our little scuffles don't kill any one because of the splash over. I respect her for that. 

"Jeremy, Louis, are you okay, " she says, fists raised defensively before her.

"Yes Madame Defender, " Jeremy says, coughing, "prisoner still secured."

"Madame, what was that, " Louis, the new guys, says as he draws his side arm. 

"I don't know."

Smoke really does take a long time to clear. They don't do it justice in the movies. Unless there is a strong breeze or rain to pull it out of the air then it'll just hang around. Its the reason I stopped using fire about two years ago. It made an utter mess of things. The remains of her shield finally fade away complete, leaving us alone in the shrouded blastscape. She takes a step into the smoke. That is when it strikes. I can barely make out the its silhouette before it connects.

Humanoid, about eight feet tall, built like a linebacker as seen through the eyes of H.R. Geiger. Its skin is red and black, glowing with a sickly light. It swings one club like fist at her raised guard. As the fist rockets through the air I can see the smoke being pulled into it. By time it connects with her guard it has grown by an order of a magnitude. The hit is sold. The sound is a sickening mix of wrecking ball and snapping bones. She is thrown clear across the crater. 

More smoke clears as it takes a deep breath in. The thing is FEEDING on the destruction. It opens its maw. The jaw reaches down to where a normal persons navel would be. It lets out a horrible popping noise and another barrage of the exploding hairs rocket toward her. There is another movement of pregnant silence an then destruction. 

But this time she knows what's going to happen. She's flying at it, backed my another conflagration of world shattering proportions. It is her turn to attack and she doesn't pull her punches.

The first blow connects with its shoulder, the second with its stomach, the third, kick, with is side. She's plowing into it with a relentless flurry of fits and feet. Each time she does a smalls sonic boom echos through the air. At this point most C rank Supers should have been reduced to a pile of broken bones. But its still standing. Worse, its returning the favor. She's having to expend most of her powers on defense. Soft glowing marks trace out each of its hits. Her Shield is holding it off for now. But she can't spare the focus to really push the assault. For a moment, it seems like they are evenly matched. 

But she slips. She's tired. Protecting the WDCF and then the micro Sheilds have taken a lot of her energy. She isn't impervious. She raises her shield to fend off the blow but it connects high and past her guard. The force of its fist drives her to the ground with sickening thud. Then it reachs down and lifts her up by the neck. Her suit is torn where she hit the ground. Blood trickles down from someplace past her hairline. The arm she fell on hangs limp. The shoulder rests at an abromal angle.

It starts to laugh. The voice is masculine.  

___

PART TWO COMING..... NOW!
