Ian pulled the needle from his arm and waited to slip away silently. Everyone in the complex had been very supportive of each other over the last several weeks and had helped to keep one another from a more painful death by mob. Several had already committed suicide so he thought he’d give it a try as they seemed to go quickly and peacefully. You don't want to survive the mob only to succumb to whatever horrors are to be met tomorrow. You don't want to witness two planets colliding.

*a burning sensation*

"AAHG! None of the others had any type of reaction to this stuff. What the hell!"

He roamed down the road to Sarah's place to ask some questions and maybe just for a bit of company. The retired nurse would know of any side effects as the injections were of her brewing.
There was no answer at the door and as he peeked into the window and could see she was lying motionless in her recliner. No responses as he slapped the glass storm window. "Too late."

The burning in his arm began to subside as he rolled up his sleeve to take a first glance. He immediately saw a short message:

"however long it takes, save us"

"What tha..."

His voice faded as he felt himself leaning into a run toward the next door. He knew Jason was going to ride out the rest of the way on his balcony.
The door was not locked and he did not bother to knock.

"Jason! Where are you? Take a look at this."

There was no response and no sound which was not like Jason. He was found on his bed sitting up with a notepad and pen in his hand.

"Jason, look at this...Jason!"

There was no response from his glassy eyes and frozen lips. His body was room temperature but entirely motionless. No holes in the bends of his arms. No sign of trauma or life. No words on the page he held to his pen. He could not conjure any movement at all.

As he roamed from house to house he saw the same scene. No sound. No birds. No bugs. Only perfectly still neighbors. Hour after hour it was still about noon. A horrific realization began washing over him during the next few days as the sun sat motionless in the sky and nothing else, anywhere, moved. Ian gazed up at the approaching body and scoffed at the unimaginable task which seeped into his thoughts. A madness seeded his consciousness. 