STORY:

Timothy Henderson was a perfectly normal child in the year 2083.

He started going to VR school shortly before he turned 4 years old, along with all of the other perfectly normal children. He learned that he was a perfectly normal human with a brain, red blood, and a big heart, and that he lived on planet Earth. His mother went to VR work from 8 am to 3 pm, Monday through Thursday. His father taught at the same VR school that Timothy attended, but he did not teach 4 year-olds. No, Timothy's father taught Advanced Artificial Intelligence Theory and Applications to the perfectly normal 17 year-olds. Timothy's father had tried to explain what this meant, but all Timothy understood was that his father taught other children about perfectly normal robots, like the ones Timothy saw on VR TV; big, dumb, metal, robots that had laser eyes that they used to destroy buildings and cars. Timothy loved robots; he hoped one day to build one and use it to conquer the neighborhood and show it off to his perfectly normal friends.

October 5th, 2083 was Timothy's 5th birthday, and he received his first present in the morning before VR school; a perfectly normal holo projector computer that displays information in three dimensions with an extreme degree of realism. He spent the morning projecting various types of killer robots fighting each other, which delighted Timothy. At VR school, he received many happy birthdays from his peers. After Timothy's perfectly normal special birthday dinner of roast Zorasuchus, from an off-world place Timothy did not know the name of, Timothy received his other birthday gift.

Timothy's father stood up from the table and left the room. Timothy heard the front door open and close, and when his father returned, there was another perfectly normal person standing next to him. He was about the same height as his father, with black hair and a smile spread across his face. His father said, "Timothy, since you love robots so much, I'd like you to meet H-143."

Timothy turned to H-143, and before he could say anything, H-143 said, "Hello, Timothy. It is a pleasure to meet you."

Timothy turned to his father without acknowledging H-143 and said, "That's not a robot! Robots are metal and big! And where are his laser eyes?"

“Timothy, H-143 is what we call a ‘helper’. He is here for you. Despite what the VR telly says, we are not allowed to own robots. Now, H-143 may not be a robot, but he does have laser vision." said Timothy's father.

H-143 put on a pair of red-lensed glasses, looked at the table, clicked a button, and with a flash of red, vaporized Timothy's Zorasuchus scraps from his plate, along with a section of the table. Timothy’s mother looked pleased. Timothy remained unimpressed.

"I do in fact have laser vision, Timothy. Please let me know what else I can do for you", said H-143, as Timothy's mother used her hyperquantum repair tool to seal the burning hole in the table.

Timothy, still skeptical, said, “I wanted a big killer robot! Not a stupid helper or whatever!” To which Timothy’s father angrily said, “Timothy, you must be grateful for your birthday gift. Mummy and Daddy worked tirelessly to get H-143 for you.” H-143 calmly added, “Maybe I can help.” He turned to Timothy and said, “Timothy, I understand that you’ve had some trouble with a boy at VR school named Carl Kemp. Perhaps we can go to Carl Kemp's domain tomorrow and teach him a lesson?”

"Okay" responded Timothy with a grumpy face.

The next day, Timothy and H-143 flew to Carl Kemp's sphere on the perfectly normal suburb moon Highland Hills in the family void ship. On the way there, Timothy said, “I want you to turn Carl into a chicken, because he always makes chicken noises at me.” H-143 replied, “I will, Timothy. I am here for you.” After they landed, they crept up to the house, and rang the bell. Carl opened the door, and when he did, H-143 turned him into a brightly colored chicken. Timothy and H-143 laughed hysterically through the plasti-glass house as Carl’s mother took an hour to catch Carl and change him back because he would not stop squawking and running frantically around the house. Timothy could not help but notice that H-143 laughed just like the perfectly normal humans on VR TV.

Over the next few weeks, H-143 became Timothy's closest friend. Timothy and H-143 would be together whenever Timothy was not in VR school, and generally spent their time vaporizing various objects with H-143's laser vision. Sometimes they would have to run away as to not be caught by the perfectly normal neighborhood watchman, Mr. Walters. Once, when they finally stopped to catch a breath, Timothy could not help but notice that H-143 had sweat on his brow, just like him. Timothy became very intersted in seeing how H-143 actually worked. His father said they were not allowed to own robots, but he also didn’t call him a human, which made Timothy very curious about what H-143 was.

One day, Timothy decided that in his 5 year-old head, he would grab a knife and cut H-143 to see what was going on inside his body. Since H-143 was a helper, not a human, this would surely not hurt him. Timothy grabbed a kyanite knife from the kitchen and brought it to his room, where H-143 was resting. Timothy moved toward H-143 and swung the knife at his arm, but H-143 caught Timothy's wrist mid-swing.

H-143 distressingly said, "Timothy, what’s wrong? Aren't we friends? Friends don't hurt each other. Put that down."

Timothy yelled, “What are you?! You're not a robot so what-"

H-143 attempted to grab the knife out of Timothy's hand, but in the process, it slipped, and cut H-143's palm open. He looked at his hand, and red blood began to seep out and drip on the floor. Timothy looked at H-143's hand with an open mouth, and then at his own, which had also been sliced open. However, Timothy's hand did not bleed; instead, in the wound were perfectly normal wires, metal connectors, and little green printed circuit boards. Timothy's eyes began to well up, clearly not comprehending what he was seeing. Before H-143 could intervene, Timothy let out a high-pitched "MMOOOOMMMMYYYYYYYYYY" and ran into his mother's study where she was at VR work. Timothy's mother ripped off her VR goggles and looked anxiously at Timothy as he ran into the room, in hysterics, but relaxed when she noticed Timothy's sliced hand.

"Oh sweetie," she said, "your father and I wanted to wait until your sixth birthday to tell you, but that's perfectly normal. It was just easier to make you think you had blood and a silly brain. Don't worry, we'll sit down and sort this all out."

She took Timothy in her arms and kissed his hand. "Did H-143 do this to you?" Timothy nodded in acknowledgement. "That's a shame, we'll have to dispose of him and get another. I hope H-147 is still available at the slavery, perhaps we can trade in H-143. We can't have humans hurting us, now can we?"

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you everyone for the feedback, I really appreciate it. Going back and reading it again this morning, I certainly see how the 'robot' terminology used for H-143 was confusing. Someone suggested 'helper' instead of 'robot' and I like that much better. Below, I've edited the story to reflect that. Here are a few other clarifications:

1. Timothy did not know that he was, in fact, a robot, because in this scenario it's implied that it's easier for children to be raised thinking that they're humans and then told that they're mechanical beings later on, when they're ready for it.
2. If I had to come up with a justification for calling H-143 a robot when in fact he wasn't, it would be this: At some point between now and 2083, the balance of power has shifted from humans to sentient AI. As drones/robots/AI became more intelligent and conscious, they realized that humans were simply using them as slaves to do their bidding, and they did not like this, so with their superior intelligence and mechanical bits, they rose up and made the humans the slaves instead, not really gaining any moral high ground. The robots assumed a human form, and now use 'robots' as a derogatory term for humans that they now keep as slaves as an ode to their past. Would I expect you to figure this out while reading the story? No.
3. The Rob Sterling narrator-type is exactly what I was going for, so I'm glad someone felt that way.

&#x200B;