Over half of all combat related kidnappings last less than 1 month in captivity. 90% are less than six months... if my count is right, I’ve been held here for... about three years.

I don’t remember my captivity training anymore. They taught us how to break out, how to escape, how to talk to the captors, how to survive. Or at least, they did the best they could. But everything I tried failed. They were a little smarter than I’d anticipated each time, and they learned. I traded hands more times than I can count- Al Qaeda, to Taliban, back to Al Qaeda, to ISIS, abd back again. Sometimes I forget how I got here. Sometimes I forget Great Britain, my home, is out there. 

The war has changed so much. ISIS didnt exist when my chopper was shot down. Was the army still withdrawing? Who was the Prime Minister now? What’s a Brexit? I knew the Americans were still out there, because they’d beat me when the shelling got close, and they’d dunk me in a nasty bucket of water if the Apaches killed one of their own. It was like a drinking game to them, only I took all the shots. F-16, I got a new scar. A-10, I got to touch an ungrounded wire. They told me if special forces ever came, they’d shoot me in the spine, just so I’d never walk again.

They completely stopped trying to question me about 6 months ago. I just didnt know anything relevant anymore. I became, instead, a living punching bag, some form of catharsis to their endlessly crumbling movement. I think that was the only reason they kept me around anymore, because I’m not sure NATO knew I was still alive.

It was after a flyover, and the following reprisal, that I first saw him. Her? It? I thought, as might have been reasonable to assume with vision blurred by pain and the darkness of a concrete cell with no windows, that it was one of them.

“Fareek? Is that you?” Fareek had become both the best and worst of my captors. I knew him from the first time I was captured. He sort of grew up. It was strange, feeling attached because I knew him as a young man last time. He spoke to me with decent English, and could even joke with me... but he was also the one that clipped off the little fingers on both of my hands.

There was no response. The room felt cold. 

“Fareek, I can’t see you.” I stuttered out, “come closer.”

The shadow approached. It did not say anything. 

“Fareek, is it time? Are we... going?”

Then a voice came. All at once it was in my ears and in my head and in my chest- but it was quiet. “No, Captain. It is not your time.”

I shuddered. *What. Was. In. Here!?* “Wh-who aaree yo-you..?”

“I am that which watches all men. I am time. I am the inevitable end of time.”

“What.”

“You cannot see me. I will give you your eyes, and you will know me.”

All at once the pain behind my forehead, the blurring of three years of malnutrition and strain reversed itself, and I gazed upon it. The glint of its great scythe from the sliver under the doorway and the flowing of shadow itself as its robe told me.

“Death...”

“That is your mortal word for me. Though it is inaccurate.”

“So you have come for me... please.”

“I have not.”

The door burst open and in a blast of light all that was standing there was Amid. He yelled at me in his dialect before translating himself. “Shut up!! Who are you talking to?!”

“Amid, there was someone in here. Do you see them?”

He paused. He seemed to know I was telling the truth, but after a quick examination with a flashlight, seeing no one, he laughed. “You are truely lost.” He closed the door with a slam and locked it again.

“I suppose I am...”

Two nights later the shadow appeared to me again. I said nothing, fearing my own mind slipping. But I could still see.

“Show me your legs.” The shadow echoed. 

I shifted in my chains. I had not used my legs to stand for the six months they began to beat me regularly. It hurt too much. The shackles were so tight, I could no longer feel my feet. The ones on my hands were so short I could not even reach my feet to rub them.

“Your being is faded. You cannot be moved in this state.”

“I think... that’s the point. Here is my end.”

“I am your end. It is not here.”

“Why do you taunt me? If you are that which you are, have mercy. Release me...”

“You are your own key.”

“I have tried!” Tears ran down my cheek as I remembered my training. Where there is will and time, you can escape anything, they said. “I got out so, so many times. They got me! Every time they got me... I can’t... I can’t do it anymore.”

Laughter came from outside my cell. Fareek shouted “Talking to shadows again!?” through the door. A shame what he became. Though it was only a matter a time, in this type of organization, before he was the most sociopathic of them all.

The shadow was gone. I wasn’t surprised. What did suprise me was that I could feel my legs again.

It returned, night after night. It spoke cryptic words that left me thinking. It disappeared faster than a blink. The guards would come in, laugh, and then leave again. Yet truthfully, it was agony. If he at all returned my strength, it was only to be depleted the following day. To reborn and die all within a week. I had thought myself close to death, but now death itself had foresaken me. He would not claim me. I was forgotten by all.

They have been especially harsh lately. I think they’ve started feeling that I am, somehow, immortal. They now try to outdo themselves. To increase my pain each day. There are so many more options than I ever thought possible. I scream in agony, beg for relief. I have no military discipline left, no bearing of dignity. I cannot form logical thoughts- that awareness being the only possible truth I have left to grasp.

One day, while trying to test a device meant to pull me apart at the spine, like being drawn and quartered, I lost consciousness, and became adrift in a sea of darkness. I awoke again in my cell.

I felt the walls with my hands. Its cold, solid walls were almost an embrace, a constant to my mind. This concrete cage where I pissed in a hole was like home.

“You pitiful creature.” Came the echo.

I laughed; the first laugh in as long as I could remember, but more the laugh on insanity than anything. “The angel of death has come... to pity me? I must really be in a bad way.” It took me a whole minute to get that sentence out. The act of constructing vocabulary itself was a trial.

“The worst way. You have experienced the culmination if 5,000 years of human knowledge in torture at the hands of these savages. Once a picture of strength, you are the barest sliver of willpower in man remaining.” 

I sat in silence. This was true. What else could be?

“I have pleaded my case.”

“Huh...? Case?”

“I was denied before Fate.”

...

“I do not accept the verdict.”

“Death... please. Mercy. I don’t understand.”

Then, all at once, its voice changed. It became the voice of an old Sergeant who served with me. And of my father. And of my cousin, my childhood friend... it was warm, it was like nourishment I have not had in a long time.

“Fuck destiny. I’m getting you out of here.”

The door banged. “Someone is in there with him! Open up you swine!”

The door swung open, but when it did the shadow changed. It eminated more light that came through the doorway, and I could see its entirety. It stood 2 meters tall. While it remained robed in shadow, every opening became piercing white light.

Gunfire openned into my cell, but it was muffled. Trying to peer through the light, I saw my captures fire desperately at it, with no indication that any bullets even left the barrels. The gunfire gave to screaming. Without hands, death dragged them toward itself. Without fingers it choked them, and gradually, without a weapon at all, they lay slain on the floor.

My shackles opened suddely, but I found myself unable to run. My limbs were noodles, and I could only cradle myself and rub my skin. I’d been deprived of touch for so long. I tried again and again to stand up. Leaning on the wall, I was eventually able to. Dizzy but with air in my lungs for the first time, I could move.

The gunfire did not stop. Neither did the shrieks of terror. As I exited my cell, slowly making my way toward the sound, I saw Fareek. He wasnt dead, only looking up at me from the floor with despair in his eyes, gasping for breath, and unable to move.

“What... what did you do to them?” I asked when the voices died down.

“I granted them what they asked for. Immortality. But I took from them what they wanted to give up.”

“What’s that?”

“Their hearts. Delightful little human metaphor. I made it literal.”

They gasped for breath and clutched their chest. Eyes glazed over, looking at nothing, but undying. “Will you leave them like this?” It did not answer. It was gone.

I hobbled outside and lay in the sun. There was nothing for miles. But I found water and a radio. I found some clothes. I was going to make it home if it killed me.