‘I’ve long forgotten you ‘ death said as he took the small hour glass in his hands and arched his skull to a smile reminded of its owner, 

39 years ago the bells of ashes has rang loudly “ time to bring the souls home “ death said as he took each hour glass that was placed under the bell as the last 
spect of sand had fallen death was on his way to gather the light of life , one after another he visited some old and ready to face him some young and full with regrets nothing that death had not seen until his last hour glass , the vibrant minty green color guided him to the owner he stood between the weeping people that were in a state of distress still oblivious of his being, he looked at the light’s owner , a small girl not more than 5 years of age , death smiled at her eager light that drifted slowly to fill the hour glass but suddenly the light stopped as a small hand tucked death’s hand and furthered it from the light , death looked down to the boy that had anger and sadness in his eyes not slightly frightened be death’s appertaining ‘ he can see me ?’ death said as he turned to the little boy ‘ what is it boy ?’ death asked him , his voice reaching only the boy’s ear “ Give her back to me .” The boy said with a frown ‘ it’s not my decision.....it’s not up to me ‘ death answered “ But you can’t take lily, she’s my best friend!” The little boy answered tears soaking his eyes .
Death placed the hour glass on the floor ‘ see this?’ Death asked the boy to which the boy nodded ‘ everyone has one of these , they tell how much one can live and this one ran out of time .’ The boy looked at it for some time , before saying anything death added ‘ I’m but a collector I gather the empty ones and place them somewhere safe I can’t help with what you ask .’ 
“ is mine full ?” The boy asked , death pondered on what to say to the curiously brave creature in front of him but decided to answer him with honesty ‘ it is ‘ 
The boy looked at Lily and with a determined voice he asked “ can I share half of mine with Lily ?” 
Death looked at the boy’s innocence and wandered if he knew the consequences of what he asks ‘ if you give her half of yours then I’ll meet you sooner than you are destined to .’ The boy smiled the traces of tears still fresh on his face “ I know .” Death looked him in the eye ‘ you are not afraid of dying?’  To which the boy answered “ maybe I am but I know for sure that Lily is afraid and she always cries when she’s afraid.”  He took a small hour glass toy from his pocket and placed it in death’s hands and said “ And I don’t want Lily to cry .”


Death wiped the dust off the small toy as he felt the warmth of that memory he heard the bell of ashes ring loudly “ Time to bring souls home “ he took the empty hour glass and went to meet it’s owner , the light emanating from it more familiar than any other , he stood on the end of a hospital bed and looked at the man how greeted him with a smile . ‘ your time is up ‘ death said and the man replied with all the strength he had “ well.....I was expecting you early “ death smiled as the last particles  of dust were falling ‘ do you regret it?’ Death asked as the last spect fell , the man looked at his wife and children smiling softly as he  squeezed his wife’s hand reassuringly “.... Not one bit....”  the dandy yellow light swirled around the people at the room leaving some warmth and finally entering its glass hour , death took the hour glass with a satisfied smile he said ‘ I didn’t think you would, let’s go home ‘