I limped my way to the entrance, then took a moment to soaked up the sun. (Bless you, Amush, for your light-filled gifts.) My eyes rolled back as I smelled the grassy plains, and the sweet, sweet, dirt. (It has been too long….) I looked back at my prison-cave. (Far too long.) If it weren't for the thousands of corpses decorating the land, the day would be perfect. (Are you happy now my king?) I don’t know why I expected an answer, I’m sure King Septa was no more. My blood heated, and I threw my cane as hard as I could: “Where are your gods now! You fat fuck….where are your gods now!’ (I tried to give you good council….I tried to be your friend.) I saw my cane in the distance and began limping towards it. (Agg, my fucking leg.) I found it, then rested on a bed of grass. I gazed upon what used to be my home. Amuzia. Land of the red sun. My kingdom, or at least it use to be. In the distance, a bloodied royal lifted his head. Our eyes met for a moment, then I looked away. He began crawling towards me, he stopped for a moment, I assumed to rest, then continued on with his mission. He will not be of this world much longer. (Fool, why waste your last moments crawling?) My hands tightened around my staff. (If your crawling towards mercy….you will not find it here!)
His body betrayed him. He laid amongst the other corpses, motionless. I was surprised to see he later lifter his head. With all of his heart, he cried:“kaa….ka….athol.”
I sighed, then began limping towards the fool. 
“S….son of Doku, I beg of you….water.”
(Water? You know of me, and still, beg for water?) I spat on the dying soldier. A snotty wad slapped his right cheek: “there is your water, now drink up.”
He was motionless for a moment, then I heard a soft cry. (Is he sobbing?) I looked at him with disgust. (Has your honor died before you?) “Pleeeese….oh gods….Please!” He rocked his body side to side as if trying to cradle himself. “I’m burning….it’s so hot….” before I opened my mouth….he gave up his ghost. All that remained was another shell amongst the grass. 
I noticed his brown sackpack looked ripe for looting. (I wonder if the Royal was of wealth.) I opened the pack, and my heart sank. Inside was a child, cocooned inside a dragon egg. What is a Royal doing with the Princess? I grabbed the egg and studied it. The princess floated within her liquid home. It made me think of the first time I turned, and how painful it was. (Look at us…. dragons with no kingdom.) I lifted the egg against the sun; as it warmed the child cried. (Shhhhh, I know it hurts, but you must eat. Dragons without light, are like people without food….isn’t that right, my king!)  
