Elmo
*
*
Chad leaned back, admiring the shelving unit. It was tall but precarious and he wanted to feel the success before Roxanne overloaded it with dictionaries. He wasn’t sure the unit would survive; her love for lexicology was charming, but hell for storage. He heard her walk into the bedroom and gasp.

“It is beautiful! I want it to have my children.” Roxanne hugged him. “It didn’t even take all night to make! What do you call this masterpiece?”

Glancing at the instructions, Chad sounded out, “yah-ram-ah?”

“More like ya-ra-ma, yahoo! Am I right,” Roxanne squealed.

The smell of burning sugar filled the room and Chad held Roxanne tighter for a moment. The smell intensified until there was a gurgle noise, followed by coughing.

Next to the shelf appeared a small, red skinned person crouched down. It raised it’s head to reveal a frog shaped head, with wide set eyes and a bucket-like mouth. There was a bolt of red fuzz for hair behind it’s eyes, it flopped with each cough.

Chad and Roxanne stood in shock. The beast finally gained composure and looked at them.

“What is demon Elmo doing in our bedroom, Chad?” 

There was an accusatory tone he didn’t think necessary. She pushed him toward it and he pushed against her. 

It blinked at them, with reptilian smoothness. “Fig,” it croaked in a high, atonal voice.

“God bless you?”

“FIG.” The voice yelped. It sounded like a child trying to imitate Louis Armstrong.

“Fig? Like a fig tree?” Roxanne asked, stepping backwards.

“FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIG!”

She pulled up a picture of a fig tree on her phone and showed it to the creature. It exhaled, causing it’s hair to blow up slightly.

“Fig.”

“Roxanne,” Chad said, glad she was taking the lead, “go get this thing a fig.”

“I don’t have any fucking figs, Chad. You give it one.”

The little beast pranced on its hands and feet, which they both noticed lacked fingernails but were equipped with octopus like suckers.

“Get in the car, I know where to go.” Chad moved slowly out of the room.

Roxanne watched the creature’s eye follow Chad then turn back to her.

“Fig.”

“Fig, right? Let’s go get a fig.” She tried to keep her voice light and not look at the suckers pulsing on the carpet. Roxanne moved to the hallway and waited for it do a funny lope and hop to follow her. “Let’s get a fig, Elmo.”

Chad was standing outside,the car running and doors open. Elmo skittered into the passenger seat, perched backward and clung to the headrest. Chad started to move to the driver’s side.

“Oh now wait just a goddamn minute,” Roxanne said. “This is my car. You can sit in the fucking back, mister ‘I believe in the LA bus system.’”

“You want to sit next to that?” His arrogance flared, and annoyed Roxanne immediately.

“Doesn’t matter what I’m sitting next to, I’m driving my car.”

He guffawed as she got in. Chad settled in behind her.

“Where did you want to take this thing?”

“Whole Foods, fig city over there.”

Roxanne pulled out of the driveway and headed north. 

“Wait,” Chad said, “Marina is the other way.”

“And?”

“Don’t go to Lakewood, that’s way farther.”

She shot him a glance in the rearview mirror. “I like the one in Lakewood,” Roxanne said through clenched teeth.

Elmo made a gurgle while it stared at Chad. The suckers on the ends of its fingers twitched.

“You’re the one that wanted the god damn figs! I’m trying to get them” Chad yelled.

“Don’t yell at Elmo!”

“What the fuck, this thing just appeared and is creepy as shit and you’re taking its side? After I spent two hours fu-”

Elmo sprung to the back seat and landed on Chad. The motion startled Roxanne, who swerved but managed to correct. She heard Chad’s head thump against the window and a soft watery sound. She couldn’t bring herself to look in the mirror and when she pulled into the Whole Foods parking lot, her muscles ached from tension.

She killed the engine and turned around. Elmo had its fingers on Chad’s neck and toes on Chad’s thighs. The noise was 20 suction cups siphoning blood. Chad seemed dazed but conscious.

Roxanne spun out of the car and opened the back door. Chad slumped out and she tried to guide him to the pavement while the creature was still attached. She was speechless with horror until rage filled her.

“Elmo,” she screached, “bad Elmo! Bad!” 

Elmo, who was also in a type of trance, seemed to focus on her. Elmo’s eyes had a golden tone from the parking lot lights, and looked questioning.

“Dammit, Elmo, no!” She wacked Elmo on the snout. “He’s not a fig!”

Elmo recoiled, popping off of Chad and crumpling on the pavement at Roxanne’s feet, making noises like puppy whines.

Chad blinked. “The fuck?”

She crouched down and held Elmo. Roxanne found Elmo was actually covered in fine, short, red hair velvet soft. “Elmo’s probably really scared, Chad. Show some compassion.”

“They attacked me,” he squeaked, touching where the suckers had been.

“You know Elmo didn’t mean it!” She held the little beast against her as it calmed.

“Fig,” it said in a quiet peep.
“Chad, stay here. We gotta get in there before they close.” Roxanne stood, hoisting Elmo into a nearby shopping cart. It settled as it had in the car, facing backwards towards Roxanne, set on its hind legs. She took her sweater off and draped it over Elmo. “You’ve had a rough day. Let’s get you some figs.”

