it finally happened. that long rumored plague of epic proportions. no continent or socio-economic demographic has been spared. the flame has ripped through entire city blocks. thousands of miles of the suburban dream lie engulfed in flame. the final broadcasts of satellite tv show the arterial roadways of the united states burning with a brutally vivid influenza. nobody is quite sure what happens after you pass, but all who still live know the excruciating cries of their loved ones as they pass on to the other side. but the great beyond is not what it used to be. 

thoughts of a peaceful death and quiet pasture have largely fled the populace as they witness their beloved turn. any contact with the dead will cause it. bites, cuts, scratches, and contact with bodily fluids and secretions will undoubtedly cause infection. 

even in their most valiant efforts humans turn after prolonged engagements with the dead. the most perverse portrayals of the coming holocaust always assumed that as long as you could kill them you could wallow in the filthy dead without consequence. but the mountains of gore produced by the initial military actions only served to spread the disease at an alarming rate. the rivers ran red with toxic waste and those who fought invariably ingested the disease. 

Stewart had been smart. as a biologist at the university he quickly recognized that this plague was not simply restricted to the "zombie's bite." it was everywhere, lurking in every pile of disgruntled flesh and foul mass that now littered the landscape. He never rallied to the patriotic calls or militant stances adopted by the mainstream. He understood what his superiors could not; that the disease would spread regardless of bureaucratic agendas. the heroic would not survive. only the smart. 

His wife and parents had gone quickly whilst shopping at the market in the first wave of the pandemic. His coworkers and friends had all disappeared, He only hoped a few of them had escaped. 

that left just Stewart and Emily alone on the path for redemption. they had seen fewer and fewer humans over the past weeks. initially the streets were full of militiamen, bandits and warlords full of ideas for the new world. Stewart had avoided false prophets at every cost and Emily - clever girl that she was - had acted every part and answered every question perfectly as they navigated this new societal landscape. 

they had escaped the human element, all that remained was the dead. they wandered for weeks, staring emptily at those who still underwent their crucifixion, and promptly avoiding those whose deathly wanderings still spread infection. 

but one day Stewart made a horrible mistake. they stumbled upon a massive superstructure somewhere in central Illinois. they had wandered through urban wastelands, deathly suburban sprawls, and rural hordes but for some reason this massive building seemed empty. 
No signs of life or death existed on the outside, almost as if the conflagration had never touched this little oasis. 

Stewart was suspicious but his ravaged heart desperately sought hope, and he saw a spark of possibility in this quiet building. none of the typical warning signs existed. no burnt out tanks, piles of shell casings, mountains of  roasted flesh, or wandering dead were visible in the project yard. 

the doors were all barred with little exterior damage and he wondered if perhaps this building had repelled the wave of death and ridden out the storm in relative quiet. as he clipped a chain and snuck inside Emily questioned him: "are you sure dad? it looks spooky..."

'It's ok, I think we could find supplies and maybe a night's rest here"

it took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the abject darkness of the project hallway. his flashlight shone on an empty stairwell and his hopes were fueled. as they ascended floor to floor, looking for signs of life and food, Emily grew more and more nervous.

"Dad there's something bad here."
"I haven't seen anything yet dear, what do you mean?"
"I hear something buzzing. Like a faraway bee."
"Darling I honestly don't hear anything what do you think..."

Before he could finish his thought he heard a faint buzzing turn into a low rumble as the stairwell began to shake. The concrete began to crumble and the air rang with the snarling of the dead as the horde began to push down from the top floor. 

"quick! this way" cried Stewart as he swept Emily of off her feet and fled down the nearest hallway. as he jiggled with various doorways he felt the horde closing in from both sides of the hallway. as he finally wrenched open a door a runner from the east stairwell caught him by the arm. he stabbed it in the temple with his bowie knife but the cretin already had a chunk of Emily's bicep in his mouth. 

Stewart cried with shock and surprise but when he looked at the gaping wound in Emily's arm he knew his struggles had been in vain. his one reason for existing and persisting had already been lost. he collapsed to the ground and scuttled into the decrepit studio apartment on his rear end as he kicked the door closed behind him. 

He desperately clung for his breath as he lay on the floor sobbing. the thrashing of the horde grew louder as he heard the pleas of his beautiful innocent daughter. 
"DAD?!?"
He couldn't answer through his desperate sobs. 
"DAD! They're coming!"
"Please, DADDY!" Was the last he could take before ripping open the door and scooping her up into his arms. 
He knew she was already turning, he knew that he had already failed his blood and kin. his only rationale for pushing through this world of death and despair had been her. he no longer had any reason to live, other than to comfort her as she passed. he knew he could and probably should just kill her, but he needed her to know what she meant to him. that she was the only worthwhile thing he had ever created, that even before the plague she was the only reason he ever got up in the morning. that she was the sun to his pathetic earth. 

Stewart held Emily for two hours as she thrashed violently and vomited blood all over the rotting floors. She nodded and smiled through her convulsions nuzzling into his shoulder as she acknowledged her fathers love. She gazed longingly into her heroes eyes as she finally turned. A brief moment of stillness was violently interrupted as Emily gnashed at her father's throat and ripped his jugular out of his still breathing throat. 