The expedition to the teachers’ lounge had been far more exacting than Sandy had anticipated, and leaving the package at Mrs Cathers’ desk relieved none of the tension. Part of the challenge was having to suppress the conflicting emotions bubbling within – the rational side of her knew that she had no real choice in the matter, but the softer side still ached at the loss of her one true worldly possession in the entirety of Shelter B23. 

The other part of her struggles stemmed from trying to answer the thousand and one questions which her younger brother was peppering her with as they returned to their dormitory. Ralph was her personal devil’s advocate, manifest in real life. Any other 12 year-old would surely have cracked, but Sandy persevered.

“Will we ever get to watch our ‘jector again?”

“Maybe. I’ll have to ask Engineering, they should have what we need.”

“But… you said that they *couldn’t* help, that Mrs Cathers and the other teachers had already asked them. No circuit boards to spare, that’s what you said.”

“The Shelter’s so big, Ralph. I’m sure they will find some for us.”

“Then why’s we got to give them ours? Why did you have to break our ‘jector?”

Sandy’s grip on Ralph’s hand tightened for the briefest moment. She had sharp words prepared, all ready to roll off her tongue, a classic formulation to stem further unwelcome comments. But she met his defiant eyes and saw that he truly did not understand. Her parents’ voices, sharp and crystalline, sounded in her head, almost as if their hologram projector was still playing.

*Every opportunity is a learning one, Sandy. Never close off an inquisitive mind.*

“I told you, Ralph. Our projector has the same circuit board as the learning modules in the classroom. Until Engineering comes up with a better solution, the fastest way to fix the modules is to put in our circuit board.”

“Why can’t they just go out and get some! There’s a town nearby, I’m sure they can go find their own circuit boards!”

Sandy shook her head. “No one in, no one out. It’s only been a couple of months since the bombs fell. Still too much poison in the air outside. Everything outside is still tainted.”

“But… but I don’t even like school! If the modules are fixed, we all have to go back to class!”

“Don’t you want to see Mrs Cathers? And how about all your friends?”

“I can see them fine *without* school!”

“Yes, but school is important, much more important than…”

“Don’t you understand? Without the ‘jector, we won’t get to see daddy or mummy anymore!”

Ralph flung away her hand, crossed his arms in protest. Sandy saw the moisture beading in his eyes, and knew that once he was out of arguments, he would retreat to the final refuge of tears. In truth, she was close to crying herself. He had a point – their holotapes were useless without a functioning projector, and theirs was the only one in the entire Shelter.

How many years would it be before they could venture out, find another projector?

Another family passed them along the corridors. They were wearing cut-out party hats, evidently on their way back from the Christmas celebrations in the main hall. Sandy pulled Ralph closer to her, buried his head in her side. It wouldn’t do to have other people ask too many questions of them. Failing to declare their projector when they first entered the Shelter was an offence, and Sandy didn’t think want to test the theory that gifting it away to Mrs Cathers would get them out of trouble.

They walked on in silence for a couple of minutes before Ralph tentatively slipped his hand back in hers. 

“I’m… I’m not mad at you,” said Ralph. “I’m just… upset…”

“Hush,” said Sandy. “Trust me, one day you’ll understand. It’s far more important that classes get to go on, and you know daddy and mummy would have wanted us to do the same.”

“Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m going to make sure I never forget what they look like! I have them here,” and at this point Ralph tapped the side of his head, “fresh from the holotapes!”

Sandy laughed. “Yes, yes. How many times did we watch them, you think?”

“Hundreds! Thousands!” 

“Admit it! You got tired of all the bad jokes daddy was making in them, right?”

“Oh man! His joke about the rainbow pony was *so* lame!”

“And what about the salty shellfish? That was *really* bad too-”

Sandy stopped in her tracks so abruptly that she almost pulled Ralph off balance. There, in front of the dormitory unit she shared with Ralph, right on the doorstep, was a single envelope. Next to it was a miniature Christmas tree, replete with a sprinkling of what appeared to be snow. 

“Presents! We got one too!”

“Don’t be silly. That’s just…”

While Ralph occupied himself with examining the tree, laughing as his fingers brushed the pine leaves, Sandy opened the envelope. It was addressed to the both of them, and the letter inside was written on the most pristine paper she had seen. It was scented too, and long-buried memories stirred as undertones of the outside world, of Christmas cheer, of crackling fireplaces, of pudding and potatoes and sparkling wine, floating up from the missive.

*Dear Sandy, Ralph,* the letter began.

*Both of you have been very good this year. That present you gave to Mrs Cathers, and the rest of the class? You should know that they will appreciate it, far more than you can ever imagine. The children will swear and curse when they have to return to class, and it will be years before they even know that they owe you anything, but trust me, your selfless act will go much further than you can imagine.*

*Speaking of years… the doors to the Shelter will open in approximately three years’ time. When that happens, you may wish to follow the directions below. They will lead you to a town, maybe a day or two away. When you’re there, look for the local church. You can’t miss it, it’s the only building still standing.*

*There, deep within the cellars of the church, is a small group of survivors. They are made up mainly of those who were turned away when the Shelters were too full. And it is there that you can put the loss of your projector aside, because rather than wallow in memories, you and your brother will have the chance to make new ones.*

*Merry Christmas!*

---

/r/rarelyfunny
