I woke up this morning.  

When she asked me if she could spend the night, I won't lie, my heart hadn't raced like that in ages. It had to be her. I felt my senses come alive -- to be quickly dashed apart by the horrible reminder that I was almost seventy-two hours since I quit caffeine. I could barely remember the last time I went a day without some sort getting me through the day. I'd never made it through two without passing out, waking up and having to get some into me to get going again. But this was it. It was night three and I could feel the exhaustion crushing me.  

And then there she was, after all the years. Remembering her face the same way it was ages ago when we first met. Her arms squeezing tightly around me. I couldn't tell her that I wouldn't wake up in the morning. She would cry. She might tell me that I'm selfish. But I can't do it anymore. I couldn't live in this dream world.  

And I let her come with me anyway.  

The Doctors all agreed that it was a mostly harmless fix that would get us all through our days. And they knew what was right. They had the education, the degrees. Just about one cup of coffee or strong tea would do it. And so life went on.  

What they didn't tell us was that you couldn't stop. You had to have one cup at minimum a day. symptoms would quickly start to manifest after 24 hours of not having consumed any. Symptoms included irritability, fatigue, thirst. I want it came down to it, what price was that to pay. A couple day. Easy.  

So, in every culture around the world it became part of our daily routines. The Doctors, they just called it your daily dose. 

Three days without dosing.  

Our arms intertwined, her breasts crushing against mine. And time stretched to infinity until sleep finally claimed me for the last time.  

Or so I thought.  

But this morning I awoke. And I cried. Their still bodies draped in the white hospital blankets lay in beds to my sides, only their faces showing. The faint color of life brushing their cheeks.  

Eventually the nurses came and helped sit me up; the tears came much harder this time. The room extended into the distance, bed after bed. One comatose body after another. 

My life hadn't just felt like a dream...