"Eavesdropping" is such an ugly word, with ugly connotations to boot. It has never been my intention to spy on others -- save for that time in Elfres, though that's another story. No, I prefer to think of it as "environmental awareness." Observing the goings-on of my immediate surroundings has proven useful more times than I could ever hope to count. It's a habit I instilled in myself at a young age, and in this I have honed my skills ever since.

It should come as no surprise, then, that when Katherine speaks, I hear. Though I try my best to pay attention to everything at all times, I find myself drawn to the sound of her voice. It's distracting. Like a loud noise that forces me to look her way. But "loud" is not a word I'd use to describe Katherine. She is soft, gentle, like a lullaby. But she's no lullaby, either. When Katherine speaks, I find myself revitalized and full of energy, ready to take on the world. 

I have never been good with words. She's difficult for me to describe. But if I had to pick just one word, I'd say that she is beautiful.

So when I overheard her talking to the alchemist, James, in the castle gardens, I had to listen. My job was mind-numbingly tedious as it was, and I have already said that she distracts me to no end. Besides -- picking weeds and grooming hedges require only slight attention.

"Did you hear about the killings last night?"

My ears perked up at this. 

"No, but I expected a few. Who was it this time?" James asked as they walked the gravel garden path.

"Two village men and a little girl, cut down in Market. Witnesses say the killer vanished in the blink of an eye."

James grunted. "That matches the other reports we've received. Seems this guy has no intention of giving up."

I frowned. Ten seperate killings in the last two weeks. Three or four victims each time. All in public, and the attacker didn't leave a trace. They were calling him "The Reaper" (a clichéd name, I know). The city was terrified, and King Florence had so far done nothing about it.

Katherine sighed. I knew that sigh. She was leading up to something.

"I just wish there was something I could do," she said. She paused, waiting for a reply.

"All we can do is keep out of the Guard's way."

She was silent for a moment. Then she snapped her fingers. "Oh!" She exclaimed, "I just got an idea!"

I smirked. She'd known for a while.

"What if you got me a bottle of invisibility elixir? I could wait at Market, watch for the Reaper, then take --"

"NO," James interrupted. "Absolutely not! It's too dangerous." 

But no man can resist Katherine for long.

**

I realize I've neglected to tell you some important details about Katherine. She is beautiful, yes, but she has a fire in her belly; what drives her is not money or fame. She has a steadfast determination to do good simply for the sake of doing good. This manifests itself in a few ways, my favorite of which is her tendency to beat the shit out of anyone who threatens her city.

I've seen it on a few occasions. The first time, she dismantled a group of bandits who had set up camp in a farm a few miles out. I was about to do something, myself, but she beat me to it. Instead I got to watch in awe as sixteen men, all armed to the teeth, were beaten down by a fourteen year old girl. That was four years ago. She was even better now.

Suffice to say, James didn't know what he was talking about. If anything is "too dangerous" for Katherine, I'll eat my spade.

**

Later that night I found myself on a roof, in a black cloak and a mask, watching Katherine walk down the street.

I know how that sounds. You may not believe me, but I just wanted to make sure she was safe. I have a... particular skill set of my own that lends itself to this sort of work. And I knew nothing about this Reaper fellow beyond what I had overheard, so she could very well have been in danger. I had no way of knowing.

So despite my utter confidence in Katherine, I was watching over her anyway. I tailed her for an hour or so, leaping from roof to roof while she walked below. Finally she reached Market. She looked around once or twice, made herself comfortable on the steps of a corner shop, and downed her invisibility elixir.

Then she was gone. 

I made myself comfortable as well. All the attacks so far had been in broad daylight, and we had a few hours yet. It was a little strange that she had come out this early to begin with, but I wasn't one to judge.

I heard a footstep on the roof behind me. Just one, so faint I shouldn't have been able to hear it. But I did, and to this day I regret it.

I jumped to my feet and turned to face Katherine.

I opened my mouth to explain, but the look in her eyes killed the words before they touched my lips. And in that second of hesitation, she struck. First a straight right, then a left hook. I blocked her attacks more by instinct than choice, and before I knew it we were locked in a battle. I tried to find the words to explain myself, but every breath I took was thrown out of me by her onslaught.

"You're not very good at tailing people," she said through her teeth as she fought. "You follow too close. I could see you easily." 

Suddenly she disengaged and jumped backwards. I took the opportunity to catch my breath. I watched her as I panted. Reaching into her cloak, she pulled out a small bottle and quickly drank it. And then she was gone. Another invisibilty potion.

*They must have a limited duration,* I mused. But I didn't think for long. A massive kick struck me in the back and I fell forward, the breath driven from my lungs.

I scrambled to my feet and looked around, seeing nothing. I knew she was there. I just had to find her.

I closed my eyes and listened. There! To the right.

She struck again, but this time I was ready. I caught her fist and yanked on it, slamming her to the ground. But just like that she had wriggled out from under me, and found her way on top.

I don't know if you've ever wrestled with an invisible person before, but it's quite difficult. At various points during the grapple I searched for an arm or a leg to grab, then found it a foot in the other direction. She didn't have that problem.

So when I found myself underneath her, and had a reasonable idea of where her torso was, I took my chance and kicked her over my head, behind me. For a moment at least, I was in the clear. Then I heard a scream. I scrambled to my feet and turned around to face the edge of the roof.

*Shit.*

I raced to the side of the building and looked down. I couldn't see Katherine anywhere. The elixir hadn't worn off yet, it seemed. All I could see was a cloud of dust thrown up where she had landed, and even that was fading quickly. I waited for her to appear.

When I found myself still standing there an hour later, I knew she was gone. I hoped she was alright. I didn't mean to hurt her. This was all just a misunderstanding. It would work itself out in the end, right?

Looking back, I couldn't have been more naive.

*Author's Note: Typed this on my phone at work. I hope it makes sense. I'll proofread and revise when I get home.*

*This is my first full length writing prompt. Please critique me!*