"So what is the deal with the penguin?" she asked. 

I live in a small town and things you blurt out as a kid just tend to follow you for the rest of your life. People say they move to bigger cities because of money, I am sure at least few of them escape their home town as they don't want to be known as guy who peed his pants when he was 7 for the rest of their lives. Either way, when I was a kid I said big penguin is following me around everywhere and only I can see it. To be fair I didn't say that once, I would tell that to anyone who cared to listen (multiple times if possible). I became Penguin Guy and I am sure not even winning Noble Prize would ever change that. At least I am lucky that Ellie moved into town after that, so she doesn't know full story about penguin fiasco, she is basically my only chance to ever get anything similar to social life in this town. 

"It is nothing really, just some wild ramblings of a kid that happened 15 years ago, I tried to convince everyone I have penguin following me and guarding me.I guess at that time I thought that would make me look cool, so I told that story to anyone who would listen. That kind of stuff sticks around with a person"- I had to lie, telling her that penguin is actually 3 feet away from her never really appeared as an option. Penguin has been there for 20 years and will always be there. He just stands there silently, he only moves when I am in danger of injuring myself (be it by me being clumsy or suicidal). He would come in and save me - always doing it in such a way that nobody around us would notice anything supernatural. If I trip he would just hold me in a way that would make it seem like I held my balance with my other leg. He is some kind of guardian angel for me, one I never asked for. 

"Kids don't usually lie about that stuff, at least not while for as long as you just said you tried to convince everyone. I am sure there is more to that. Come on,you don't have to be shy about that. I know you are not 7 anymore" .Fuck me sideways if her smile and harmless curiosity aren't just melting me inside. 

"Well when I was a child, my older brother died. My parents were never same after that and since I missed my buddy and my parents didn't really give 2 shits about anything after the tragedy - I started telling stuff to get attention" I did tell the truth in part. Penguin did appear after the death of my brother. My brother is probably my only nice memory of my childhood, his death scared me for life. I don't really think I am still over it,my parents surely aren't. 

"I am sorry if I went too far, it was never my intention" 

"Nah, I would too be curious if someone who I am on a date with is called Penguin Guy by whole town" I said just wanting to play it down and escape that topic. 

I really liked Ellie, I did my homework and creeped shit out of her before we went out on a date. I know she is into tennis, so I spent last week basically learning everything about fucking tennis and Serena Williams. I had that forehand,backhand shit covered so I knew where to take the conversation. She truly enjoyed listening to my "opinions" I stole from authors whose reputation I barely know, so before I noticed I enjoyed the conversation about something I know nothing about. That kind of made us never return to penguin topic that night. We said our goodbyes and we went each their own way.

When I woke up next morning I saw penguin reading some book I left on the table last night. To be honest I am not even sure what it is about. But I found it really weird, penguin never did anything. He was always just standing still. He seemed to enjoy the book and spent whole morning reading it. When I needed to go to work he dropped the book and followed me. He stood my whole shift next to me doing nothing but staring  at me, like he has done for all my life. 

When I returned home I couldn't find my book. I never really cared much as I barely remember what is it about. Also I had another date with Ellie tomorrow, so my mind was occupied. Vauge tennis references aren't gonna make themselves. 

Before I left for the date, I noticed that penguin has picked up another book from my room. I figured he probably finished first one. I still found that insanely weird, but decided to give it no thought. 

Second date became third, third became fourth and so on. Before you know it tennis references became inside jokes and I only felt joy when it was time to meet Ellie. There was not cold sweat night before if I will have anything interesting to talk about with her. As my relationship with Ellie progressed, my penguin problem became more tolerable. For most of the day he would just take one of my books and read them in the corner of my room (while I would actually try to figure out if he is really reading books or is my mind fucking with me, turns out he actually knows how to read- his reactions to events in the books are rightly timed but really overblown - borderline childlike) and when Ellie comes over he would just leave the room so I feel I am truly alone with her. He would still follow me tightly the moment I leave for my shift, but I could live with that. 

One year later my relationship with Ellie is still going strong, some hiccups here and there but nothing we can't overcome. I think she doesn't even remember whole Penguin Guy story anymore. Talking about penguin as he advanced trough my bookshelf he started liking books less and less. He was really into epic fantasy, just as my brother was (dude loved Aslan from Narnia more than our own mother, it seemed), so I decided to go out of my way to buy epic fantasy books. Penguin didn't even seem as nuisance anymore, I kind of started treating him as a friend. Ever since he stopped following me at my footstep my life has been going better, I got a raise at my job so 20 bucks a moth I spend to keep him happy seems like a great deal.

I started noticing penguin wasn't in my room even on regular days. He started carrying my books everywhere (even my office, I am still not sure can other people see floating book and then convince themselves it is fake or they see nothing). From time to time when I try to cook something for Ellie I even manage to cut myself, 2 years ago I wasn't able to do that - penguin would stop any physical harm to come to me. He seems to be getting careless. 

On our third anniversary I finally decided to propose to Ellie, she said yes. We went looking for an apartment worthy of newly engaged couple. We went alone, penguin now even lets me drive alone. He never even watches me at home anymore, I notice that he is around only by him dropping books he read on my desk and taking a new one from my bookshelf. 

To this day I will always buy new epic fantasy books for my oldest friend and I would donate ones he read to children hospitals. Ellie even finds my hobby fun. We are expecting a boy, we already agreed on the name too. Peter will be the name, in honor of my silent friend who seemed to be happiest whenever Peter is mentioned in "The Chronicles of Narnia"(he probably read each book from that series 10 times by now). I wouldn't have made it this far without him. 