“My boy! You just bought level 50!? Such a savage.” Said Tyrone almost choking on the gulp of Mountain Dew he had just ingested. 

“Yeah, I got a pay raise at my new job so I caved. Besides, I gottta bulk up our squad cause we’ve been losing team battles as of late.” Said Tim as he relaxed on his gaming chair. 

“Yo! But did y’all hear about this new hyped game called Shooters Maxima? Apparently micro transactions within the game will cease to exist. Level will be only be achieved through grinding it out.” I said as I anxiously waited to hear their response. 

“Bro! Artificial Entertainment will sink if they dare do this to us. Trust me bro. How else will they entice us to one up each other if we aren’t spending to get better? It just doesn’t work that way Jared.” Said Tyrone. I could tell he was a bit heated but I reserved further commentary to not invoke a heated argument.

Deep inside something was telling me skill-to-win was the truest form of playing video games but the history suggested otherwise. I mean we were in the year 4059 and it’s been this way since I was born. Where could I turn to? 

Then suddenly Tim commented on the subject. “You know, if somehow we could search the history of gaming on the internet then we will uncover the greater truths of how gaming was meant to be played.” 

This left me thinking for a while in silence, contemplating how to process this. I mean, he does have a point; given the absence of Net-neutrality from knowing the real truth of the past. Sure, the internet describes pay-to-Win as existing since the inception of gaming but what if it’s just a bunch of crap fed to us to make us spend? And what were Artificial Entertainment’s motivations for creating a game that was skill-to-win? I needed to know. 

I mustered the courage and told the guys. “I must know, we must know! We must find the truth for ourselves! As gamers I feel we must uncover the truth of where pay-to-Win came from and why suddenly there is a shift in this new highly anticipated game!”

“Pshhhhhhh! Are you crazy!? Just let it go bro. Shooters Maxima is not going to change the landscape of the gaming community.” Tyrone said as he spit out the Mountain Dew he was drinking. 

I just couldn’t accept that.