It'd been ten years. Ten, long years.

A man with a milky-white eyeball, clouded over with a scar that ran down it, his remaining eye a clear day sky's blue that pierced into someone's soul. A farmer's weathered hands, lashed by the elements, a tattoo with no meaning I had ever been able to derive and he'd never felt like sharing. 

She'd said she loved me. "Why, Joe?" I asked, at last, keeping my throat clear. He knew me as he took me in, that lone eye wandering my length. I knew why, he knew, but I wanted to hear it for myself.

"Truth was, for all her sweet honeyed words, she never loved anyone so much as herself, and she *despised* you," he answered truthfully. "Look at ye. Ye've yer health, yer wealth, and yer not slavin' away fer a woman who never loved ye."

I gave him an embrace. "Where did you go?" I asked him. "Where did *she* go?" I'd stood there on the altar, waiting, and waiting, the sun slowly clouding over, like a mist about to take my life and shroud it in a fog. *What had I done wrong, why?* I learned later, the last anyone had seen of my bride-to-be, she was in his car, wearing white, with a suitcase in tow, an excited smile on her face.

"Done told her I was a millionaire," he spat sideways, still never taking that eye off me. "Didn't take long for the rental agency to come calling. By the time she figured out she'd been had-" I remembered taking down the tent myself, still wearing my tux. The kind words from my family, the glares from the bride's family, who had been so inconvenienced as to witness the biggest non-event of my life so far.

The words rocked me. She'd been so wholesome- I could *still* remember her smile, her laugh. They were intoxicating. They were...*fake*? My memory rewrote itself- already, I could imagine the corner of that smile warping- and as I looked into Joe's eye, my memory of her warped.

"But she was *special."*

"No, son, I'm afraid she wasn't. But I broke her heart just the same as she surely broke yours. The things she told me there, in that honeymoon suite-" no wonder I hadn't gotten the deposit back. "-ye dodged a bullet." 

"That's what you said to my brother," I realised. "He said-" 

"Yeah, Jenaine wasn't loyal, either. All it took was a smile, the appearance of having cash laying around and-"

"-and they got into the car with you."

He nodded, slowly. "Still," he said. "That was the last gal in town. Sorry to say, seems they're all like that." 

"What hap-?" I cut myself off. I didn't want to know, but he told me anyways: 

"Shame. She knew she'd lost- and in her misery, in knowing she'd been revealed for what and who she was, she took her own life. I hear they go to hell, if it's any consolation." It wasn't. I'd wanted to believe that she'd loved me. That she was capable of love. It had made for such a better life.  "I'm sorry-" but I was already walking away, in a stupor.

I went back to my house, where my alcoholic of a brother, whose fiancé had left *him* was asleep on my couch in the mid-day. Dale called, saying he'd seen Joe- soon, everyone was calling one another. He'd done this, over and over. Somehow, we'd believed that we were each special, that we could make a woman love us, that she could stay loyal to us, that she might somehow prevail against Cotton Eyed Joe. And yet none among us could remain angry at the man who had laid bare how shallow their 'love,' that no matter how deeply professed, was undone with the Glamour ol' Joe could put on- the illusion of more money money our depressed, sleepy old town had seen in ages, and they were running after "his" car. 

Some of the men had thought to warn their brides-to-be, but it had become a sort of quiet ritual among us. It's a sad feeling, when an entire town knows they're going to die alone. But in a way, we'd been withering on the vine for decades. All ol' Cotton-Eyed Joe did was make it obvious.

(Sticking to the lyrics here- all he does in the song is smile at them, sends them to hell, and soon there are no women left in the town.)