She gets younger, I get older.

I was wandering the shore of a beach in what would become Italy when I first saw her. Saw it. That dark hole, followed by a flash of light. And there she was, standing there. Looking at me. She knew me, I didn't know her. But, with tears in her eyes, she ran to embrace me. She wasn't young. I would never have given her a second glance if she had appeared before me in any other fashion.

"I haven't much time." She sobbed into my shoulder "I had to see you once more before I went. This was the earliest back I could find you."

My breath caught. My heart skipped a beat. Not a person alive should know my curse. My nineteen hundred and fifty third year alive in this world was a year where I trusted nobody with such a thing. 

I pushed her away, gazing into her deep blue eyes. "I don't know you."

She smiled. A sad smile. A smile I had seen in my own eyes in the mirror many a time. Regret. Longing. Love. "No, but you will."

She coughed, covering her mouth. Pain was written across her face but her smile never faded. 

"Are you okay?" 

She showed me the hand she had coughed into; her palm covered in black blood. "I have to go. When you find me again, please don't say anything."

She turned and stared out over the ocean, the setting sun casting an orange glow on her face and leaving a very long shadow across the sand. She fell to her knees. And then her face landed in the sand. I ran to her, but she was already dead.

----


It had become a faint, faint memory by the next time I saw her. I was hiking up a mountain in the Himalayas. It was dark and I had made camp, warming myself by a fire as snow fell all around me. A flash of light illuminated my camp and I turned, and instantly recognized the woman I'd seen all those years ago. She looked younger. Her hair wasn't grey as it had been, but deep red and as striking as the fire. But her eyes, those blue eyes, were the same. Smoother skin, but the same face. 

She sat herself, cross-legged by the fire and warmed her hands by it as she looked at me, smiling.

"You were hard to find. But the remains of this fire...they lasted a long time."

"Who are you?" I asked. Even more questions filled my mind with every word she spoke.  

"A friend." She flashed a cheeky grin. 

"What are you doing here, *friend*?

"I made it my duty to know everything that I could about you. After...what happened, It mattered to me."

"Well, what happened?"

She shook her head. The same sad smile as a century ago. "We made a promise to each other. You don't tell me my future, I don't tell you yours." She took a deep breath of the cold mountain air.  "The air is never so fresh, where I'm from. Its a real shame. These mountains....Are truly beautiful. What brought you here?"

I looked out over the valley below, blanketed in white. I could see a few small pillars of smoke in the distance from the nearest village, but otherwise the scenery was unspoiled. "To be the first to climb to the top of every mountain. Although its harder than I thought, maybe I'll just go for the tallest..." I laughed. It was a trek and a half to get this far, and I wasn't even close.

"I want to see you again. I want you to be able to  see me again, to know me. I can't say much now. But I will. Some day."

"I suspect you will find you way back to me somehow. I don't know who or what you are, but you seem to have...your ways."

"Every place you go. Every journey you finish. Scratch this symbol..." She said, and drew a spiral in the snow, then a line through the middle. "...Into something nearby. I'll find you."

She stood and walked over to the nearest ledge and looked over the snow, before she vanished in a black void followed by a flash of light.

---

The woman found my a few dozen times since then, over the next few thousand years. I trekked through the Andes Mountains, and scratched the symbol into the side of a rock. Less than a minute later, she appeared and was standing by my side. I offered to take her on a tour of the city. She said it would one day be called Machu Pichu, and she seemed very interested in learning about it.

I learned a little about her, too. She told me that she was from three and a half thousand years in the future, give or take and her name was Lorra, Or something to that effect. She said it before I had any comprehension of the written word but I remember the way she had said it. She was knowledgeable in something known as  medicine.  She makes sick people healthy. I wondered why she didn't save herself, on that beach in Italty. But I didn't say anything to her about that.

Another time, I was walking through a forest in a place known as Japan. I scratched her symbol into a rock, and there she was. With every time I met her, she became younger, more full of life, and more excited to see me than ever. She told me about parts of the future of these wonderful islands. 

I told her about myself, eventually. I told her I'd been born under the passing of a comet, over two thousand years before. She listened and smiled, but not a thing I said seemed to take her by surprise, she just nodded knowingly. 

I suppose I'd told her all of this once before, in my future. Her past. 

I told her instead that I'd come to these islands to study swordsmanship under some of the masters, to see their arts and learn all I could. I had long since learned to visit every place, every culture, for their eventual, inevitable destruction under the everflowing tides of time would take with it boundless knowledge. I thought that if I could see and remember, just a little of it, they would never truly be lost.

Then, once I finished talking, she pulled me close and gave the most heartwarming hug I would ever feel. And then she walked into the distance and vanished in the darkness and light.

---

By the year twenty-eighteen, I'd visited every continent, seen every piece of artwork and learned many things about technology. But still I found ways to leave the symbol and await her appearance. I missed her when she wasn't here, but she never stayed for long. But the knowledge that everything I had seen was known by another filled me with hope. Maybe the peoples who had long since vanished would be known by somebody. She was family to me; always there when I needed someone to talk to, the only other person who would follow me through time. But with every time I met her I felt things change.

She was no longer treating me like and old friend. She was still happy to see me, but timid. She was young now, and  even though she knew so very very much about me, I could tell, feel, that she knew me less well than the woman from the beach. 

One day I was walking down the streets of New York City. An amazing, busy place. Words she had once spoken to me rang through my mind; that the air was never as clear where she had come from as when I met her on the mountain. I felt the truth in that. Cars drove past me, monolithic buildings towered overhead, all around me. Things a few centuries ago would have been thought impossible.

I had never seen the world change as much over thousands of years as it had in the last two centuries. I felt alone, and disconnected from my past.

I went into a nearby store and bought a can of spray paint, and made my way to central park where I found a bench. I sprayed her symbol onto the concrete beneath my feet and, sure enough, there she was. A flash of light, but nobody around to see it.

I had long since learned to be careful of where I had her make her entrances. People had seen her once, in medieval England. It had led to quite a bit of strife.

She sat beside me on the bench.

"I detest this city," she said. "all the places we could be, and we have to meet here?"

It took me off guard. She was very young now. Early twenties, I suppose. 

"Why? Why do you detest it?"

She looked around, at the skyscrapers and the cars. and the park around us. "Its a symbol of everything that my generation regrets about the past of humanity. Too many people and not enough care."

It was the only time she had ever seemed displeased with anything when we met. "I wanted to see the gallery of modern art. I went to Broadway. I watched a game of baseball, finally. Terribly boring. The world doesn't feel the same. Maybe Its just that everything I remember growing up is long since forgotten. Everything feels..."

"Dull?" She suggested. 

I nodded. "Dull."

"It doesn't get much better, I'm afraid."

She stood to leave but before she vanished again, she turned to me and said, "Its not long now."

And then she vanished.

---

Twenty-one thirty-two. I was exhausted. The air was dirty, grey and dark from pollution. I felt myself tiring of life. Twice, I had tried to end my life but found that any injury would just heal and I could not die. 

The streets of New Alverna were dominated by skyscrapers that reached farther into the sky than any from the time of New York in twenty-eighteen, and every few floors they had gardens, or pools,  and many of them were connected by bridges and walkways. It was a city truly in three dimensions. A marvel of engineering, yet I was alone. A million people were within the space of what once would only have house a couple of hundred, and I knew nobody.

I saw the symbol of what I wanted. A red medical cross. A hospital. I walked through the double doors; a magnetic field that faded as I went near but closed behind me and kept out the pollution.

I walked to the counter, where a nurse greeted me warmly and asked what she could help me with.

"Please..." Tears welled up in my eyes. "I'm immortal and I need help dying."

---

I found myself in a room by myself; it was stark white and plain. Very clean. In through walked a young girl with red hair. It was her.  But I said nothing about her future. 

"I've seen the world a thousand times over, and I just want to die in peace. Please help me."

She looked confused. "Tell me your story. I'd love to hear it."