Douglas slid the final quarter into the Terminator 2:  Judgement Day console.  This was it.  Fifteen more seconds of end boss play.  Three more grenades.  One more life.  FOR.  THE.  WIN!!!  It was glorious!  The best $20.75 he'd ever spent.  As the light gun in his hand settled down for the final cutscene, you thrilled at the brilliance of the game.  The first two levels were playable on a single 50 cent buy-in.  And then it became exponentially more expensive as you progressed.  Earlier, he'd stopped as he ran out of quarters at $5, $10, and even $20.  That had been heartbreaking - partway through the final level he'd realized:  This game wasn't just your typical pay to win coin-op faire.  No no, it was a masterpiece, tuned *just beyond* the $20 threshold.

Douglas grinned the entire bus ride home.  He threw open the door, triumphantly, "DAD!  I finally beat Terminator 2 at the arcade,"  Douglas thrilled.

"Son," came the somber reply, "I don't want you throwing your money away on those arcade machines any longer."

"What?"

"Come in here, your mother and I want to talk to you."

Douglas hung his head.  What had he done wrong?  It was his own allowance money he was spending, and he'd saved for a month to achieve this victory.  He'd washed both cars, mowed the lawn every week, and taken out both trash and recycling like clockwork to guarantee success.  And now he was... what?  In trouble for it?  That just didn't make sense.  He kicked his feet as he walked down the hallway to the TV room where his parents were waiting.  This sucked.

"Surprise!" yelled his Dad, Mom, and kid sister.  "Happy Birthday!!!"

What!?  Douglas felt his heart skip.

His Dad beamed at him, "Fooled you, didn't I?"

"Uh.."  Douglas was speechless as he took in the room.

"But I wasn't lying - you don't need to spend your money on those arcade machines anymore," his dad continued.  "We saw how hard you saved up just for this one try, so we thought - for your birthday - you'd appreciate a *home gaming system.*"  Dad gestured to the TV cabinet, and the shiny black device at the bottom.  "This, son, is a brand new SUPER NES.  Now you won't ever have to pay money at the arcade again on that 'pay to win' crap.  What did it cost you today to play *once*?  $20?  Well now for $50 you can *own the game* and play whenever you want!  Winning isn't about how much you spend, but how *good you are at the game*!  Isn't that great?!"

Little did Dad know, this wasn't an alternate universe at all, but actual goddamn reality, circa 1991, and it was fucking glorious.