Cynosure. Censure. Censored. It’s this wretched dream again.

I am waking from my still life into a cage of meat and frail bones whence I cannot escape until well past twilight. A mild inconvenience at best, flecks of color and sound before the long day home. My home. My books. My splendid isolation.

She lifts my inert frame from the mattress and ushers me downstairs, places me into my seat. My wooden throne beset by babbles neatly dressed in wrapping paper and bowtie. How banal. Soon the ceremony will start.

She peers into my face. Her undulating smile huddles under two brave eyes, gateways withstanding a deluge of water and sorrow. Her smile, creased and strained, cracks and she speaks.

“Is my little man excited for his birthday?”

O woman, if you only knew. If you could only imagine. Little man. I remember once rebelling against that moniker. Condescension unintended, I apathetic. I used to rebel. I used to howl. I read somewhere once that to repeat an action whose impact is null is considered crazy. I am not crazy. I am not.

I feel my eyes roll past her. My movements are reflexive at best. To be imprisoned here yet again. To whom should I thank? God? Allah? Jehovah? YHWH? Zurvan? The only deity who wouldn’t be so cruel would be Buddha. But perhaps under this ideology, I am here precisely to suffer as if the blunt dullness of a day in this now 9 year old body were enough to impart meaning. It is all meaningless, this butterfly's dream. When will the lotus blossom?

For I am an ancient. I have existed for millenia. You who celebrates a passing of your year with sugar and flour. Confetti. Songs. To signify. How I envy you for your simplicity and excitement. The library await each night and each night unfolds into a year. I cannot say how many years have passed in those great halls. Yet, I know more will pass and with each passing, I shall grow. My mind will sharpen further into a tip through which all shall yield. To what end? 

Stop. These thoughts are kindling. Indignity to rage then fire. They will hold me, sedate me. I am an ancient. Though your actions are boorish, I shall remain still. Staid me- a dignitary garbed in goofy Disney gear.

I know she intends well. I know it’s her to whom I should feel an inkling of gratitude, whose womb conceived me without a hint of thought, who sheltered me while I gestated, whose pain birthed me, bathed in maternal blood. She who nourished me. Loves me. She told me last year. And the year before that. And the year before that. Love. My research centuries ago yielded nothing more but pablum, trite aphorisms, meaningless metaphors pointing to senselessness. Mere attachment, an extension of self. Care for self and those who fall under the auspices of self. I am and have been alone throughout the centuries. 

I know it would make her day this year, but I cannot. I cannot bring myself to. Not anymore. This mockery. This rouse.

“Blow out the candle, love.”

The burning cake. Her glowing face. I blow. Her eyes are wells in the heavy rain, gushing out toward greening ground. 

“Honey, he listened. He understood us.”

My father’s hands wrap tightly around her. A moment of respite in their tumultuous relationship with me. I cannot leave for the other children at school fear me for my knowledge and knowing silences, and in their fear, strike out. They feel that they cannot leave me unintended else I should experiment with the primitive tools they have here. If you only knew of what I was capable. 

“Honey, let’s give him some time with his blocks. You know how much he loves those blocks.”

Ah yes, the building blocks. At first, they had been a source of solace and amazement. Work for my fervid mind. The Doric columns that I had studied that previous year had flowed through my steady hands and sat under the ornate entablature I had etched into wood. I had thought myself especially clever fusing a Classical foundation with rococo flourishes. I had hope that this gesture would prove to them that I am not handicapped. As usual, excitement and wonder grew to concern. No more tools. Just insipid blocks. Medication. As if a knife posed any harm to me. 

I simply strike the blocks down. I grow weary.

“Honey, he’s getting too excited again.”

He leaves the room. Hope yet again grows to despair. They believe- I can see it in their eyes- they believe I will have an “episode.” So yes, time for medication. At the very least, it dulls these few hours, blurs them until I return to another year home in my tome of knowledge.