When the order came down we thought the JCOS had lost their minds. "How the fuck are we supposed to invade a country without firing a bullet?" We asked incredulously. High command had no answers other than "You are the greatest military force the world has ever known and you have three months to plan, you'll figure something out." It wasn't very comforting.

That night in the barracks we tossed ideas around, some better than others. Lasers weren't bullets but none of us could figure out a way to make one combat capable in the time we had. Flamethrowers could be an option but are far too short ranged for our needs. PFC Jenkins, widely regarded as a moron, spoke up. "I hunt with a crossbow and it fires bolts, not bullets, so I'm just gonna bring it." Holy shit, that could work. More and more ideas came out and word spread like wildfire between units and branches. PFC Jenkins, widely regarded as a genius, never had to buy a beer again for the rest of his life.


On June 18 the invasion began with a volley of 90kg stones launched from AVLB's refitted with trebuchets instead of their usual bridges. Walls, watchtowers, strands of barbed wire, and even a few unlucky sentries all across the DMZ were crushed under the onslaught. Phalanx after phalanx of American soldiers marched forward, the front ranks carrying anti-ballistic riot shields donated from police departments across the country. Swords, spears, crossbow, compound bows, axes, and maces made from the lightest and strongest materials modern manufacturing could produce swung in their hands. Armored cavalry regiments had gone back to their roots by trading their Bradley's and Abrams for horses and lances, their thundering charges broke entire North Korean regiments beneath their hooves. Even the medics got into the spirit of things by adding jars of leaches to their kits.

The Marines, of course, were having the time of their lives. Stripped to the waist and allowed to grow their beards, they poured out of AAV's and even a few canoes to begin their assault on Hamhung like Vikings of old. The terrifying sounds off war songs issued from their crayon stained mouths they demolished anything and everything in their path, their legend would be passed down for generations as monsters from the sea and their crudely drawn stick figure graffiti would be considered evil runes that would curse any who gazed upon it.

The war itself was over in two months without a single bullet being fired by American troops. We had done the improbable, so it was assumed command was trying to come up with something impossible for our next mission. 