It was such an odd headline - world covered in clouds for three days straight. No blue sky seen, no stars, nothing anywhere for three days. A lot of people wouldn’t have noticed if the news hadn’t picked it up, I think. And then it happened: the whole planet went into night. It was noticed almost immediately by farmers, and when I woke up, the news was a few hours old already.

It was surreal, I have to admit I pinched myself, and thought I might be having an episode. People started breaking pretty quickly. I guess daylight is pretty crucial for some, but there’s also the mystery of it. What had surrounded the planet? Was this the end?

Surprisingly, we adapted. It was estimated that we had a month to effectively transition to seafood diets before our current supplies ran out. It seemed like a shorter timeframe than it really should be to me, but how would I know. It was also estimated that we had approximately one year of food in the sea before scarcity started killing people. This darkness needed to be understood, and fast.

It wasn’t long before the rains came. Three weeks of constant rain.

Basically any country with an air force started working on missions to discover that veil, and study the nature of it. Those stationed on the ISS had to be immediately rescued, and they described the surface as iridescent.

All the flights ended the same way. Communication went abruptly silent, and the astronauts and ships were never seen again.

When this happened for the third time, suicides spiked worldwide. I must admit a darkness that long takes a toll on ones mental health. I wondered what happened to indigenous people who lived deep in forests, plains, and other undeveloped areas. Did they start fires? Could they keep them going through the rains? Were they dead?

People in New York always seemed tough, but it’s been six months and the population has ridden a downward roller coaster to what seems like half its population prior to the clouds, but estimates vary greatly. It’s true that people hole themselves up in their apartments, but the streets are really empty. Central park has become a nonstop hazard.

It’s been eight months and I can’t wait any longer. today is the day. If you’re reading this, good luck, and feel free to take whatever’s left.