I peeked my transparent head through the clouds towards the city below. Ah, just as dreary as I remembered it. The gloom and smell of rain in the air filled me with nostalgia. True, I had a rough life down here, even by earthly standards, but I had some good memories. As I flew closer, I remembered splashing in the puddles like the children below me did. 

But I also had some unpleasant memories. I remembered feeling cold, scared and uncomfortable. There were so many cruel, violent people on earth. I definitely wouldn't trade living in Paradise for anything. 

I heard the familiar sound of an ambulance sounding its alarms and making its way down the street. "How odd," I said aloud. "Why on earth do they have ambulances if they are supposed to be immortal?" Suddenly quite curious, I decided to follow it. 

I arrived at the hospital right after the ambulance and hovered above the ground. All of the pedestrians and doctors and nurses couldn't see me. But the old man on the stretcher could. "Holy cow!" he exclaimed. "Look at that weird looking kid!"

"Please stay calm sir," the tired nurse said in an exasperated voice. "That's just the pain killers we gave you. There is no one there." The old man swore loudly and they brought him inside. 

After they had left him alone in a hospital room, I spoke to him. "Can you still see me? I was told you wouldn't be able to, but I am real," I assured him. He folded his arms. "You are not real," he said obstinately.
After a few minutes in silence he asked if this was "how it started."

"How what starts," I asked innocently. "Oh you know what I'm talking about. When the mind starts to go and you starting hearing and seeing things. Then you just live out the rest of your days in a loony bin. The body can be intact with the mind all scrabbled. Although, in my case, I guess intact is a bit of an exaggeration. This will be my fifth hip replacement."

"Oh no! Don't worry! I live in Paradise, the afterlife. You aren't crazy," I assured him.

"Oh I see, you're a ghost and I'm completely sane. That's fantastic," he quipped. "Well I suppose if I'm going to accompanied by imaginary people from now on, I might as well get along with them. Now tell me little ghost, what is your paradise like?"

"Well, it's quite lovely. Everyone is kind and there is no violence. No one feels pain anymore and no one feels hatred. You are free to do as you like all day long. There are beaches, waterfalls, forests and all sorts of things," I explained.

"Yes well it all sounds very sweet," he said patronizingly. Then his face crinkled and he bit his bottom lip. He continued in a shaky voice. "Perhaps it is best that my wife ended up there instead of being stuck here. This world is full of problems. Sure I'll live forever, but in constant pain from a body not meant to last this long. Funnily enough, I figured I would be in poor health for the majority of my life. Yet I decided to take the immortality pill anyway. They released it to the public a year after my wife died. I cursed every deity I could think of. The older I get, the more I realize how much pain she was spared. Most people in the world are miserable now. But they would rather be stuck in a miserable place than face the uncertainty that death brings."

I felt a pain in my heart. I remembered this emotion, though I hadn't felt it in 100 years. It was sorrow. I felt so sorry for the old man.

I rubbed my hands together and then spread them apart. "Take a look at this," I urged him. In the space between my hands, I saw an older woman. She was horseback ridding through an enormous green field. She was smiling and laughing as the sun shone on her face.

Tears filled his eyes. "That's her, that's my Emily," he whispered. Outside I heard a loud rumble of thunder. That's my cue. "I have to go back, I'm sorry," I told the old man.

"Don't apologize, thank you so much. That meant more to me than you will ever understand. Thank you little ghost," he whispered. And with that, I flew into the stormy sky, promising myself I would visit him again in a hundred years. 
