You didn't know what happened the night before. You had gone to bed earlier for some reason. Maybe you just had a long day and decided to turn in early, or maybe you had to go somewhere early the next morning.

Once you've gotten your breakfast together, you decide to check out the news. Your TV comes on and you tune into the news station. A male anchor is on screen, speaking to the camera.

"...Local astronomer Michael Carter was found dead this morning. Police say that he was definitely responsible for last night's state wide outage. Bill Mathers now joins us live from where police found Michael, what's going on there Bill?"

There's a brief delay as the camera switches over to the reporter.

"...Well Jim, we are here just outside of Michael's house-" The camera pans over to a small suburban home. It looks fairly normal with it's beige exterior paint and white framed windows. Caution tape was over the front door and showed a police offer walking into the darkened hallway.

"Where the late astronomer was found dead this morning. Police have stated that this may be suicide by overdose. They found no external trauma, but they are not ruling anything out just yet."

The screen showed the anchor and reporter side by side now. The anchor, Jim, spoke, "Is it true that Michael may have been responsible for last nights state wide power outage?"

"..Yes Jim, police are saying that security footage from one of the main station shows Michael breaking into it. Police are currently unsure of how Michael managed to shut all the power down, even just for 10-15 minutes last night, for the whole state. That is still under investigation. Back to you in the studio."

The screen switched to only be the anchor now.

"Thanks Bill. Presid-" The anchor was cut off as someone handed him a paper from off screen.

"Ladies and gentlemen pardon the.. interruption, I've just been handed an urgent bulletin. Several other people, all possibly in connection to the Michael Mathers case have also been found dead in their home in the same circumstance." He looked to the side, before nodding slightly and turning back to the paper.

"It appears that each person was found in the same state, with phrases written around them. Phrases such as 'We saw', 'The lights protect us', and 'The Xanthous One rises.' The crime scenes are also being described as cult like. With attempts at some sort of ritual or worship having taken place in the room. While it appears that no one but those who have passed away where involved, police are not ruling out foul play just yet."

...

"Police are stating that there may still be more people to be found in such a state. If anyone you know is missing or acting in an unusual manner, they are urging you to reach out to emergency services for help."