“This makes absolutely no sense”, Ava said quietly to herself while walking to the test room. 

It was that time again. Four years had gone by so fast and in her study time all she could think is that having the highest score wasn’t so interesting when obviously someone knew all the answers because they had made the test.

She tried the first time when she was 17. Just a try out, really. Just to check how the test was. Didn’t even make it to the highest million. 

At 21, she studied hard and failed again. She even came up with a very elaborated study plan: ready everything. She made it to the 100 thousand, there was that. A lot more than she expected. And she didn’t even take one of those special courses they invented to take money from desperate people. 

At 24, well, she thought about not taking the test. Her job was making it hard to dedicated time to study and she really wanted to have a life - meaning: spend less time with her head in books and more time - you get the idea.
Nevertheless, she took the test. Made it to the thousand. 

When the results came out, she thought that she had read it wrong. She did not, because it wasn’t in her to do such a thing. She wasn’t the youngest to get there: a thirteen-year-old in try-out once made to the 100 - she should have been smarter to beat that one. 

At 28, she decided to have it all in - studying, she meant. And she did. She was excited with the possible outcome. She was sure she would be close this time! And she was, top 100 at last!

It was said a lot of people gave up when they reached that high. Made it that far and never applied again. Scared to think they might actually make it in the next chance, it was said.

At 32, that day, she understood them. She didn’t have a lucky pen, or a lucky blouse, or a lucky anything. It was just her and her wits - which she actually believed she had! 

It was a day-long test. A lot to consider from all the subjects, including religion - just mark everything as non-able to influence the government and you should be fine. 

When the day was done, she headed home - no stops on the way - drew a hot bath and lay there drinking a glass of her favorite wine. She didn’t waste a moment thinking about the next days ahead in waiting.

Results were up in one week. It was a short time to analyze everything, but she had seen all the documentaries about The Correction and she knew that they only evaluated open questions and dissertations from people who made the previous cuts.

On that January 8, she woke up feeling normal. She opened the government website and entered the results page before even taking her first coffee. She used the shortcut to look for her name but it didn’t came up. At all.
 She read every name beginning with an A and then moved to the last names, with and R to see if they had by any chance reverted it. 

It was not there. At all. 
A couple hundred of other Avas where there, but not here. 

There was a knock at her door. In the hurry to look at it, her neck complained in a loud crack. At her feet, she moved forward to the door and opened it without looking in the glass first.

A tall blond woman was there. She entered without being invited and gestures Ava to her own couch - very gentle of her, indeed.

“You’re Ava Racksi”.

It was not a question. 

“You were placed in the top 25 in The Test, congratulation”, the woman went on without the trouble of introducing herself.

“But my name is not on the list, I just saw it”, she picked up her computer and showed to the woman, “See, not here.”

“Ava, I’m Eleanor Foree, representative of The Test Comission. You were in the top 25 applicant, the 18th, to be exact.” 

She handed a folder to Ava and there it was: her name, her identification number, a copy of her test (that was definitely her ugly handwriting) and her rank: 18th place. 

“But how can this be true? Why isn’t my name on the list on the website? I thought the highest score got to be the next government’s first chair, not the 26th place.” 

This does make no sense, she thought again. 

“Well” - said Eleanor - “the highest score does get to be in the chair... but the chair that actually matter. The highest 25 applicants have a seat at The Test Comission. Did you really think that getting the highest score was the biggest prize?”

Ava felt she could throw up what was left of her dinner. But that part Eleanor just mentioned actually made sense and that was a first.

“It might be a lot to chew up, but we need to et moving. You have a lot of onboarding to do” said Eleanor standing up and waking to the door. “Just change and lets get going”.

Ava was still in the same position she first sat. She looked at Eleanor and muttered “Should I pack?”.

Eleanor smiled as if she had heard that many times. “No, just bring your body, your talent and your confidence. I’m waiting outside, please don’t take too long.”

As soon and she left, Ava stood up shaking slightly. She looked around and remembered thinking it didn’t make sense to have the highest score ruling the country. Well, she was now about to see with her own eyes how 25 hugest scorers actually would give a go at looking over that beautiful piece of land.
 
Walking to he room - would it still be her room? she was going to have to start writing down her questions - she felt normal. As normal as someone who just found out about The Test Comission true purpose could feel. 
