I awoke with a grin wide across my face knowing full well that the day had come. The sun was shining through the window. The fire was roaring in the hearth. The smell of gingerbread and peppermint wafted in from the downstairs kitchen. Yes, this was it. This was what I waited 364 days for. I stood up heartily, eager for the coming night, ready and willing to perform my duties as I always had been. It was Christmas Eve once more, and life was wonderful.

I slipped into the red and white getup that I was famous for. I trimmed my beard and brushed my hair. I wandered down the candy cane staircases and walked with a spring in my step through decorated halls. I looked out the windows around me, seeing the gentle snowfall outside and a herd of reindeer playfully prancing through diamond dust. Everything was great. Everything was as it should have been. I felt the warmness in my chest all of a sudden and it was good.

I stepped into the kitchen where the wife and the elves were baking. Each of them looked toward me with a genuine smile, happy to see me up and about. Ms. Clause came and kissed me on the cheek. The elves waved. The dog bounded towards me and jumped into my arms. I let out a jolly laugh that cut through the air, unable to contain my very own joy. I laughed and I laughed and let myself be happy.

And that was my mistake.

I scratched the dogs ears in that way he always enjoyed, but as I did the fur fell away. His skin drooped, and it melted in my hands. His eyes sizzled, then they boiled in their sockets. I let out a scream and dropped him where he was. I turned towards the others, but found no solace in their faces. My wife turned towards me, a once beautiful woman now a scorched and smoking skeleton. She reached out her arms towards me and collapsed into a pile of dust. The elves then rushed over to her, but instead of helping they simply began to gnaw on her bones. They weren't themselves any more. They were something else... something terrifying. Something unnatural.

I fell back. I stumbled to my feet again. I ran. I ran and I ran and made it to the outside. On the horizon I saw them all. One by one, the mushroom clouds rose. They lit up the sky brighter than the sun ever could. They rose higher and higher... and when they were gone, so was the world. But I knew that in the end, I would remain. I would always remain.

And then I woke for real.

The rickety nightstand held an old oil lamp. Beside it was her picture. I felt the emptiness in the bed beside me, and let out a sigh as I wiped the sweat from my brow. I stood up in my soiled pajamas, walking towards the window in the hopes I'd see something that used to be there. But there was nothing. The snow was gone. The last of it disappeared years ago. The pines were dried out, now towering haunts that threatened to fall over into the dust at any moment. This was the world as it was now. That warmness in my chest was replaced with the cold, and there was nothing colder left in all the world.

The workshop was lonely. It was always lonely. All the elves that had remained in the aftermath eventually left along with Misses. She tried so hard to understand me after the world went to hell. But eventually she couldn't do it anymore. She scolded me on that final day. She yelled, and she cried, and she begged me to come with her, and when I wouldn't that's when she knew. That's when they all knew. Then they were gone.

Was I fool to stay? Was I that dedicated to the cause that I'd let the woman I loved more than anything venture into that nuclear hellscape without me? I didn't think so. I still don't think so. But every 24'th of December I ask those questions again. Perhaps one day I'll have a different answer.

I saw the presents lined up on the workshop table, coated in a thin layer of dust from months of neglect. Even without the help of the elves, I had finished my work in record time. Yet that had only been because humanity barely clung to what was left of their world,  and the very few children that were born these days knew nothing of innocence or had the heart to believe. There must have been only a few hundred or so, perhaps even less. It'd been so long since I took inventory I wasn't even sure anymore. Yet none of that mattered. Every child would get their gift this year, as they would in the next, all the way until there were no more children left to gift. And maybe then... maybe then I would get to go home to God, if there were even a God left waiting for me at all. He certainly wasn't waiting for the rest of the world.

The night came quickly. It always did when I was in the drink. I was nudged awake by the only being left to keep me in check in this remote section of the world. My eyes didn't see him in the darkness at first, but in moments I caught sight of that familiar red glow, and I knew that it was time to get the show on the road. I slipped into that old soiled outfit, strapped a gas mask to myself and to Rudolph, then strapped him to the sleigh itself. I loaded the old thing up with what little gifts there were to give, and then we were off.

We sailed over tainted green waters and grey-brown forests. We looked out over ghost towns and the craters where cities used to be. We navigated through hazy smoke, ash and radioactivity. We flew, and we flew, and we flew some more... and we only stopped when we found the settlements and fallout shelters where the children were.

We'd never park on the roofs. We never even parked close to our destinations. We landed where we were hidden and safe, and only when we were sure did we move out. Rudolph guided me as he always had, and carried the gifts on his back while moving steadily onward. I carried a rifle at the ready, my gas mask firmly affixed to my face. Working the old magic we were in and out in seconds, but it was never very long before the gifts were noticed. The sirens blared. Guards were called. People were on high alert. The two of us ran, and then we were off again.

There was no one left to wonder, no one left to trust in the holiday spirit. Gifts it seemed were an ill omen, and seldom were appreciated. Though we were never even seen or suspected, we were treated like intruders. And that is how it was everywhere we went, over and over until we were done. Thirteen-gifts were left undelivered by the time were on our way back. Thirteen children didn't make it to Christmas--thirteen more reason to give it all up. But I wouldn't. I couldn't.

The workshop came into view as dawn approached. It was a welcome sight after touring a broken world. I was tired. Rudolph was tired. The both of us had nothing left in us but contempt. I unstrapped the reindeer from the sleigh when we landed, and patted him on the head graciously. He nuzzled me for a moment, and when he met my gaze I could see the tears welling in his aging eyes. There was nothing I could say to him to make it better. Even an apology was meaningless, but I think he understood. I left him by the fireplace, letting him sleep where he was comfortable. Then I went upstairs.

When I stepped into my room I proceeded to disrobe, hanging my rifle on the wall and slipping into my sleeping clothes for the night. I laid on the bed beneath the covers, staring at the photograph in its tarnished silver frame. There was a small box on the nightstand beside it, one I didn't remember putting it there. It was wrapped in candy cane colored wrapping paper, with a gold ribbon affixed over the top. The tag read, "To Christopher." 

That was *her* favorite. That was how she always wrapped her gifts. This box was from her. She had *been* here. I sat up and grabbed it, bringing the lamp closer so that I could see its details. I looked it over for a moment, but I could't stop myself from tearing it open.  Inside... was a ring. There was no letter... no note... no thing to tell me why she gave it back. Yet despite that I knew why. I knew why, and suddenly the world seemed even darker than it was before. I slipped my own ring off, setting both of them on the nightstand together. I tossed away the box, the wrapping paper, the ribbons and even the covers.

And for the first time since my wedding, I cried.