"Yes I'm hearing you, but you cannot apply the same principles you saw on a soap opera to real li- no, no, sir, seriously that's not going to wor- Please just- OK, you have a good day now!"

I sat back, dropped the phone into its cradle, and groaned quietly into my hands. They smelt of plastic and disappointment, not a great combination but by this point I was used to it. My clerk looked up, and winced slightly as I lowered my hands.

"Bad call?" she muttered, flicking through paperwork. There was a truly alarming amount of regulation around wish moderation, and I'm pretty sure she used a couple of wishes on herself to even make it possible to _sort_ that much documentation, let alone complete it. 

I nodded, dropping my head to the tabletop and groaning a little louder.   
"That dumb fuck's going to be tied to a tree and eviscerated by dawn and I just _know_ he's going to have our business card on him when they find him. Well whatever's left of him".

She let out a low whistle. "Elves again?" I just nodded, sitting up and back in my chair before turning it to face the window. 

"Why do we let people buy wishes Evelyn. Seriously, why? I'm not sure it does anything other than maybe fuck up some marriages or delegitimise some leaders nobody gives a shit about." 

She stood up, and as I looked down into the street I heard the shuffling of an ungodly quantity of paperwork.  
"Because if we didn't there would be more charred corpses, soulless revenants, and decapitated bodies washing up on the riverbank, and because it earns us each a complication-free wish every year and a day?"

I blinked. "Yeah that. But" I cleared my throat, "I mean really. Sometimes I just wi-"

"BOSS"

I turned to her, and tightened my jaw slightly, trying my damnedest to not say "Shut up I got this".

Staring her dead in the eye, I smiled with the manic surreality of a yellow-spotted elephant, and continued.

"Sometimes I just wish that people would at least consider listening to our best advice".

Evelyn groaned softly, and felt the soft, slightly slimy feel of an invoked wish sliding unpleasantly up the nape of her neck. 

"Dammit boss you know the rules..." she said with a pained expression. I knew how much she wanted this as much as me, and we _knew_ how much we weren't supposed to have it. "Wish arbiters aren't allowed to fuck with their clients!"

I smiled, a slightly crazed look in my eye as I felt the sickening vertigo of reality twisting around me. The page-turn calendar on my desk, with the date for July 18th hastily scrawled with _ANNUAL WISH BESTOWMENT_ over its number, fluttered rapidly down the remaining days as an eldritch wind roared from around my body. 

"I know!" I shouted back, and felt the vibration try its hardest to turn my brain to porridge as the universe bent at right angles to itself. "But how the fuck will they ever actually prove it?!"