Nothings special about me. At first that was a bitter pill to accept, I mean I don't want to be ordinary. But I am. I don't have interesting skills or impressive talents, no, I just live my day as blandly as you could imagine. I want more in life, sure,  but I've accepted who I am, and am thankful I'm not abnormal - at least I'm average. 



That is, say, except for the letters. Somehow the letters existed the day I did, sent from someone somewhere, to me. Every year, for thirty-five years. Even after moving to a different country, there it is, in my mailbox on my birthday. Each annual cycle the letter reads "I will see you in 35 years" then thirty four years in the next letter and so on, until today. Today's message reads "I will see you tomorrow". 



I'm not overly conspiratorial. I mean I know this is unusual, but its not like I'm in some thriller movie - my life is certainly not thrilling. The only people that it can be, behind this letter mystery, are my parents. Though of course they've denied being in any part of it, they even have gone as far as acting concerned about these suspicious letters. I'm not buying it, but who knows? Maybe there is some stranger going out of his OR her way to specifically pay to mail ME a letter each year for THIRTY FIVE years. Anything is possible - just like ghosts and mermaids. 



I'm much more interested in things that of which are productive, like my job! I work at a furniture store - nothing fancy, but it pays me sufficiently. I like what I do, it's comfortable (pardon the pun). I'm not dreading the work week, which I know others do. Obviously I'm not bursting  with passion to sell tables and chairs - not everyone gets to be In love with their careers. Though not everyone gets to be content with their jobs either, so I know I'm luckier than some. 


"So do you think someone will actually show up?" 


My co-worker, Jill, asks while playfully smiling. She's in her late twenties, short brown hair and Is wearing a red shirt with a pattern of strawberries on it. She's leaning forward on the counter next to me - I can tell she's more interested in the letter than I am. Though that isn't really all that  surprising since she's really into those suspense mystery kinda films. 



I laugh off the idea, "nooo nooo, there's little chance of that happening" 


"Are you sure?" She replies "how can you know? Maybe it's a prince from an extravagant country, who, after receiving a prophecy from a witch about his true love, started writing you in hopes to make you his wife - queen of Norway!"



"Norway, huh?"


"Why not?"


"Well for one, how old is he? If he started writing letters to me since the day I was born then - is he 10? 20? 40 at the time? Making him...I don't know 70 now?" 



"Maybe you were adopted and he is your real father, hoping to reconnect with you after all these years"


"Or maybe I'm like jim Carey in that one movie and everyone in the world is  watching me, and I'll find out tomorrow"


"the Truman Show? That was a good movie. But I would tell you if your live was televised worldwide. Oh! Maybe he's a serial killer and it takes him 35 years to kill each one of his victims!"


"Jill!"


"And he films the whole thing, like a sadistic version of the movie boyhood!"



"I regret telling you about the letters" 



The day passed by like any other. I closed the store, and drove home - though I also turned down jills offer to stay with her tonight so as to avoid my letter sender, since I just think it's an elborate prank - and am now resting at my home. 



I'm single....but ready to mingle. Oh god, I'm so cringey when it comes to dating. I had a date several years ago with this guy - who was actually a really nice guy- but I was so inexperienced and anxious I accidentally said a stupid stupid STUPID joke about Hitler (he was Jewish). Since then I do no harm by being alone. I've gotten unfortunately all to familiar with the isolation, it's become a nasty habbit. I'm not sure I can get out of it to be honest, and if I can then would it be too late? I'm thirty-five, and my egg making machine isn't what it used to be which is too depressing for me to think about. 


I often watch a lot of tv to distract me from what I'm missing out on. That and ice cream HELL YEAH! I read a little, though I can't seem to find the motivation to finish any book. I am a professional knitter, and can beat anyone who would offer to challenge me to a street knit off (haven't had any challenges so far - the cowards). 


Well, anyways, I guess it's time to turn in, tomorrows a big day after all - the day I find out if ghosts are real or not. 



-------------------------------------




*Creek* 


"318 Furlington drive, home of Emily Reters. There you are. Huh, it's clean." The man thinks to himself. 



*Meow* 



"Shh! Hey there - what's your name? Shh! Stop - stop it! If you keep your voice down kitty then I'll give you a treat"


"Very good." The man says inside his head "Now, Emily. Oh my little Emily. You look so much older. You look so peaceful while you sleep. Oh and - where is he...- there he is! You still have Wilbert (the walrus), after 30 yea-" 




*Meow*



"SHUT THE FUCK UP!"


The man yells and abruptly thrusts himself towards the cat and tightly grips it by the the neck. 



"Huh?" Emily wakes up. 


"You rodent looking useless... You're a bad cat, a fucking pest - you need training. No discipline no point" the man says while walking the cat towards the window 



Emily sits up, heart beating rapidly, and backs all the way up to the wall of her bed. 


"Wh-who are you?" She says but is barely audible. 



"Here you go!" The man throws the cat out of the window, on the fifteenth floor. 



"WHAT! NO!" Emily screams 



The man turns to her and starts walking closer. 



"Emily."



Emily is breathing so heavily and shaking so frantically she can't think of a single word. 



"Hi" 


The man says weirdly yet calmly while he sits on her bed next to her. He runs his hand on the bed till it touches her foot, as she's curled up in a ball. 



"Who are you? Please don't hurt me" 


emily says in fear and submission. 




"Why, I'm your fate, Emily!"



He moves closer so that his head is a mere inch away from her face. He slides his hand up her leg down to her thigh. He's staring directly in her eyes, as he finally slowly yet firmly moves his hand onto her vagina. 



"HELP!"


Emily screams and tries to push him off, which he accepts, and does so with a smile. She runs to her phone and dials 911 as she bolts to the kitchen to grab a knife.  


"H-hello? My name is Emily re-reters, and there's a tresspasser in my apartment at 318 ferlington drive apartment 1503 - please come quick. I don't know if he has a weapon,  I don't know - please come!" 

Emily is pointing the knife at the man. He looks to be late fifties, early sixties. 


"Don't move! Or I will use this!" 

Full of adrenaline, Emily can't tell if this is a bad dream or reality. 


"Are - are you the person who has been sending me letters?"


"See, we do know eachother"


The man said while he lays down on her bed, with his arms under his head. 


"Don't do that!"



"Oh? And what are you going to do about it?"


"I'll use this knife on you"



"Go ahead"


She can't believe how little he cares about the police being called or her threatening him with a knife. On one hand she feels stronger and safer holding the knife but on the other hand, she's too scared to use it. 




*Beep*



"Hello it's the police"



Twenty minutes finally pass, the police arrive, and Emily busses them up. The man lays there without hesitation, or any intention to flee. 



Emily opens the door 



"Hi, thank god! He's there! That's him, he - he broke in and - and, he sent me letters"


"That's him? Ok sir, what are you doing here?" 


The police woman said firmly.



"I'm here to see what's mine, officer"


The man replies with indifference, which sends chills down Emily's back. 

"Sir,  do you live here?"


"No"


"Then you have to leave. C'mon"


The police officer move in closer towards him, yet he still lays there without a care. But then he pulls something out of pocket. A piece of paper. 



"Here you go, officer."



"What is this?"



"This is a letter of authenticity. An official receipt of sale. A document showing I own Emily" 



"What!?"


Emily screams out. Enraged and confused, scared and anxious.  "This doesn't make sense,  this to be a dream." she thinks to herself. 



The officer examines the document. Emily waits on baited breath, terrified to think of possibility that the officer would somehow accept this ridiculous claim. 



"You can't buy people" 


Emily says more confidently now that there is police inbetween her and him. 



"Are you sure about that?"



The man says with a smirk, while winking at her. 



"It is official" 


The police woman announced 


"What!? Wait what!"


Emily completely confounded. Shes feeling dizzy. Like she's falling into the middle of the ocean, hundreds of miles away from any people, left to helplessly save herself. 



"It's official. It's an official document - here look for yourself"



The officer hands it over to Emily. She reads it "Emily Fran Reters sold to Benjamin Dranfold, $200,000. Sold by Debbi and Tim Reters. Contingent 1)  35 year policy in which the buyer mustn't meet her until the date of "January 7th 2018" and 2) in order for this deal to be valid, the buyer must contact "Emily Reters" at least, but not limited to, once a year via mail; failure to do so will result in this transaction being void."



"I'm sorry, miss, but there's nothing legally we can do. Have a good night"



The officers leave. 



"Just you and me, em, why don't you come join me on the bed"


The man says as he takes off his clothes. 