The rattling of the keys followed by the clicking of the locks sent me jumping to my feet. Since mom had passed, I was the only one with keys to the house.

I barreled toward my room's drawer, and took my pistol from underneath a bundle of folded sheets. In the entrance, the wood creaked, and the door grated shut.

Heart thumping, I loaded the gun, ears strained, and skulked toward the noises, attempting to predict where the intruder was heading to.

He was coming straight to my room. I sprung behind the bed, hiding. The steps got louder, until the door swung open, and a soft, papery said, "Ophelia, where have you gone? I've got the cigarettes."

I frowned. He knew my mother? That voice. It sounded so familiar. I craned my neck slightly to see the intruder, gun at the ready.

It was then when my heart sank to the depths of my stomach. I gulped down all the stress and worries knotting my chest, and put the lock back into the gun before hiding it into my pocket. "Dad?"

"Oh hey, Ricky. What are you doing hiding over there?" he said nonchalantly. Although ten years had gone by, only a handful of new wrinkles lined his pale-white skin. "Have you seen' your mother? I brought her the camels she asked for. Let me tell you, she better come back soon cause they ain't cheap, and I crave a good smoke."

"What do you mean if I have seen mom?" I met his eyes. "Where had you been. It's been ten years! We thought you had been kidnapped or murdered!"

His brows drew into a deep scowl. "Ten years? Son, ain't you a crazy one. It ain't April Fools just yet, and you already playing jokes. Now, tell your mother I stole two cigarettes from the package. I will be downstairs, watching the football." He walked to the door, halted and turned to me, head tilted. "You should let that beard grow, you lookin' like a boy with that baby skin." Then, smiling, he went downstairs.

I sat on the edge of the bed, perplexed, ran my hands ran through my beard. It was thick and long, worthy of a lumberjack. I'd let it grow due to him. He'd always said the say thing to me before he left us ten years ago, and I thought that, perhaps, in some strange way, he'd comeback just to see if I'd grown a proper beard, and he would hug me and congratulate me, tell me I looked like the man he'd always wanted as a son.

And now, ten years later, he'd walked in the house as if not a second had gone by, and for some odd reason he didn't see the effects time had had on me.

I headed downstairs. Perhaps I could snatch something out of him.

*I'm tellin' you, darling. Two dollars a package of camels? It ain't right.* I heard him said in the distance. *Damned be the day we smoke the first one. I'm tellin' you, it will take us to the grave.*

Who was he talking to? Why was he in the kitchen.

"Dad, who are you speaking with?" I asked as I walked into the kitchen. He was leaning against the refrigerator, smoking a cigarette and grinning. Although his lips shut into a line and his brows creased when he heard my question.

"I don't know what has gotten into your mind, son," he said and pointed to an empty chair. "I'm talking to your mother right there. Have you been smoking the devil's lettuce?"

"I--I--I was just playing a joke. Hello mom," I said and waved at the chair. Then, I dug out my phone from pocket, and went to the bathroom so I could speak without being heard. "Be right back." 

"911 what's your emergency?"

"It's my dad. He's been missing for ten years. He came into my house walking as if not a second had gone by."

"Keep calm, sir. Is he hostile?"

"No, he-he's acting as he always had. I'm starting to believe there's something wrong with him."

"Wrong in what way, sir?"

"In his brain. He's acting crazy. My mom passed eight years ago, and he's convinced she's there with him. And I believe he sees me as if I were still a teenager."

"Are you safe, sir?"

"I am."

"Has anyone in your family ever had problems with mental diseases like dementia or schizophrenia?"

"My grandmother and grandfather had dementia."

"I'm sending an ambulance right now. Confirm please your address is Shelpshire 722. Follow your father's train of thought until the doctors arrive. Don't scare nor agitate him. As you said, it seems like he's suffering from something. "

"That is my address. Thank you very much."

I hung up, got out the bathroom and went back to the kitchen.

He was not there.

Desperate, I searched the house. But the silence was absolute, and every room was empty. His keys were atop the kitchen's table, and so were his cigarettes. On my bed I found a note.

*Didn't want to disturb you while you were doing your private things, son. Your mother ran out of cigarettes. I went to the store to buy some, I will be back in thirty minutes.*

In time, the doctors rang the bell. Shaking, I opened the door for the doctors to come in. "Doctor Tart? What are you doing here? I--I--my father! He came back left a note. It's over there on the table. Come, please come."
 
"Calm down, Ricky," Tart said, placed a hand on my shoulder. "It's gonna be all right."

"All the pills are in the flask, Tart," the other doctor said.

"Ricky, where is that note?"

"Over there, on the table." I pointed at it, and everything inside me shattered. There was nothing there.

"It's the third time he has done this, Tart," the other doctor said. "He refuses to take his medicine. His hallucinations are getting worse. I told you he was not ready to get out the ward. We must take him back."

"The ward?" I said, my extremities quivering wildly. "What ward? Why is it so cold in here?"

"Listen, Ricky," Tart said, his eyes gentle, voice caring. "I will give you one last opportunity. You have to take your pills. Will you cooperate with us this time? It's for your own good. I understand you feel like an addict, but you have to understand too that you need them. Will you take them?"

"Yes," I said. The other doctor held out a pill for me. I swallowed it. "But he was here. I swear it. He was here. He's suffering from dementia. I swear."

The doctors shared a knowing look.

"What is that look. Are you going to take me by force back to the ward?" I fought to hold back rising tears.

"Ricky," Tart said, took a deep breath, his lips a tight line.

"What is it, doctor?"

"Your father died of a heart attack ten years ago. He collapsed on the streets. You were going to the store with him when it happened."
    
--------------------------

r/NoahElowyn