“Oh, *damn it*,” he grumbled. As he boarded the subway, another ad flashed into his field of vision, slightly obscuring the view of his path into car ahead. He batted in front of his face, as if to clear the thing materially, and then sighed, as he remembered: one simply had to double-tap one’s right temple in precisely the right rhythm to get them to close.  

“These ads,” he grumbled to the middle-aged woman sitting across from him. “Such a safety hazard.”

“Tell me about it,” she sighed. “They just pop in front of your eyes at a moment’s notice. Who would have thought?” She said, shaking her head. “It seemed like such a great idea, thirty years ago, to build smartphone technology right into our brains. My mother never had her cerebral cortex expanded with upgraded memory. She said it would be the downfall of civilization,” she chuckled. 

“Maybe she was right,” he said, with a smile. “But they say the ads aren’t their fault, the developers – it’s the entire *universe* that has run out of money and needs to run ads to sustain itself?”

“I think it was a ploy, by the galactic overlords,” the woman said, rolling her eyes. “They just wait until the next planet fully digitizes consciousness, and then they convince all the politicians that taking their businesses to the far reaches of the Milky Way galaxy is the only logical way to continue growing our earthly economy.”

“Yeah,” he agreed. “Well, sucks to be us, if you can’t afford the five-hundred-dollar-a-month ad-free life.”

“Tell me about it,” she groaned. “I just get cleaning products, popping up all the time.”

“Cleaning products?” He laughed. “Who still cleans these days?”

“I do,” she chuckled. “Serves me right, I guess. Ever since Roomba decided to make machines for walls and floors and furniture, cleaning is a downright artisanal pursuit. You wouldn’t believe how glamorous they make scrubbing the floors seem, in those ads. But it’s more that I just hate those automatons in my house, crawling over everything like oversized tarantulas.”

“Ew,” he said. “When you put it that way, I have to agree with you,” he commiserated. “But it’s not only people your age who feel like that,” he went on, as she nodded, evidently not insulted by his pointing out the generational gap between them. “I have friends from my childhood who are real back-to-the-earth types, who aren’t even online whatsoever, and, you know, grow their own food, and have figured out how to disable their digital consciousness. It’s a real trip, visiting them. It’s just them and the Amish, on these communes these days, living like people did two hundred years ago.” 

“It sounds tempting sometimes, doesn’t it,” said the woman. “I never thought I’d say it, with how convenient it is to have maps on the go, and to call people just by saying their name, and to never have to type anything, ever,  but some days I wish I could turn it all off, more than anything.” She made a sound of exasperation as another ad evidently flickered before her eyes, and she double-tapped her temple repeatedly. “This one won’t close,” she said. “It’s for galaxy petunias.”

“For- what?” he asked.

“Flowers, with some space-age colouring” she said. “I HATE petunias, but try to tell that to Google ads, which just sees that I’m a gardener and thinks I don’t know about the existence of any flower on earth and need it advertised to me,” she huffed. 

“How about you?” She asked. “What ads are they playing in there?”

“Um,” he said, flushing. “You know. *Dating*…ads.”

“What a dumb question that was,” she said, shaking her head apologetically and chuckling. “I didn’t think before I asked. You’re a man in his 20s. I know *exactly* what sort of ads they must be playing for you.”

“We’re, I guess, each vulnerable to what we, uh, want,” he said, flustered. “I kind of wish that was just flowers and cleaning products sometimes.”

They sat for a minute in discomforting silence. 

“I think it makes it tougher, for you young people, all these ads in our brains,” she finally said. “when I was a kid – all that stuff was just on a screen, not right in my head. You had to at least make a conscious attempt to access it. Now, as soon as you’re an adult: bam, there’s non-stop hassling in your field of vision, all the time, for every single one of your vices,” she said. “And now at work, that’s the only place you can go to get a break from it all,” she continued.

“God,” he groaned. “It’s true. Sometimes I put in overtime, or just sit in the office reading, just to get some relief from the ads.”

“How convenient, for your employers, right?” she said, ruefully. 

“I guess they’ve got us figured out,” he said, with a sigh.

“It’s a problem, though,” she pressed him. “Don’t you think so?”

“Obviously,” he shrugged. “But there’s no going back, right? We have to do this, or else the entire planet will be in bankruptcy protection, and that’ll somehow be worse than this, or so they say? This is just what’s necessary.”

“I think they’ve convinced us of that without fully looking at the human cost,” she mused. “It’s honestly a wonder that anything at all is real anymore. How many of your friends have given up on relationships,” she asked, “Just to play with, well, very attractive human-shaped robots, all the time?”

“About a dozen,” he admitted. “Yeah, it’s weird, I guess.”

“How do people still fall in love, in a world like this?” she wondered. “Even if you try, how can you focus, when they’re always flashing a picture of someone more attractive than your boyfriend or girlfriend, on the screen, in front of them?”

“Yeah,” he said, after a long silence. “I’ve had more than one breakup for that exact reason, I guess,” he muttered. 

“So have my own kids,” she nodded. “I really don’t like the thought that I can’t relate to them about life experiences, but in this sense, it’s true,” she said, with a sigh. “I have no idea what that’s like.”

They lapsed into their own thoughts once again. 

“Why aren’t we moving?” the woman complained, after a few more minutes. “We’ve been sitting here for at least ten minutes.”

“This subway will have a waiting period of an additional five minutes,” intoned a voice over the speakers. “Users can subscribe to fast cars for an extra monthly fee of – “

“Oh, damn it,” said the woman. “I think I might get out and walk. It’s only eight blocks home.”

“Good luck with things,” she called out the door, as he wished her a good day. “And may you be lucky in love,” she said, light-heartedly. “Maybe you can give the Amish lifestyle a whirl with your friends – or maybe someone’ll come along who’ll be so great, they’ll make you forget the ads ever existed.”

“Thanks,” he laughed. “I hope so.” 

“Just be careful,” she called from beyond the doorway, “Of-" 

But the door had slammed shut before she could get the warning out, and he didn’t know what she was yelling through the doors, to accompany the wave of farewell she gave him through the window, as the train sped away. 

[Read Part II Here] (https://redd.it/8n0ytb)

r/eros_bittersweet