I'm not sure what I just unleashed. I'm not sure if it was here all along or if I'm the sole reason this... thing, this place, spawned into existence in the first place. I don't know if it's IKEA's doing or if God is testing me... but it doesn't really matter anymore now, does it? All I know for certain is that this thing exists, and it could very well be my fault.

It wasn't always like this. IKEA used to be a place I went to just to window shop and cool down on hot summer day, or just otherwise loose myself in. Yeah, boring right? I know. But I had no friends and no real life outside work. Besides, the people there were nice, and they had just started serving those meatballs when I made it my routine, so it was a nice enough place to be.

The IKEA employees caught on after a while, but they didn't really seem to mind. In fact, I'd wager that as the months went by they would expect me at certain times, as evidenced by all the times they asked where I was on days I didn't go.

I found myself staying longer and longer after a while. Eventually I would begin to lose track of time. I'd be walking through the aisles browsing the different products and silently reading them in my head, and then out of nowhere one of the workers would sneak up behind me.

"The store is now closed. Please leave the building," they'd say with a giggle. I'd laugh, they'd laugh, I'd leave, and then the next day I'd be back. It may sound weird, but I was happy. I found myself wishing I could go back more often. I wished I could stay forever.

One night though, that began to change. Not much was different that first night, but I know that's when I felt "the presence" for the first time. I had been reading off the names of the various products in the store like I normally did, but that day I decided to do it out loud in a sort of goofy voice. I figured one of the other would hear me, maybe make them laugh a little bit.  I *figured that, but that's not what happened.* I can't explain it other than that I immediately felt as though I was being watched, but no one else was there when I turned to look around. It was frightening, yes, but other than that things appeared to be the same as they always were.

However when I came back the next day I noticed it almost as soon as I walked in. The presence had lingered, and now it was more imposing. I'd peruse the wheres as per usual, yet every step I took seemed to echo. Aisles started to seem longer. The lights would sometimes flicker. I started to feel lonelier, more uneasy. After a few weeks or so, I noticed I wasn't the only one.

The employees there seemed to grow more distant as well, even to each other. They were quieter, more solemn, and their faces held less and less emotions as the days went on. It didn't interfere with their work, nay, I'd say it made them more efficient. But they weren't the same. One night I found one of them staring at me, having just turned to meet them face to face. They were unnervingly close, and their eyes seemed so... lifeless. "The store is now closed, please leave the building." Our little inside joke, now a hollow little phrase that held no real meaning other than to tell me to leave.

I spent a few weeks away after that incident. I'd drive by it on the way home, glancing in its direction every so often, but I wouldn't stop to visit. Life became more boring after that. More lonely. I wanted things to go back to the way they were before.

Eventually I gave in. I wanted to see if things were better. I wanted to see if I had just been imagining things. I went back. That was the biggest mistake of my life.

I remember stepping in. I remember looking around. I remember not seeing anyone immediately. I remember the lights going out. Then I remember the presence... I remember its rage. I remember feeling its "heartache," its loneliness. That's when I first became afraid. The second time was turning around to notice that the door I had come through was gone.

I can't really put into words what seeing that empty wall was like, but if you're reading this, then I'm assuming you already know. My fear was immeasurable at that point, and the more fearful I became the angrier this presence got. Things began to fly off the shelves, and that's when I started to run. I ran... and I ran, and I ran, and I ran. The store was so much larger than I remembered it. The ceiling was higher, the walls weren't where they should have been. Everything wasn't the way it was supposed to be.

Then I saw them. The employees... the others. I immediately felt relieved, felt like I was saved somehow. I ran to them, grabbed them by the arm, turned them towards me... and then recoiled in horror.

Total lifelessness. I should have expected that. What I could not have expected though was the lack of features. No face rested on the hunk of flesh that was their head. Nothing was there to tell me who it might have once been. No mouth was there... but after a moment of realization, I *heard* them. It was as clear as day though there was nothing to signify that they had spoken at all. They said a phrase I have now grown to fear.

"The store is now closed, please leave the building." Then they attacked. They reached, they grabbed, they tackled violently and otherwise tried to harm me. Yet their lifeless expression and voice didn't change. I ran again. I heard its loud footsteps coming after me. two by two, four by four, sixteen by sixteen. More of them were coming. I tried dodged behind aisles and tried to lose them, all while not making a sound. But all the while I was screaming inside.

It's been days now since first I found myself here. I'm barricaded in a customer bathroom. The meatballs I managed to salvage are running out, and the lights are off again. For some reason they seem to go on and off at certain hours. When they're off those... things become violent. The presence has calmed down now to the point where I almost don't feel it anymore, but I know it's still there. It's in still lingering in this store... no, I think it *is* the store.

If there's anyone reading this, I'm terribly sorry. What you're experiencing is my fault alone, and I shudder to think that others may have succumbed to this horror as I have. But I accept responsibility for this. I can only ask God for forgiveness. Then again, this could very well be hell.

They're at the door now. "The store is now closed," they say over and over. The barricade keeps them at bay, but there's more of them tonight. The door isn't gong to hold them much lo

-END-

[This story was inspired by your friends at the SCP foundation. Secure, Contain, Protect.](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-3008)