"That'll be 24.32, ma'am," A retail smile was plastered onto my face, itching like an old band-aid that needed to be ripped off. The woman began counting out her bills, smoothing out each one before handing them over to me. Just as I counted out the 25 dollars and began typing in the numbers, she shoved her hand in front of my face. 

"Wait!" Her voice was shrill and panicked and I looked around to see if there had been an emergency. "I think I have the change..." I watched as her bony hands dug through her purse, trying to locate a coin purse. However, I absentmindedly averted my attention to my reset number. Everyone had one, but similar to how you forget you can see your nose, I often forget to look in the morning. My eyes widened when I saw it. 7212. Huh...must be getting some wild sex after my shift, I rationalized. I had never personally lived a day over more than five times. Although no one could remember every time they chose to relive a day it always seemed like overkill to do it too often. Just as I began drifting into my own thoughts, a shrill hiss caused me to fall face first back down to Earth.

"Excuse me sir, I said I don't have the change!"
I nodded my head 'apologetically' and finished typing 25 dollars into the barely functioning register. "78 cents is your change, have a great day."
"Yeah, thanks, whatever." She began to waddle away and left a crumpled receipt in her wake.
"Thank you for shopping at Ready Mart!" I called after her, always feeling the need to have the last word. I couldn’t believe I had to live through her order over 7000 times. It was those moments that I thanked God I didn’t have to remember them. Only two more hours, I reminded myself, then it was time to see my girlfriend. I wonder if she was the reason I lived through this day so many times. Was the sex that good? I smirked, although it quickly dropped as a customer loudly questioned if I was open.

Thankfully, the lines dwindled down to almost nothing within the hour and I found myself leaning against a soda cooler at the front of my register. 7212 days. I couldn’t get the number out of my head. I kept double, triple, quadruple checking because I couldn’t believe it. How many years was that, even? If 3650 was 10 years, then this was about...20! I thought about how much time I wasted here, in this infinite loop, and what I should really be doing 20 years from now. I’d be married, I bet, with two children and a much better job than a part-time slave...I mean...cashier.

At 7:00pm sharp I waved goodbye to the front-end manager and sprinted to clock out only annoying three customers on the way there. What a personal low, I scoffed. By 7:02 I was starting the engine of my car and driving out of the cramped parking lot, free at last and going through a mental checklist. Girlfriend, home by 10, half of my homework, and definitely be asleep before 2am. I couldn't risk skipping another football practice. (Is that why I reset the day?)

A loud, continuous honk emerged me from my thoughts. I quickly swerved and narrowly avoided hitting a blue car with a dent in the right door that had been rushing right towards me. What a fucking idiot, driving on the wrong side of the road. I reached out my window and flipped him the bird. Maybe that's why I reset the day. Maybe he had hit me the other times. However as my girlfriend's house came into view, my mind had been wiped clean. Could never quite think straight around her.

As we were wrapped up in each other's embrace, my hands travelling down her spine teasingly I whispered "I'm on day 7212...guess you're that good, huh?"

"Guess you'll have to find out." She gave me an impish grin and my lips went straight to her neck. Yeah, this was going to be a good night...

I opened my eyes. Shit. She was still cuddled against me, her shirt and shorts thrown back on hastily in case her parents had decided to peek in. I looked over at the alarm clock and closed my eyes again - hoping that when I opened them it would say 9:45. 

It didn't work...I grabbed my phone and started fumbling with the screen, trying to get it to wake up. Shit...again. Just my luck, it was dead. I shook my girlfriend awake and gave her a quick kiss goodbye. Is this why I restarted the day? I was an hour later for curfew? My parents wouldn't kill me, no, but I knew they would be worried. They had probably called like 15 times as I slept. 

I was out the door by 10:52 and pulling into my own drive-way by 11:05. I took a deep breath and prepared for the worst. But instead of the lecture I had been expecting when I opened the door, I received huge hugs.

"Uh...listen, I'm sorry for being late...." I attempted to say, but the tears wouldn't stop pouring from my mother's face. "I'm okay...I mean...really, I won't do it again." My mother was an emotional woman, that I would not deny, but I had been late plenty of times and this had never happened before. I looked up at my step-dad who stood to the side, trying to find answers...but I saw tears streaking his face too.

"Uh...guys?" I felt as if I was choking now. Something bad had happened, but I couldn't tell what.

"It's your brother, Jason..." My step-dad whispered. "He's been kidnapped...some guy in a blue car....when...when we let him go to the park by himself...he was taken..."

I tried to process this information, but I couldn't quite handle it. Blue car. Blue car. Blue car. I closed my eyes and saw it rushing towards me. If I had just let myself get hit...maybe my little brother would have had a chance.

7213.