Leaning on the car's door-frame I drop my cigarette to the floor and stare at its embers. How did I end up getting into this, in this lifetime? Mistake after mistake, that is what this life has become. A nightmare. A total fucking nightmare.

Gazing around at the surroundings I look for anything suspicious, but the small town is barren and dry, filled with sand and heat waves. The derelict houses are accompanied only by their broken down cars and everything else is just dead. I spit on the floor to rid of my foul tasting mouth and turn to Leo, my partner in crime in this damned life. I have known him ever since I got involved in the cartel and he always has my back.

"How long are we supposed to wait in this fucking place?" I ask him.

He shrugs, blowing out a long stream of smoke. "Drop off is definitely here."

I turn around to look at the surroundings once more. "There's nothing here, no one's turned up. We've been waiting here for an hour."

"We'll call the boss if nothing happens in the next ten minutes," he crushes the cigarette under his boot. "But this is supposed to be the biggest payout yet, it's worth the wait."

I mumble to myself, unhappy. It's too hot, too dry, I am becoming agitated.

"Hey Q."

I look at Leo and see he is staring up into the sky. "What?"

"Remember...remember that time we stole those donuts? Back in Ma's town. Remember that?"

I chuckle slightly. "You mean before any of this shit happened?"

"Yeah..." he says lowly. "Back when we were naive and free. God I miss being free..."

I watch him for a moment but then turn away, my back to him. "There's no such thing as freedom Leo."

"Freedom..." I hear him say. "You're right."

Suddenly there's a loud bang and my head explodes. I see white, I hear ringing, I am flying high, so high I touch the earth's atmosphere lost in the blue which is slowly becoming dark and darker and darker...I think I am in space and then...

I roll out of the bed and land on the floor with a thud.

I lay there for a few moments, head buried in the blanket and my hands clutching the back of my head. Leo shot me, he shot me, my best friend shot me, he shot me, killed me, in the back of my head! He shot me in the back! My back turned! In the back of my head! He was my best friend! My best friend betrayed me!

I scramble up onto my feet, wobbling and falling and then I rush over to the door and bang on the wood with my fists, screaming at the top of my lungs.

The door bursts open and I fall onto the floor, staring up at the figure who has entered from the bright corridor. She is lit up by the light behind her and staring at me.

"Baby what's wrong?"

Its then I begin crying, bawling my eyes out and letting my emotions pour out of me as the woman scoops me up into her arms. Oh god...I briefly think...I am having a tantrum.

"Leo he-he-he..." I am crying so hard I can hardly speak coherently. But the woman's warmth and embrace is comforting. "He don't like me...he killed me...when I wasn't looking I thought we was best friends! We was friends! Why would he do that? Why would he do that?" I curl up my tiny fists and and grip her   shirt tightly. "Why would he do that?"

"Baby I don't know but it was just a bad dream, it was just a dream..."

I allow my mother to hold me in her arms for a long few, blissful minutes and when I have stopped hiccuping and crying, she lays me back in the bed and kisses my forehead.

"Try and get back to sleep now. It was just a dream."

I nod at her and she walks out of the room. Once I am alone again I sit up and collect my bearings.

This is normal for me, this is normal, five years old again, this is fine. I need a few moments to think is all. In fact, what I need to do is plan revenge.

I jump out of the bed and observe my new bedroom. There is a table filled with stationary so I clamber up into the chair and I grab a pencil. I need to make a plan. Forming the thoughts in my head I jot down everything I need first, the supplies. But then I realize my childlike hands aren't fully coordinated with my mind so everything I have crammed in my brain, is not being developed on the paper. Frustrated after a mere few seconds I throw the pencil down and jump down from the chair.

Wait...where even am I?

Rushing to the curtains, I pull them open and look outside. And what I see is snow. Snow. I'm not in New Mexico anymore. Nowhere near.

Stepping back I trip up over my own feet and land on my backside on the floor.
I have been given another chance, to start again, to right the mistakes I made, to do better and not end up in the same place. Last lifetime, it had been a nightmare. Horrific. Filled with drugs, killing, money that just slipped away so easily and was thrust in my hands just as easy. I have been given another chance.

Grabbing my blanket from the bed I lay down on the floor. I love my blanket. I place my thumb in my mouth and suddenly begin sucking on it, it's comforting. I love my mum and dad, I love snow. I watch the snow fall and land on the window and slowly, I drift off into a deep sleep. 