It was another blistering hot June day in the middle of Arizona heat and Justin was late to work. Again. 
Speeding down the 101 Loop North, swerving in and out of 4 lane traffic he had one goal in mind: Don’t be late. 
As Justin pulled off the highway and barreled down the dusty dirt road towards Ye Olde Tavern restaurant he only had minutes to spare before he would be looking for another job.
     His old rusty Corolla didn’t go particularly fast, he drove with windows down to survive the desert heat. As his car filled with dust and his vision became more impaired he noticed a shadow starting to cross the road. Is it a coyote? 
Maybe a jackrabbit or a bobcat? Before he collided he made out what was crossing… A fucking squirrel?! He pulled the e-brake at the last second. His car swerved out of control, and the back end of his vehicle swung around.
     As the dust cleared he could clearly see the squirrel in the middle of the road.
 It stood up on its hind legs, looked him in the eye and winked. Justin was astonished, and quite taken aback… this cheeky nut loving critter who shouldn’t be near a desert and just nearly killed him and now has the audacity to wink at him?!
 Before he could pay the grey smoky squirrel another thought his corollas engine sputtered to a halt as his phones alarm began to buzz in his pocket.
 Justin was going to be late for work. He checked his rear view and could see Ye Olde Tavern in the distance about 200 feet up the road.
 Checking through the windshield once more the squirrel was gone and it was starting to get hot in his car. He was going to have to walk the rest of the way to work and explain to his boss that a squirrel made him late. A squirrel… in Arizona. What luck he was having today.
     Justin hopped out of his beater, smashed his windshield in with a rock and wiped dirt on his face. Then he sprinted for the restaurant.
 If he was going to be late he was going to have a good excuse. When he got there he ran into his manager before he was able to punch in. He put on a show.
     “I’m so sorry sir I hit an animal on my way here! My car is parked down the road and I sprinted the rest of the way here” Justin gasped.
     “Oh man are you alright?” The manager asked.
     “I’m alright, just shaken up. My car is done for though. I’ll call a tow truck and my insurance on break. Is it alright if I get to work on food preparations for lunch?”
The manager didn’t buy his story but he needed someone for Justins shift, at least for today.
     “Sure, get to work. But I want to talk to you before you leave today.
    Justin clocked in. And worked like a horse the rest of his shift, only stopping to claim false damage on his vehicle during his lunch break. 
At the end of his shift his manager walked him outside and sat Justin down at the outside patio. He needed this job to support his family. If he lost it he would have to move back in with his parents.
     “Justin, you work hard. Which is why this is going to be so hard for me.”
     “Sir, if you would just let me explain-” Justin started.
     “ We have given you a lot of chances here but you have been late 5 times this month”
     “I know that, but you won’t believe what happened today on my way to work, I would of been on time if it wasn’t for that damn squirrel.
     “Justin you’re crazy there aren’t any squirrels in Arizona.”
     “ I swear to god-”
     “Don’t use the lords name in vein around me boy.” The manager snarled.
     “But sir… LOOK!”
Justin couldn’t believe his eyes. The smokey grey squirrel was perched at the end of the patio nibbling on a clementine. The managers jaw dropped as he looked from Justin to the squirrel. Then the oddest thing happened. Smokey winked at the manager. 
     “Ok Justin… I believe you. And I will give you one more chance just because I believe you now. But if you’re late again I’ll go nuts."
