Odd amalgamations pierce the all-encompassing darkness, each possessing a flap near the top of their forms that moves when they produce sounds. With these sounds came a howling wind and the patter of rain on the cool November pavement. Wait. Is that dad? Is that Lizzie?
	
He was born blind, but somehow, every now and then, a person’s form will penetrate the sea of black that fate, or whatever they want to call it, forced upon him. One time he saw his grandmother for an entire day. That day was a blessing, he’d never enjoyed their time together more. He’d say it’s one the best days of his life if that car didn’t run the light. The EMT’s pronounced her dead-on impact. Before that day he never thought much into his sporadic miracles of sight. He didn’t know what to call it, he didn’t think that’s how people normally appeared but there’s no real way of knowing. From that day he began looking out, even going out of his way to ask a few people their names. Granted, he only asked two, and only one consented, but the one, Mary McDonald, died later that night. It was plastered all over the news. Woman stabbed six time in seven- eleven. A surge of nausea mounted in his throat.

“Dad!”

All the forms abruptly turned, then exchanged glances. They looked to some other point, the stranger. He didn’t recognize the voice but everyone sounded so calm. They didn’t understand. They couldn’t comprehend.

“What is it Sam? Are you alright?”

That’s it! If he invented an excuse he could lure them away from the stranger. “My eyes don’t feel right. It’s like there’s something bright.”
	
“What do you mean bright?” his Dad said. Now Lizzie came over too. Mom continued doing some overly repetitive kneading motion with her hands.

“It looks like a bad time Chuck, want to reschedule?”

Please do, if he can just get them away…

“Hang tight for minute.” He said towards the stranger. “Sam what do you mean?”

The best part was he didn’t have to lie, “I think I see you Dad.” He threw caution out the window. If it meant keeping them safe, he’d gladly commit himself. “I don’t know how to describe it—

Lightning lashed out so near everyone ducked.

“Ha-ha.” His Dad said more at the lightning than him. “Sam are you serious—

The bone grinding sound of a tree splitting cut everything off. A cacophony of shrills and something like explosions tore through the space around them. His Dad went from standing in front of him to splayed on the floor and then vanished. He looked around but couldn’t see his mom. Lizzie looked faint, wispier than she had before and standing at some impossible angle.

A degrading chuckle broke the continuous patter of rain. “Sadly boy, when it’s time… it’s time.” 

He looked around the house once more and he saw something else for the first time, his legs. 