It was a Sunday morning and my pet dog barged into my room. Now unbeknownst to most people this dog is my familiar, this dog is a demon. You've ever seen American Satan? Yeah that's me. Of course I never understood why the demon wanted me. He came when I was 4 going on 5.

I had no use for him when I was younger but I understood the importance of him, and I never saw him as a demon, I saw him as a genie, every wish was my command. Until that June night in 2009 when he finally told me that he didn't do this for free, everything has it's price and on a day that price must get paid.

I agreed but we came to an agreement that he shan't harm anyone. There was a time when I was 6 and Geoffrey stole my Pokémon Gold and I felt upset. Geoffrey was found flailed alive the next morning in a beach near Shropshire even though none of us have been there. I knew then that I couldn't use the Demon for bad, strange yes but a man's gotta have morals?

Anyways I'm getting off topic, all you need to know is that I'm currently the richest man in the land due to my invention of a universal translator. By universal I mean universal, a Chinaman, an Uzbek and Cthulhu could converse if they wished to. I've also sold out concert halls and I've bedded many a woman. But still I wouldn't necessarily say I've made a deal with the devil but I've gotten pretty damn close.

I'm losing you, I'm losing you, my apologies, my familiar, one I call Tinky Winky. (Look I was four, Teletubbies was the shit back then especially for a four year old.) He came to me and he informed me that today was the day. He requested we went to hell, he requested I helped him. I asked him what would happen to my body, he replied that I'd be dead. That may seem like a deal-breaker to many but he, he realised my main dream. He realised that I wished for obituaries, he realised that fame is fleeting but Infamy is Immortal.

So I agreed if he allowed me to go out on my own terms so Mom, Dad, Rebecca, Matthew, Evie, Barry and Frankie I'm sorry that your brother/son/owner/uncle was found in a pool of cement with a trombone up his anus whilst 'Two Trucks' by Lemon Demon played on repeat but believe me, I have no idea why but this is how he wanted to go.

Much love

T.T

TS.