It was that time of day again. The Love rush. All of the stuff people back on Earth thought was made up by that Lovecraft guy. Oh how wrong they were.

First through the doors, as always, was a Shoggoth. He sat down in his usual spot. “Give me the usual,” he told me. I had to glance down at the paper on the counter to remind myself of what he wanted.

“Here you go, Shogscast; Arctic on the Rocks.” He smiled and compensated me, as I took the payment to the register. After all my years here, he had to be my favorite customer. Especially when a new face came to the bar.

Outside, I could feel a new arrival, and started to worry. “Don’t be afraid, it is a new patron; he won’t be here for some time,” the Shoggoth warned me. I nodded, opening the window to the outside, to find a huge alien beast, with many white tentacles overshadowing many more black ones. Even if I stuck my head out the window and cleaned my neck, I couldn’t see the top of this thing; only its purple flesh, towering above.

“Shamste, what’s the read on this thing?” “It calls itself Gangi’el; a self-proclaimed cosmic horror, the prick.” “It seems pretty horrific to me.” “Ah, it hails from a children’s card game. It seems no one will miss it over there.”

I nodded, sticking my head out the window. “What’ll it be?” “Poison... of the Old Man...” its voice rasped. I went into the back to find such a thing. I had everything back there, it was just a matter of finding it. I found the capped, green liquid in its vial, taking it out the storeroom and to the creature. A white tentacle gave me the payment, as we exchanged items, and he flew away.

Customers came and went, as did Shoggoth, but then, it appeared. I could hear its movements outside. I turned around as it knocked the wall down, allowing it to better see. Normally, that might cause something bad, like a building collapse, but the edge of reality has a surprisingly poor grip on itself.

“What’s up, fuckers,” the booming voice of Cthulhu asked jokingly. I didn’t dare look at it, not even in a mirror. “What’ll it be,” I asked the entity. “You to face me like a polite man for once,” it chortled. “No, I’ll just have a R’lyeh Temple; y’know, the usual.” 

I rolled my eyes, carefully opening them to make the thing, while upholding the 2nd part of the creature’s ‘usual’. “Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn,” I chanted, as I set the drink before the monster. “Good, good. Guess I won’t have to ask Azathoth to straighten you out,” it jeered, tossing its money at me. “Later, loser,” it laughed, as it disappeared. I sighed, both of disappointment, and of relief. It was finally closing time. The wall was fine, it would repair itself sometime soon, so I just closed up shop. I locked the door, as the wall fixed itself up. “Ah, just another day in the business,” I smiled, as I went on my way.