NOTE: Purposefully not using any real world children, as they are not celebrities they are not my playthings for my fiction.  And I have story ideas that are likely not compatible.

With everything cooking nicely I pop to the bathroom to do my makeup.   Just take a second, I can multitask this.

"I really should have taken off work early the time crunch is too much they'll be here any so soon!"

I really shouldn't have to put up with this, that's the tradeoff for putting up with all the homophobia, you rarely have to do the meet the parents thing.   No, I kid, I kid, it's good she has a good relationship with her father.  Wonder what he'll think of me.  I hope he's not one of these, I'm ok with you being gay, until you date a girl

"Crap, now that eyeliner is thicker than the oth..."

"What's that smell!?"  I race to the kitchen pulling the fire extinguisher off the wall I spray the flames out.   

"No No No, it's all ruined!"  What charred remains there were are now all covered in, foam?  I really don't know what they put in these things.   Am I suppose to get a new one now or "No no Focus!!! they'll be here soon."

I scrape everything into the trash and look thru the kitchen, what do I have I can cook now.  A few leftovers, tea, a half eaten yogurt, oooo nope, a couple frozen lean cuisine, steaks?  Oh, my brother left these here.   God I bet they're terrible but I made a big deal I better just cook something.

I clean the stove and carefully cook the steaks, not letting these out of my sight.  Taking everything off the heat just as the doorbell rings.

I open the door to find Anna and her father, !  OMG her father is Gordon fucking Ramsay! Right that is his middle name isn't it, he says it enough.

"Hi!!! Come in, Come in." I give Anna a quick kiss on the cheek.   "Mr. Ramsay, so very nice to meet you sir.   Can I get you a glass of wine?"

Everything seems to be moving in slow motion and hyperspeed at the same time! It's all a blur.   I pour him a glass of whatever red wine I have sitting around, god I'm sure it's terrible.

"If you'd give us just a moment, I'd like to speak to Anna in the other room for just, just a tiny moment."

I gently push the bedroom door close behind us.  

"Sorry" she gently says.

"I mean, you could have casually mentioned who your father is."

"I know, but when we first got together, well, I don't like bringing it up, people think they can use me for something, and then I didn't know he'd be visiting so soon." 

"I understand that part.."  

"Well, then you had your heart set on cooking for us," she explained.

"Right.."

"And I did try really hard to convince you we should just go out."

"Yeah, I think, you could have done a bit better on that..."  I smiled as I said it though.

I explained about the fire, and the disaster, and when I got to the steaks she started laughing.

"It's really not that funny."

"It really is, look calm down, it'll be ok, he's not like he is on TV, he's just dad.  Everything will be fine."

And everything was, dinner went smoothly.  I could tell he didn't like the food but he never said a word, conversation was fun.   

After we had eaten, he looked at me with a smile, and said.   "Thank you for the food, never had better, but your makeup looks like fucking shit."