There were exactly 50 of us in the dome, all exactly the same age. The robots took care of our every need. Every day we'd run around and play, learn about science, history, the universe, and do yoga, karate, basket ball. But we'd never met our parents, or even been outside the dome. Every six months they sent us a video message, told us more about their lives on Ursa Minor, how they walked through the open air, and about their ancestors from planet Earth. I knew there was something more to life, beyond this dome. We'd seen all these other children in videos. When would we be allowed to play with them?

Six months before our 14th birthdays, our parents' video message told us that we would soon be old enough. That in their next message they would explain everything. So between all the model making, gymnastics and music, the anticipation built and built. Perhaps there had a been a war some speculated. Or maybe an epidemic. Surely our parents wouldn't abandon us.

When the day came, a father spoke to us. As you know, he said, humans originated on Earth in the Milky Way. We learned to travel through space, but the distances are vast, and even with cryonics we could only slowly colonise the galaxy. But mankind has always sought expansion, to discover the unknown. And so we created a spaceship that could make the journey of millions of light years to the next galaxy \- Andromeda. There was no way a frozen adult could survive that long, but a single\-celled embryo could. We built all the robots that could raise these embryos, bring you up just as our natural children, teach you all of humanity's knowledge. And this is who you are: you've been frozen for millions of years, and as far as we know, you're the only humans ever to leave the Milky Way.

We looked around at each other with shock and horror. It was worse than any war or epidemic. There simply was no life outside this dome. We would never meet our parents \- they had lived and died millions of years ago. And all those children we saw in the videos were just that \- we would never ever play ball with them. We were utterly, totally and completely alone \- millions of light years from the nearest humans \- and the horror was beyond comprehension.