Leonard Mullen’s agency had certainly seen better days. When business was booming, he had more than a hundred employees under him, and every trade publication carried glowing reviews of the ethics the agency exemplified. New work flowed in like water from melting ice caps. The agency was so busy that at one point, Leonard’s time was exclusively reserved for the richest and most powerful of their clientele. 

*How times have changed*, thought Leonard, as he studied the elderly couple seated before him. They were not famous, and there was no newsworthy angle to their request. They were, however, the agency’s first potential clients in months.

“Mr and Mrs Reyland,” Leonard said, “what you are asking for is highly unusual. I’m afraid I must insist to understand your motivations before I can proceed.”

“That is not what we were told,” said Mark Reyland. He stabbed a finger at the bundled papers on Leonard’s desk. “The forms were filled out perfectly, and the permit’s been granted. There is no need for us to justify ourselves to you.”

“Hold on, hold on. I’m not here to judge you,” said Leonard. “But I do have my agency’s reputation to consider. It is only fair that I know what I am getting us into. And if you don’t like the way we do things, you can always go to our competitors.”

“We’ll pay your fees! Just do the job!” said Emily Reyland. “Sure looks like your agency needs the work! Why are you asking so many questions?”

Leonard didn’t like to admit it, but despite the hesitation he was feeling about this case, his mind had already charted out multiple options for the task at hand. It was force of habit, from the years he had spent honing his craft. When the new laws went into effect, giving everyone the opportunity to legally Terminate one other person each, Leonard’s agency thrived on taking the mess out of the equation.

After all, if people were willing to pay a plumber to fix their pipes, or an electrician to tweak their circuitboards, why not pay people like Leonard to Terminate their targets? It was all about providing a service, and it was there that Leonard and his agency excelled. To Leonard, it was just a job like any other, and he did not worry too much about the morality of what he was doing – that was for the politicians to debate, and as long as the permits were granted by the government, Leonard would do as his clients asked.

It now appeared that there were lines which even Leonard was not prepared to cross. He grit his teeth, held tightly on the smile he reserved for his most trying clients, and asked, “Just indulge me, please. What could possibly have gone so wrong that you want me to Terminate your eight year-old granddaughter? What do her parents have to say about this?”

“Her parents are dead,” said Mark, as Emily averted her eyes and focused on the world outside the windows. “Nothing to do with us. Car accident, down the highway. They couldn’t be saved.”

“I’m sorry to hear that,” said Leonard. “And I assume your granddaughter passed into your care?”

“She did,” said Mark. “Been with us every day since.”

“And…”

“This will make things clearer,” said Mark, as he retrieved a photograph and slid it across the table. “She was hurt in the crash too. Doctors say she’s stable now, but all she does now is sit in her room, all quiet-like. She doesn’t talk, she doesn’t do anything. It’s hard even just to get her to eat.”

“Well, then you’ve got to bring her to a therapist,” said Leonard. “Someone who can help her get-”

Emily piped up then, her voice cutting Leonard off. “We’ve not got long ourselves, Mr Mullen. I’ve got cancer, and Mark’s heart is not what it used to be. We’re not leaving Chloe here by herself. We’re the only family she’s got. She’s coming with us.”

“What my wife means to say is, we’re not asking you to Terminate her now. But once we’re gone, you’ve got to do it.”

“But why!” asked Leonard. “She’s alive! She’s healthy! Why’s she got to go when you two do?”

“She ain’t got family, Mr Mullen,” said Emily. “We know what happens to young girls who… who are cared for by the state, passed around from foster home to foster home. She ain’t healthy too. She’s… hurt, inside, and we don’t think she will get better.”

“Please, Mr Mullen,” said Mark. “You’ve got to help us. The thought… the thought that when we go, that Chloe’s all alone here, with no one to care for her… I don’t want to have to do this, but goddammit, if you’re not going to help us, then I will have to…”

“Wait, wait,” said Leonard. “Just wait a damn second.” Leonard rooted around in his jacket for his jacket, then retrieved a photograph from within. It was his turn to slide it over to his clients. “That’s my wife,” he said. “We’ve never been blessed with children. What if… what if we took Chloe in instead, after the two of you can’t care for her anymore?” 

“No offence, Mr Mullen,” Mark said. “But we don’t know you. You’re not better than any of the foster families the state would give us.”

“The difference is, I can offer to take Chloe in now, and you can stick around to see that we’re meeting your expectations. A trial period, if you will. Heck, Chloe herself may not like us, and if she doesn’t then the deal’s off too. And I’d have to ask my wife first, of course, but if she agrees… will you at least consider it?”

“You could simply change your mind after we’re gone!” said Emily. “You’ll be as bad as everyone else!”

“I could have accepted your job at the start,” said Leonard. “I could have simply taken your permit, your fees, and made the necessary plans. An eight-year-old girl is about the easiest target which has cross my path in years. But I refused until I learned more, didn’t I?”

“But… why would you do something like this? You’re… you’re a killer, Mr Mullen.”

Leonard smiled. 

“You can be the judge of that yourself, whether you want to leave Chloe with us,” Leonard said. “Shall I call my wife now?”

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny
