The details of my death are only as important as I make them. The same is true for the details of my own life. It's a gift and curse, granting yourself the freedom to believe whatever the hell you want. Experiences, objects, truths, feelings. Descriptions are limited by vocabulary, by what you KNOW. Understanding is limited by opposites. 

So finding myself in an utterly indescribable space, one I can only guess is my own mind, but actually BEING there, it's like my brain was turned inside out. I think I'm IN here, no longer OUT there. Inside out, up side down. It was only ever ME out THERE. And now OUT there is inside of ME. 

The other side of the coin. 

I'm lost in here. 

As has been assumed and written about, it's dark. That's true, the darkness. But not dark like the lights are out. It's a vacuum. Light dissipates, or it would if I had a source. In a void you can see. I am seeing Nothing. Which is strange because I don't believe I have eyes.

What I do have is consciousness. Or I AM consciousness. When I was "out there", the Material was my reality, and the Physical was all I knew. I knew joy, but only because I knew pain. I knew love, but only because I knew hate. I treated myself badly. I only know because I saw others treat themselves well. 

Being void of physical sensations, of emotional roller coasters, a sense I can only say is calming immediately envelopes me. But that doesn't last. Panic explodes and I'm everywhere. Alice in Wonderland syndrome; physical sensations are strangely and unexplainably back. My Being encompasses all space and time and the panic is worse. I'm stretching, nothing can stop it. Spread so thin, filling every imaginable minuscule space until I'm about to burst and finally, instead of bursting, I implode. I'm tiny. Worse than tiny, I am hardly anything at all. I am the closest thing to Nothing there is. Repeat ad infinitum.

Time is an illusion, measured only by the Physical. Here in my own mind, occurrences last forever while never even taking place at all. And I am forced to confront the Truth. It was so when I was Physical: Nothing is and Everything is. All at once, whatever you like. 

I tried, I think I tried. Why were you so sad? It's not like it took dying to sense the Truth. A deep, unshakable feeling and knowing that you are Everything and Nothing. Whatever the hell you wanted to be. Why did you pick sadness? 

I picked it? 

Obviously.

I don't know. It was easy? 

It was comfortable?

Familiar, yes. Maybe I was lazy.

Maybe?

Maybe I didn't deserve happiness.

Why not? 

I didn't let myself. 

It's ok. Shh, you're ok. Hey. It's ok. Would you like to try again?

Yes.

--------------------------------------------

My eyes are opening. Light filters softly in, all reds and pinks. A comforting pressure seems to rest on my head, and a warm, wet squishy environment swaddles me close. I hear something soft, and it's peculiarly familiar and I welcome it as if I've heard it before. It's called Mother, and she's speaking to me. While I can't interpret her literal words and I hear only sounds, her syllables all strung together have a way of being understood. I am special, I am wanted and I am deeply and unconditionally loved. 

I'm in Heaven.