"Warden Marcus." the inmate said from his prison-issue cot under the window. Alphonse Marcus recalled that this was one of only seventeen single-inmate cells in the prison. An idiosyncrasy to be sure, but of fleeting interest to a man as important as Warden Marcus. "A pleasure, as always."

"I'm sure Mr.," Marcus feigned the expected ignorance of that which was his domain and raised the clipboard he held so as to appear to be able to read it. He was cut off from ostensibly finding this inmate's unknown name however.

"Alphonse there is no need to such blatant duplicity. You know my name as well if not better than the name of your secretary Diane. I would wager that the clipboard you hold has no relevant information for the conversation we are about to have--included but not limited to my name--written on it at all." Warden Marcus' eyes were fixed in direct link with this inmate, where they had stopped on the way down to the clipboard. He regarded this man in what he hoped was a cold, calculating manner for a moment before speaking.

"On the contrary Robert. On this clipboard I have a single sheet of paper."

"But you considered having multiple sheets. Worthless inventories and invoices no doubt, collected duly by your office staff during their administrative tasks. All secured to that board in an effort to impress upon me a lack of importance in your overall routine and life."

"Indeed."

"But you discarded that notion." He paused for a moment as his gaze broke from Warden Marcus', and he appeared to scrutinize an obscure patch of the concrete floor for some moments before looking back. "In fact... yes, you set aside that foolishness almost as soon as the idea had popped into your mind. Interesting then that you would attempt to amuse me with the pretense of ignorance."

Marcus smiled and let his clipboard-wielding hand slack to his side while his other casually entered his slacks' pocket. "Trust but verify." He said in level response. His adversary regarded him a moment with an appraising look.

"You do not disappoint, Alphonse. Since you arrived here I have heard and seen nothing but the most promising things from you. You have and continue to strike me as an ambitious man of intelligence." A pause. "Please, go ahead and speak your mind to me." Marcus coolly shuffled from one foot to the other, leaning against the concrete door frame finally.

"As I said, this clipboard is not completely empty. I mentioned on sheet of paper."

"On which is written a number."

"A date."

"A date which happens to coincide with my arrival here," Robert feigned thoughtful consideration for a moment before continuing, "which was approximately three decades ago, I believe."

"Give or take some months, days and hours. Normal inmates count those things with great fervor."

"Normal inmates need not apply Alphonse."

"I am sure. So then. Given the way this interaction has gone so far, why don't you just tell me--"

"What you want to hear?" He interjected.

"What you want to say, I should think." He responded. Robert was silent for a moment or so.

"I am not a vampire, werewolf, deity, freak or an immortal per sé. In fact, in recent centuries I have come to think of myself as having more in common with the Scientist than any other societal role or construct."

"But?" He prompted. Robert shrugged a little and even smirked a bit. Intense emotional display for a person who's fastidiously shaved scalp, immaculately trimmed shrub of a beard and stunning blue eyes rarely betrayed anything whatsoever.

"But..." He let the silence linger in what Marcus assumed to be acknowledgement. he was taken by surprised when he realized almost immediately that Robert had expected him t suggest something further. "Ah. I'd thought you had an idea."

"Of course not Robert. I'm an administrative genius who fires good human beings because it improves my value to my employers. I dabble in the higher intellectual arts but would never purport to be an expert in anything outside my domain. Here, " he motioned vaguely at the room around them, "I am king. I am no god however and cannot know all." Now it was his turn to allow a pregnant pause. "So, tell me. Enlighten me so that we can move forward." Robert appeared to be considering Marcus' words;  or at least Robert gave as much as an impression as one as inscrutable as himself could give that he as considering anything.

"Well played Marcus. Shamelessly I consider myself clever. Not crafty, but clever. I have met many men and women more intelligent, wise and smart. I am usually more clever though." Robert paused here and rose from the cot. Marcus knew that Robert intended him no harm--he suspected it wouldn't matter if he did--but he could not help but feel more tense for the man's apparent comfort level.
"I am much older than anyone believe. I am probably older than even you already suspect with your consummate intellectual dabbling;  which I admire by the way." Marcus took this to be a pointed compliment as Robert pierced him with those stunning deep-blue eyes while washing his hands in the sink. He continued, "In fact, I believe I am approximately three millennia old. It's a bit sketchy regarding actual numbers;  I have specific memories I cling to. For example the first time I absorbed the energy of another."

"Energy?" Marcus more or less blurted the question out unintentionally, but there it was. Robert regarded him much like Marcus' favorite college professor had often done when questioned.

"Yes, energy." Robert was silent as he casually returned to his cot. "As I mentioned earlier, I now consider myself a scientist."

"But?" Marcus blurted out his prompting questing again despite himself. This time he earned a smile and a nod of the head from Robert.

"Yes, 'but.' The most accurate name despite my egotistical aspirations is Necromancer. In fact, I was styled myself Lord of the Dead. Mind you, I did not want to be confused with some upstart contemporary who called himself 'Lord of the Damned' or 'Lord of Death' or some other contrite foolishness." Robert held up a hand suddenly and Marcus realized it was in response to his next outburst which he had not even realized was coming on until now.
"How does this make me immortal or something like it? It doesn't. It just so happens that learning to infuse the deceased with enough energy to keep moving about--especially enough energy that they can follow commands," Marcus couldn't help himself and cut off Robert mid-thought.

"Is part and parcel to borrowing--no, redirecting that energy to yourself." It was a bold declaration;  no a question at all.

"Precisely. That is it exactly. One cannot learn one thing without seeing the other clear as day." Marcus felt as though Robert had aged visibly since the start of the conversation as he watched him speak. "There is some further nuance, but all in all it remains that I manage the energy of life--despite the ascribed moniker--and as such am adept at knowing how to replenish my own energy. It wasn't until Einstein came along that I developed so deep an appreciation of my skills. He described the universe so clearly, so elegantly. My work progressed rapidly after he ripped open the clockworks of nature so clearly." Robert stopped here and turned those cold blue eyes back to Marcus. "So then," he said.

"So:  what do I need to do now that I've put it all together to not end up like Officer Sanders?" Marcus threw his gambit on the table recklessly, standing up straight and buttoning his jacket. "Or the others?"

There were several terrifying minutes for Marcus as Robert sat there silently, visually appraising him still and seeking the proof Marcus felt was plain:  he was only guessing, striking at images in the dark.

"You know?" Robert asked;  asked though, not suggested nor hinted nor stated. He *asked*.

"Sanders has been... dead? For perhaps five years. Two of his subordinates--lonely bachelors I noticed--appear to have followed him in service. As it turns out I noticed a small but important handful of inmates--contemporaries of yours with respect to this institution at least--have also fallen under your sway." Marcus paused, turning half to the doorway before resuming. "In fact, that gang leader was a stroke of clever timing I would say. I infer from the records my predecessor kept that you essentially incited his gang and their main rival to violence, and when one leader finally fell you were there. How you managed to ingratiate yourself well enough with both factions that you could be at culmination of so much hatred I do not know, but i know you were there. And, you took that fallen leader on as one of your servants, securing significant protection in the long run."

Robert raised a hand slowly and calmly;  a 'stop, I understand' motion.

"Clever indeed." Robert considered a moment. "Get me out of here."

"Is that all?"

"Yes."

"I'll see what I can do then." Marcus turned the rest of the way to the door and began walking out.

"Thank you for your time Warden." Robert called quietly after him. Marcus was just on the threshold of the door then, and turned abruptly.

"Oh. Sanders was, uh, 'killed?' last night." Marcus said, shrugging his shoulders. The surprised Robert showed would have been quiet non-interest or complete mental absence in any other person Marcus had even met. In him though it was like drums beating on the mountain tops.

"I see."

"Good. I'll see what I can do about your needs Robert. I can't imagine why the state would keep someone for so long. Of course you were suspected of more murders than convicted--though candidly we both know you likely didn't kill anyone, you're too clever. That said, I think with a few letters to the right people I can persuade someone to take interest in you. I suspect good things will come my way after that."

"Ah. Well then, as always--"

"A pleasure Robert."

"Yes, a pleasure warden. Good night."