My names Ned. There’s really nothing all that interesting about me on the surface. I’m 24, recently moved out of my parents house, now living in a small 1 bedroom apartment, and I work at a big corporate paper company doing sales from a tiny windowless cubicle. I’m not complaining though, in fact this is more or less the life I expected. It’s safe, simple, and easy. 

My extracurricular life isn’t much different to be honest, since I don’t really have many friends. There’s Hank, a quiet bloke who I met a few years back at college. Every Thursday I go over his place after work, and we quietly watch some TV with a few beers and some pizza. And then there’s my 3 year old dog Nacho, named so because when he was a pup, I made a some nachos, went to the bathroom to wash my hands, and came back to an empty plate.

Really I am fine with all of this, or rather I was fine with all of this. I would have been perfectly happy to live out the rest of my life in this particular fashion. At least that’s what I kept telling myself.
But then, there was Maria, and Bob, and Nigel.

Maria. Oh Maria. Why did you have to start working on the other side of my cubicle wall? From the moment I laid eyes on her, everything changed. And I’m not talking about the normal cute crush type of things; Butterflies in the stomach (they were there), the constant need to get up and take a quasi stalker-ish peek (I did), the ‘accidental’ eye contact, and quickly look away motion over at the water cooler (guilty as charged). No I’m talking about something far more bazaar.

The moment my heart fluttered for this woman, the strangest, most annoying, impossible,  potentially psychotic thing happened. 2 small men magically appeared on my shoulders.

You heard me. 2 small, bickering, obnoxious, argumentative, imaginary middles aged men, were now sitting on my fucking shoulders. 

“Yo you gonna hit that or what?” 

I turned around, nobody was there. I went back to my computer screen.

“I said you gonna tap that ass or not?”

“Who said that?!” I whispered loudly, turning around to see nothing.

“Robert, I hardly think that type of language is necessary”

“Shut up Nigel you old fart”

I slowly turned to my right. To my shock, there was a little, overweight man, mid 40’s, sitting on my shoulder, drinking a beer.

“Hi”

I screamed in absolute horror, swatting this monstrosity of my shoulder like a big giant bug. 
My hand only went through it, like a ghost.

Still screaming, the other voice chimed.

“Calm down sir, calm down, there is no point in over reacting”

I look to my left, and see another small man sitting there. This one is dressed to the nines, sporting a tobacco pipe, with a very posh British accent. I swat away at him too.

Nigel: “I’ll say, is this really necessary?”

Ned: “get off, get the fuck off!! Ahhhhh!!!”

Robert: “I don’t think he likes you. I don’t even like you”

I’m still wailing around trying to forcefully brush them both off my shoulders.

Nigel: “Well that’s completely besides the point! Please sir, we are only here to help you.”

Ned: “Get off me Demon MONSTERS!!!” I silently yelled

Robert: “You hear that, he thinks we’re monsters! Yea well go fuck yourself too, you little scrawny bitch!”

Nigel: “You’re not helping Robert! Please sir, nobody can see or hear us except you!”

Ned: “I said GET OFF!! 

I screamed this so loud it caused my co-workers to stand up, and stare at me, confused.

Embarrassed, and wide eyed, I said,

Ned: “Sorry, uh, rude caller”

Everyone cautiously sat back down.

Nigel: “Ned, as I said, nobody can hear or see us. Just you.”

Ned: “I don’t know what the hell you are, but this is Not normal!”

Robert: “No shit kiddo”

Nigel rolled his eyes.

Nigel: “We were sent here for you sir, to help you with your quest.”

Ned: “What quest? What are you talking about?”

Robert: “To Bang that Maria chick”

Nigel: “ROBERT!” He gives Robert a scathing look

Robert shrugs his shoulders and sips his beer.

Nigel: “What he means is, we’re going to help you and Maria fall in love with one another”

Ned: “That’s just, this is just, I mean really! This is ridiculous”

Robert: “Look he’s blushing.”

Ned: “What!??”

Nigel: “It’s true, your cheeks are quite rosy”

Ned: “For the last time, get the hell off of me!”

Robert: “No can do Pal. We’re here to stay”

Nigel: “I’m afraid he’s right. Until we fulfill this quest, you’re stuck with the both of us.”

I sat there perplexed. Could they be real? Is this actually happening, have I gone clinically insane?
Just then Maria popped her head up.

The two men disappeared off my shoulders, grinning as they faded away.

Maria: “Ned right?”

I couldn’t really respond properly. What came out was

Ned: “Eryarr”

Maria: “Are you alright?”

I nodded, transfixed by her amazing eyes.

Maria: “I’ve gotten my fair share of nasty callers too at my old job, so I know it can get frustrating.” She said laughingly

I managed to form words

Ned: “yes sorry, I just got a little caught up in the moment, didn’t mean to frighten you”

Maria: “Oh no it’s ok, you didn’t frighten me.” She smiled. 

Ned: “Well again, I apologize for the outburst, I’m really not like that usually.”

Maria: “I thought it was kind of funny actually. Some times they can be real bastards right? Sort of deserve of it don’t they?”

Ned: “yea, uh, you’re right!” I may have exclaimed a little too enthusiastically.

She however crinkled her nose, and smiled again.

Maria: “Oh I know.”

An awkward pause.

Maria: “Well I better get back to work...cubicle buddy”

Ned: “oh yea, me too. Um cubicle buddy!”

She giggled, and sat back down.

Nigel’s voice popped back in.

Nigel: “You know I thought that went rather nicely.”



To be continued...




