"He's adorable!" the large, green abomination said, its hands ruffling the jet black hair of the household pet. The pet growled, showing well polished, white teeth. The alien chuckled, imitating the growl to the best of its ability. "You're so freaking cute when you do that!" it said, its eyes filled with affection and love. The pet's eyes held only resentment, but anger was a feeling aliens took as normal for their pets. In fact, it was told in their handbooks that humans' anger was actually a show of love towards their masters, so the alien was naturally delighted at the reaction. 

"Come here! We need to get a picture!" the green monster callrd for its family, the adorable human cuddled up in its arms. It was so tiny, so cute...the alien couldn't help but coo at it. Other aliens poured down from the floor above, the entire family grouped together to witness the spectacle. "It's got a tiny...electronic in its hand?" one queried, looking at the new toy bought for their tiny pet. "Special edition 'smartphone', as they call it. Little guy seems to love it," the voice of the family's patriach was softened and sweetened from its usual stern tones. The human eagerly pounced on the device, interacted with it for a few seconds, and let out a howl of disappointment and despair. 

"Did you...just hear that! OMG that was amazing!!" squealed the youngest of them all, a female almost at the age of 10. Photographic devices were already snapping away at light speed whilst the human looked, confused at first and scared afterwards, evidenced by its attempt to hide its facial features. It was to no avail, its image published and circulated everywhere. The aliens shrugged, smiling. What use was there to take over their planet when they could just own them? Land could come after adoration and cuteness. Definitely after.

On the richly carpeted floor, the human sighed once again, the blinding lights scarring his vision. "Maybe I shouldn't have treated my dog like this," he said to himself, his thoughts nostalgic as he reminisced his own, happy childhood.

"Maybe."