"After you."

"No, after you."

Both voices were barely audible over the pouring rain. A car door slammed and the sound of rain dimmed. The video feed showed nothing but the empty road, stretching out into the infinite darkness. It was a bad night to drive.

"Something on your mind?" Asked a male voice.

"No." Replied my own voice. And then immediately: "Okay, yes. Why didn't you tell me that you're basically running a terrorist organisation from the basement? From OUR basement?"

"I did tell you. Why do you think we keep inviting all these frustrated young men and giving inciting speeches to them? You thought those were teaparties? Should I have emailed you? Put it on your action list?"

At this point during the recording, I did notice that the stranger's voice sounded very familiar. In fact, it basically sounded exactly like my own voice but lower in pitch. Like I was trying to sound masculine to impress cooler friends.

"I figured we were building a better world, doing good things. Community service. I trusted you!" I said, now almost petulant.

"You think this is about you and me? We only started this thing. We don't own it, it's bigger than us. We are not special, there is no reason for you to feel entitled."

The video clearly showed the car veering onto the oncoming lane. Even in the pouring rain, there is no mistaking the approaching headlights of another car. A panicked yelp sounds through the car, followed by a sudden rustling. At the last moment, the view swerves and a collision is avoided.

"Jesus, Tyler. You almost got us killed. "

But the other voice - the voice that sounded like me, imitating a stranger - was just laughing.

"Do you think this is funny? I don't wanna die dude. I have stuff to do."

"Do you? Are you sure?" As the other voice - Tyler - spoke, the car slowly swerved back onto the other lane. "Suppose this is your last night on earth, what would you wish you'd have done before you died? Build a house? Paint a self-portrait?"

I fell quiet. Perhaps the scariest thing was that my friend Tyler was actually sitting next to me, watching the video. But this was not his voice. He sounded way deeper. Actually masculine, not just faking it. I looked at him, sitting next to me. He just stared back, insisting that I continue watching.

"Life isn't a goddamn seminar, man." Said Tyler - fake Tyler, the one in the video. "Life's not something you can control. Sometimes you have to. Just. Let. Go."

For the following minute, the car seemed to freely drift, as if nobody was steering. Far up ahead, a set of tail lights approached. There was no rustle, this time. No attempt to avoid collision at the last moment. Finally came the crash. The video showed breaking glass and twisting metal, while the sound cut out entirely. Both cars were pushed off the road down a rolling incline. My car seemed to flip halfway through, but it was hard to tell.

When the dust settled, the camera was turned around towards the seats. I was expecting to see another person in the car. But the camera showed only myself. Like I'd been driving alone the entire time.

"Think about it." Said Tyler, looking up from the video. "Why would you possibly think that I was in the car with you, even acting the scene out to yourself like some kind of lunatic? Deep down, you know."

I looked at him for a long time. Despite all the evidence, when I spoke the words, I still didn't quite believe it.

"Because we're the same person."