**The Last Triage - Respite, at last.**

Some days are best spent alone, with the lush dense forest as your new home, you have found respite.

The triage camp was littered with survivors, pluming with the stench of open cadaver, and a hint of *manure* – You have reached the entrance. Two stern guardsmen prevent you from entering. They want to briskly search you, and demand that hunting rifle slung behind your back, had to be examined. You cooperate, and hand over the weapon. They released the ammunition from the gun, and handed them back separately. You avoided eye contact with the guards, as you reach for your belongings. Your gun slung over your shoulder, and your ammunition shoved into your side pockets.

“The medics are that way - to your left,” said one of the guards.

You follow the marked path, and the signs indicating the location of the medics. The weight of the rucksack was becoming unbearable, and the unrelenting sun seared the unclothed patches of skin. You could feel your cheeks and neck flaking off, and the itchiness under your skin will not go away. The medics aren’t far. Upon reaching the end of the path, you find yourself in a shaded waiting area. You rummage your rucksack for bottles of water. They’re all empty. You’re voice is too dry to even cuss – it even hurts to talk.

“Welcome to the National Wellbeing & Care Field Hospital,” said a female paramedic.

“Water?” you croak, whilst looking at both the female paramedic, and her partner, who quickly rummages his backpack, and hands you a bottle of water. You sip the water, but your thirst is not yet quenched.

“Come with us, we’re going underground where the air is cooler,”

You oblige, and as you quickly stand up there is a sharp pain running from your feet to your lower back, causing you to stumble and fall to the ground. The assistant pulled out a makeshift stretcher from his bag, and laid it on the floor. Your body was thrown onto the stretcher, vision in your left field started to blur. You were unable to move your left arm or leg.

“Shit, I think he’s displaying signs of a stroke,” said the female paramedic.

You wanted to tell them that you’re infected, and that there is no point saving you, however, your words are garbled. You decide not to resist. The medics move frantically to haul you into the underground hospital bedrooms.

The air suddenly felt colder, and your bed felt softer. You were surrounded by nurses, and a surgeon. You were given anticoagulants to mitigate the stroke. You notice devices, that beep and boop. Your machine friends are there to monitor your health, and so you feel relaxed.

“Bite-marks, on his left leg, he’s infected,” said one of the nurses.

You try to smile, but the left side of your face is paralyzed, so you settle for a crooked smile.

“Give me the vaccine,” said the surgeon

“Didn’t you hear me, sir, he’s infected,” replied the nurse

“I’m not going to lose another patient, so please – vaccine now!” scowled the surgeon.

The nurse backed down, and went on to inject the vaccine. Immediately, your body began to stiffen up. Your body wasn’t responding well to the vaccine. The nurse followed up with some muscle relaxants, and decided to put to put you sleep quickly with general anesthetic. You drift asleep.

You find yourself at your family home. You don’t know why, but you feel compelled to say goodbye to your wife. You embrace her in your arms.

“Goodnight, sweetie” said your wife

The walls of your house had faded. It was precisely at that moment a screeching reminder of your wife’s scream startled you, and resonated through the cavity in your head with increasing intensity. She is dragged through the streets by a crazed scoundrel. You chased them down, but your legs felt sluggish. That’s when you fall to your knees, and the world around you ceased to exist.

\------

This is my first time posting here, so I hope you enjoyed the story.

Thank-you for reading. \^\_\^