Arthur Dent just stood there dumbfounded at his luck. After a life crammed full of astounding boredom he had been whisked away to an inexplicable last few years of improbable amounts of unwelcome adventure. Now Arthur was on his home planet trying ever so hard to drink his way back to a simple and splendid state of stupor. He eyed suspiciously the 2 gallon flower pot in his left hand, still dripping the last of the gin and tonic he had mixed in it minutes earlier. He was then surprised by the clump of purple and pink flowers still clutched in his right, and he considered that this was the possible reason he heard booming voices above. But the realist in Arthur, slowly rising again from where it had been relegated to silence on the messy floor of his consciousness, considered the possibility that the whole reason he had chosen the flower pot to use to mix his drink is that it was the only vessel in his house large enough to ensure he would forget his memories of booming voices, of galaxies far away, and other such sillyness. It hadn't worked. Perhaps he needed to mix another batch. But without any more gin, arthur moved to his dining room table to think deeply about his current situation. 

Arthur remembered hearing Trillian mumble something about his old friend Zaphod Beeblebrox. Well, not so much a friend as an arrogant bottle of high octane pomp who somehow managed to rule the whole of the improbable universe and entangle Arthur in his sticky web of spider entrails and overpriced appetizers. But arthur had no word to easily and accurately describe this kind of relationship, so he referred to Zaphod as his friend. Trillian had mentioned offhanded that Zaphod, in his ever stumbling wisdom, had enraged the fires of the most powerful suns in the galaxy and had faked his death to escape their wrath. Afterall, any man who at any moment consisted of least 5% alcohol, by weight of course, should be wary of vindictive star creatures. Arthur couldnt remember what Zaphod had done, or why he had done it, but Arthur remembered that he wasn't at all surprised that he had in fact done whatever it was. And that it seemed like a perfectly obvious and expectable thing for a narcisistic pseudo genius like Zaphod to have done. 

This train of thought lade Arthurs mind spin and he bent over to vomit in the empty pot still in his left hand. He leaned to his side, the wrong side, and instead vomited all over the now not so stunning pink and purple flowers in his other hand. 

Arthur then remembered something from Trillian's ramblings about this absolutely absurd story. Something that might, if focussed properly, shed some light on this current moment in time. Perhaps it would explain something about this voice he couldn'd drink away as easily as he had hoped. Trinity told Arthur that in his effort to avoid the sun beings Zaphod had changed his name to something boring and simple. In Zaphod's mind, or minds, it's hard to know, choosing a boring simple name would be the best possible way to throw off someone or something hunting for him. For Zaphod knew that everyone knows he believes he is the smartest, hippest, most important being in the universe, and that would make him believe he deserves a name to reflect such a belief. As such, Zaphod would obviously choose a name unequalled in style and dignity like Evalroop Windamook or Stan. So Zaphod chose a simple name. One so dumb and uncultured and plain that he could hide in the flocks of two headed alcoholic trillionaires floating around the universe. Zaphod chose the name Bob. 

And as it dawned on him, Arthur felt a strange sense of familiar dread wash over him. He stumbled up from his table, dropped his bucket, poured some water in his flowers and had a sip to try to sober up a little. He hadn't the energy for this again. Perhaps he should just lie down and wait for the universe to end. At least he would have a good meal waiting for him in that case. 

At that moment Arthur heard a knock at the door. 

"Mr Dent! Open the door! You can't avoid the highway department forever. Progress won't stop for anyone. You've had plenty of time to prepare. This highway must be completed..."
