“Expeliarmus, Expeliarmus Harry.” Hermione whispered to herself as she warmed her glass pipe filled with crack-cocaine.

Ron sat next to Hermione on Harry’s torn, raggedy couch. His eyes were grey and lifeless. Every once in a while he could be heard muttering to himself. It seemed that his magic wand wasn’t working quite right for him. It kept on backfiring spells.

Harry paced the dirty room in front of him. His eyes were wild, and there were rough, purple bruises on his right forearm. The room was cluttered, and filled with trash and old takeaway food. Bottles of brown liquor and cigarette butts littered the coffee table in front of Hermione and Ron.

“We gotta go get Dumbledore!” Harry yelled, suddenly turning towards his two friends.

Ron jumped up off of the couch. His eyes unfocused. “Only Dumbledore will know how to get rid of Dementors.” He said.

The two burst out of Harry’s apartment, leaving Hermione behind on the couch. She told them to go ahead, she needed to spend time in the library to study for their next exams. She took a long drag of her pipe.

“She’s always busy studying.” Harry said as Ron and him left the apartment building and found themselves on the street.

“I don’t get it. I could study just as hard as her, and never be good at magic at all.” Ron complained.

The two shambled down the street. They were dressed in rags, and their shoes were worn thin.

“No Ron, you’re great at magic. Just so great at magic.” Harry replied absentmindedly. It was hard for him to focus on Ron. A thousand different ideas were rushing through his mind.

The two stumbled into a nearby alleyway. They followed the smell of piss and alcohol until they found Dumbledore sleeping in a pile of rubbish. The homeless man was a booze fiend, and had taught Ron, Hermione, and Harry everything they knew about magic.

“Dumbledore. Dumbledore!” Harry yelled, kicking the filthy homeless man.

Dumbledore stuttered, and looked up at the two boys with bloodshot eyes. It took him a couple of moments to regain his grasp on reality.

“Oh, boys, boys. It’s so good to see you.” Dumbledore said, slowly sitting up. His hands absentmindedly rummaged through the trash surrounding him, looking for a drop of liquor hidden away somewhere in the rubbish.

“Dumbledore. We need a new spell! We’ve gotten tired of our old one.” Ron whined.

“Oh boys, boys, I’ve got just the thing.” Dumbledore replied, reaching a shaking hand into his coat pocket. He produced a small, dirty plastic bag, wrapped in saran wrap. A brown powder could be seen through the layers of plastic.

“But first.” Dumbledore replied, batting away Ron and Harry’s greedy hands. “You must understand the responsibility of magic. It is not some plaything to be used willy nilly. It must be treated with respect, and only used in your greatest time of need.”

“Of course, of course.” Harry replied, rushed. He threw forty quid at Dumbledore’s feet, and snatched the baggie of heroin from Dumbledore’s hands.

Ron and Harry left Dumbledore in the alleyway, and rushed back to Harry’s apartment. Hermione was passed out on the couch, busy with her studies. Harry and Ron snuck off to Harry’s bedroom, and were soon trying out their newest spell, Drugseptiem Overdosis.

In a matter of minutes, they were transported to the grand halls of Hogwarts, and were in a fever pitch battle with their greatest nemesis, Lord Voldemort.

Harry’s phone buzzed as the two were passed out. His mother, J.K. Rowling, was calling. She was writing a new book that was going to make her filthy rich, and she liked to call her son and use some of his crazy stories as inspiration for her writing.

-------------------------

Hope you liked it. I've got other stories over at r/ThadsMind