How much money would it cost for you to become evil? All I had to do was let the ancient, Phillips class screwdriver fall, and I would be the most famous woman in Hamlet 2. Can you help me out here? I’m really torn.

On the one hand the Archeologist did spend the last 3 hours trying to kill me, but can I do it? Can I let the screw driver fall?

Let me fill you in on a few details. I’m a nobody, or at least I was. Born and raised in the most destitute of slums on the planet Hamlet 2 where most of humanity now resides, I rose through the ranks until at last I was fit to be the lowest janitor in the Scavenger and Exploration Corps. The janitors are responsible for the removal of the most toxic waste imaginable.

It’s our own fault really. When the Earth’s ecosystems finally succumbed to human ignorance and greed a great cataclysm wiped out all life on the planet overnight. The colonists on Hamlets 1 and 2 became the only remaining humans on Earth. For the last one thousand tears (as we call our years) we’ve been trying to restore our home world and discover what on Earth happened.

That’s where I come in. I was rummaging through the rubble of an old mall when I found it. A pristine, embossed package containing...The Forest.  We thought these crucial pieces of Earth’s History were lost forever, but here I, Chandra, have found the missing link! 

Unlike today’s humans Earthlings were clever and creative. It is long known from the Annals that they taught their history using interactive virtual realities, but no one has found one yet...until today.

I couldn’t wait to try it out so I scrambled for my projector 4 and plugged it in. The virtual archive called The Forest appeared on the screen. I found myself in a long metal tube. I figured it must be an air ship of some kind, but then it went down! It crashed in the middle of a forest. I knew it! The cataclysm has something to do with the Earth’s forests...or the absence of them. I immediately set about exploring the world. It took a little while to figure out the controls, but I got the hang of it eventually.

I went through the colorful containers and found all sorts of supplies. Then night fell. That’s when they came, the monsters, the starving, naked humans. They beat me with crude clubs and tore at me with their teeth, all while emitting loud, horrifying shrieks.

I gasped and cried out in horror. That’s when I felt his hand on my shoulder.

“What is it Chandra?” The Archeologist had asked, “What did you find?”

When he saw what was in my hand he snatched my projector from my hands, “You are to tell everyone I found this, you understand?”

“No!” I screamed, “I found it!” I struck him on his face with a brick covered in toxic slime. His face mask cracked under the impact, the slime leaking through. He screamed, I grabbed the archive and projective and ran.

Now I’m here. Poised to strike. The rest of the crew unaware of my plight. Why would he tell them and risk losing the rights to his prize? No he just spent a few hours trying to kill me. If I let him go and we both make it to the ship he’ll have all of five months to try and kill me, and you can be sure he will. He is lying unconscious beneath me. I had landed a savage blow on the back of his head.

I have to kill him, don’t I?