The thing that nobody ever does with Wolfenstein is casing the joint. Oh, they'll train in VR and many even put in months of serious bona fide 3D-treadmill time to prepare for the levels. That's what they prepare for; what they train for until they know it by heart: The levels. Not me though. Truth be told, I couldn't have afforded hours and hours (not to mention weeks and months, as some do) in premium-priced holodeck centers. I didn't have commercial sponsorship, and I didn't even get much crowdfunding, so I didn't have a lot of money. The odds were very much against me, which was good for raking it in after betting on winning, but back then, few people backed me, so I couldn't pay for anything fancy. What I did do was catch an off-season budget flight to the island and scope out the castle, its entire surroundings. The parking lot, the behind-the-scenes infrastructure, the entire perimeter. How far to the woods? Would the foliage obstruct quadcopter cams? How far to the nearest slum? Hey, I could walk around. It may be a British dependency for legal reasons, but it's still a free county. Remember, the legal reasons for building Castle Wolfenstein on the island largely ran down to the fact that in this small jurisdiction, the law for trial by combat, copied from England during colonial times, was still on the books, even if the UK proper had long done away with that option. But apart from that and the death penalty thing, which some Euros and bleeding hearts actually protest against, hey, it's a free country. I even talked to the owners of all the neighboring farms, and for a small fee to each, I got permission to trespass onto their grounds if required. You see, I was counting on Hitler to escape. 

You really have to put yourself into the guy's mind, and you'll understand what a difference a year makes. If you get plucked out of the past and put straight into the Wolfenstein dungeon with minimal acclimatization and preparation, you'll be scared and you'll fight once you pick up some of the weapons and ammo they scatter all over the place, but what you don't have is time to think and scheme. That's why I was so particular with my resuscitation conditions. It was a carefully worded contract: Awake me from cryosleep once and only once my conditions are met. What was my main prerequisite? I instructed the cryotravel agency to end my helium hybernation not just after a minimum of 5 years -- everybody does that, to rack up waiting laps; with entry to America's greatest truman show this competitive, most regular contestants who aren't celebrities would never reach the final on the island otherwise. No, I demanded to be awakened if after 5 years there'd been a no-contest final year with Hitler surviving, then another final next year with Hitler being killed, and then another no-contest with Hitler surviving. I was warmed up after that second survival final, so I could face Hitler in his second year, and more importantly, I reckoned that the previous one-year survivor would have had enough time to figure out what was going on and would have left his next incarnation some notes stashed somewhere. That's not as far-fetched an assumption as you'd think: Normally, the face-to-face confrontation happens late into the boss level fight, and it's only there that contestants actually talk to Hitler, mostly courtesy of Google Fish (but I actually learnt German for reals). The thing they typically do is corner Adolf and then they gloat and explain exactly how he's there because we've got read-only access to the past, and that we reproduced him for trial by combat, and then your usual contestant typically goes into some YouTube-pandering all-American story and the usual spiel about how proud they are that they in particular get to really shoot him up real good and make his ass bleed. Some go on and on to aggravate Hitler, talking about interracial porn and gay marriages, and Israel's military victories and all that. The YouTube crowd laps that shit up, but I understood that those speeches are like a Bond villain explaining his masterplan. I mean, Hitler isn't stupid. You gotta understand that. Sure, the Adolf is a crazy mass-murdering asshole, but that's not the same as being stupid. Those no-contest finals where Hitler actually survives mean that Adolf has got a whole year to plot his next move. Of course, the next year, they make the fight properly unfair to ensure Hitler bites the dust then, because giving that scumbag another lease of life is never part of the plan. But during that year, I bet you dollars to donuts Hitler will leave his next version some notes after figuring out all he can. Hitler too will have been casing the joint. Now if those notes get picked up by another Adolf, and that Hitler too gets to survive his first final, then there's an enemy in the castle who knows what he needs to know to give his captors the slip during the spectacular hustle and bustle of the final. Probably during an ad break.

So really, the subsequent final, the one I made sure I'd cryotravel to, that is a fight between two people who really, really know the Castle -- and a bunch of regular competitors who have rote memorized the levels only. Suckers. Hitler *would* try to get offstage, off the grid, and I knew it. 

It's not even technically against the rules for me to do the same, so that's what I'd do too, and that's where I would get him.