Interstellar flight was supposed to a defining moment for human civilization. The point in time where humanity joined the other space faring civilizations helping to spread their population across the stars.

Instead what humanity found was mostly empty space. There was no busy galactic society just beyond our reach, just waiting for us to join it and begin contributing. 

There was certainly life out there, even advanced life with a societies similar to that of Earth's. Yet none of them seemed interested in space travel or even in truly establishing contact with humanity. Once it was discovered there were no ill intentions each alien world simply ignored any human contact.

For decades this had continued, scientists everywhere were baffled by each rejection with some even suggesting military action might get the response we were looking for with proof that humanity was capable of standing along side them. Yet it never explained why there was no evidence of space travel from any society. 

Then the answer came in the form of The Void. 

When the first ships vanished no one realized what nightmarish terrors would soon be unleashed upon the entirety of humanity. The families of those who vanished on the ships soon began to lose their grasps on reality, hallucinating creatures coming for them and tearing apart their minds as their lives were dissected and torn apart to learn everything about them until there was nothing left to learn and nothing remained of person that once was. 

Soon enough those who were treating those suffering from this new mental illness began to showcase the same symptoms. Each passing day saw those suffering get worse and worse, becoming more detached from reality, as if they were unable to see or comprehend anything around themselves beyond the hallucinations.

Yet they could recognize each other.

Not as people, or at least the person they once were. They almost seemed to recognize each other like animals, or perhaps insects, part of a greater whole by serving a smaller purpose. It wouldn't be long before any human reactions completely faded from them.

And the issues continued to spread as anyone who came into contact with the mentally ill fell victim shortly after to a similar fate. Each new victim seemed to progress faster, become more violent as their hallucinations took on more twisted and demented forms.

All the while each society humanity had tried to contact watched, knowing all too well the dangers of The Void and horrors assimilation brought. Their best and only defense was to bury their heads in the sand, remain off the radar, never letting The Void know how many more minds were waiting for it to invade, to fill with a new purpose.

Humanity learned all too late about The Void. Each settlement on every world turned and fell in line, serving the purpose of spreading The Void. Not even Earth was safe as the planet seemingly all at once fell victim to the mental plague.

The stars were once again devoid of activity. No ships darted from planet to planet, no satellites relayed photos back to distant worlds, life slipped back into hiding hoping the universe would forget where it existed. Yet The Void remained.