\*written to practice pure dialogue - fun prompt, thanks!\*

 “Hello, Dan! What brings you here today?”

“Well, Sally, it's a little embarrassing. Or more like a lot. I'm told you can help, and the insurance company said it's important to get it checked out, since -”

“Oh, insurance! That's a common enough one, third time this month if I had to guess. They seem to want a full working over before the slightest policy change.”

“I'm not changing my policy. More like, circumstances have changed and -”

“Fair enough! Some of us don't find out about our super powers for quite some time and it's only natural we might need a little help to navigate them. Prove it's nothing seriously risky.”

“Yes, I guess that's it. I did only start experiencing all my abilities a few months ago. Shortly after I turned 35.”

“Sure thing. Would you show me, if you don't mind? Wait - should I leave the room first? Do you need any help? Sorry, it's only my second month in this role and I can’t quite get all the questions in the right order yet. Well. Powers can be so unique!”

“You’re telling me. Well, it's safer if you stay back at least 4 feet. About that far, yeah. Now see, I can kind of do it command though I don't know why I'd want to, but if I get a cold or just startled too badly, any kind of sudden muscle spasm really -”

“WHOAH! OH MYYyyyyy, well. That wasn't very professional of me, was it? But I can see why you, uh, insisted on a room with no furniture, that’s quite a puddle of, a...a…”

“Acid. Stomach acid, strictly. As I said, I turned 35 recently and my superpower turns out to be -”

“Heartburn! Haha, you're quite the joker. But this isn't - I mean, it's heartburn you could burn other people with! I can see why your insurance is concerned, you'd have to have quite the cast-iron throat to stand up to much of that! We can definitely work up the medical implications.”

“About the insurance. The landlord sent me here, not a doctor. My throat’s fine, but the place is one hell of a mess. Turns out fluffy beige carpet doesn't hold up too well under pressure.”

“But your throat? It's fine? Your only problem is CARPET? And here I thought you were a serious case! Your throat’s the real superhero!”