As is customary I received a DS-666 with an attached #11 blood vial, 20CC's and the appropriate requisite charms for Mexico, Catholic reinforcement required. I sighed, I would have to do a MX-CA-18 the revised form. Clearly whoever was filing for a motion of demonic summoning had not done the proper paperwork. WAs it too hard to read the circular, the latest one for the region could be obtained by sending a request of instructions form (I-99) to the Acquisitions department. No matter, I would just look at the actual action request on the original form.

Oh, this would not do at all. Physical manifestation without a goat sacrifice and a PM-207-MX! That was a breach of protocol right there, by the devil himself the wrong form, missing sacrifice, no documentation for action request. What kind of amateur was running the summon up there? But I knew, oh I knew, if they had made these mistakes they had fumbled the summoning binding contract. Probably did not even have a protection clause or an anti-command twist trust set up.

The smile that crept my second mouth was most unbecoming of a duke of hell. But to know that there was a new soul I could drag down under, oh that was most tantalizing. I would, of course, have to fill out a life termination request and a heaven barred form, the ST-P-0999 should do, if the old man at the gate would sign them faster. But that could wait, right now I had an appointment to make, one must not be tardy.

There was to my sadness no fire and brimstone entrance documentation, and I was not going to sit down and fill out a pit demon request form. The devil knows I am not talking to Gary from accounting this century, not after the Paris incident with Dr Franklin. But Still I had already done a FL-55 converting it to a MX-55 was simple enough, the flashing lights that accompanied me where a bit dimmed. Damn autoconversion software, probably got the change from imperial to metric wrong. It would be the last time I would use Quickbooks, time to upgrade, have Jobs make something actually useful.

The room I was in was rather plain, well by the standards of hell that is. But it was well furnished, pink everywhere though, and frilly finishes on everything. The summoning circle was half decent, a standard SC-12 for large beasts but the binding spells were all wrong, written in Sumerian, classic mistake, one has to use Latin if one is Catholic. A beginners error, and easy to see why my summoner was a scrawny little thing. And before i could use my demanding voice she ran at me! 

Shocked! I was utterly shocked! She held onto my left hindmost leg and tried to hide behind me. She was whimpering and looking at her bedroom door. "Please help me." The door exploded open asa large man entered the room. I could barely grab my bearings before he took off his belt. Pants fell to the floor, he could not see me of course. I was intangible to him as the proper forms had not been made.

This... monster picked up the girl and threw her onto the bed, I knew what was coming. I made myself tangible and picked up the trash, for this deserved no other name. I passed under the door with him in tow, screaming to no end. When I came back to her room I saw that the poor thing she, she needed respite from her life. 

And that judge is why I broke 90% of the man's bones without the documentation or orders to do so, and why I have 18 counts of improper summon violations. And ultimately why I am requesting a human pet HP-900 form so that I may keep her. Please.