Anders, Lunas, and Waren spent several mornings like this, in one tavern or another, starting the day with bracing drinks and hot food. They adventured together, friends and comrades, loyal to one another until the end. Theirs was an unspoken accord, damn near a sacred creed. Lunas had spent so much time on her own, mourning those she'd lost, trying not to acknowledge the fact that she feared losing even more.

The way she'd lost Blair.

He'd been one of them. He'd fought fiercely, with a boisterous heart, a warmth that drew people to him, and a gentleness that kept them close. Lunas most of all. But he was tempermental, in spite of his intentions and better nature. She'd been warned of that. And she'd ignored the warnings. When it all came crashing down, and the jilted and fallen came for Blair's blood, Lunas had felt regret and embarassment, withdrawing from the debacle for her own survival. It broke her heart, and left her mourning yet again, with nobody to share the burden of her grief.

She found herself thinking of him as they sat over their brunch with their drinks, trying to ignore the empty place at the table and in her heart with her dry wit and appreciation for the others there.

And then Blair walked in.

He didn't seem to notice them; if he did, he wasn't going to engage them. He made his way to the far end of the bar, alone, and he sat. Even now, after everything, there was a gentleness to him; he avoided those between him and the bar, clearly making apologies to others, smiling kindly at the barkeep. Others had accused him of such things being a false front; Lunas had never seen him as being false. But, she had to admit, her own bias might have gotten in the way, projecting onto Blair what she wanted to see, both in a dear friend, and in herself.

Anders and Waren followed her sightline. Waren, for his part, drained his tankard and got to his feet.

"No," said Lunas, grabbing Waren by the wrist. "Leave it be. We already got our justice. We already won. Why do anything more?"

"Aw, just let me gloat a little." Waren sneered. "I want to see how pathetic he's become. We stripped him, whipped him, and drove him out of town, remember? I want to see if he still has trouble walking. Besides, I need another."

He twisted out of her grip and ambled towards the bar. Lunas sat back. Discomfort roiled in her stomach. This was such a bad idea. She turned to Anders, who shrugged. He wasn't about to get up. He'd already done his part, said his piece, inflicted his damage a long time ago. He was content to let it lie. That sort of discretion is why Lunas had always had Anders' side, and why she'd chosen that one over Blair.

Blair didn't turn to face the approaching Waren. The shaggy-haired veteran leaned over the bar to leer at the outcast.

The noise of the tavern swallowed what they were saying. Anders watched with concern. Lunas couldn't tear her eyes away.

Suddenly, Waren bellowed. "Gods curse you, answer me, you coward!"

The tavern fell silent. All eyes turned to the bar.

"I've asked you once," came Blair's voice. It was crisp, and eloquent, as the bard had always been. But there was a coldness, too, a hardness that Lunas wasn't used to hearing. Steel was in that voice, in the man's spine. "I won't ask again. Leave me be."

"Get out," Waren growled. "You don't belong here. Anywhere near here. You are an outcast. So cast yourself out."

"I can live and go where I please," Blair replied. "This land is free, last I checked. And you are neither constable nor adjudicator. You are not the law." His voice became more gentle. "I want no further quarrel with you. Let the dead lay."

"How *dare* you sit there, like you're a person of worth, like you have a place here. You're not welcome here! You're not welcome anywhere! Begone!"

"No." Blair finally turned to face Waren. His eyes, the blue of a sea about to be consumed by a storm, stared at the former comrade. "Just because you say I am unwelcome does not mean I am worthless. Just because I refuse to engage in your petty short-sighted emotional goading does not make me a coward. And just because you want to make yourself look better by making me look worse does not make you the better man." His jaw tightened, as if he was holding back the fury that had once marked him as a traitor and monster, and he said the next very carefully, enunciating each word deliberately. "Leave. Me. In. Peace."

Waren roared, and swung with his mug. It was stoneware, heavy, and could crack a man's skull. But Blair was fast. He kicked back from the bar, his stool toppling under him, and he stayed on his feet, long limbs staying balanced. The bard grabbed the stool by the leg as it fell, and he swung it at the veteran, sweeping it to make a clear space. Waren was undeterred, and came at him again. Blair, now with the stool in both hands, shoved the seat towards the veteran. It was not as damaging a weapon as the mug, but it had reach. It caught Waren in the midsection, and the shaggy veteran exhaled a *whoof* of air. Blair backpedaled, then crouched, reaching out again with his improvised weapon, and got the rim of the seat past Waren's ankle, at which point he pulled the stool back towards him. Tripped, Waren fell on his ass, the mug clattering away. Blair stood.

"If I were what you say I am," Blair bellowed, unable to keep the heat from his voice any longer, "I would kill you here and now, as you lay on your back with no means to defend yourself. But I am not what you said I am. What you see is not what you want to see, but the man I am now. I chose a new path. I chose to get better, do better, *be* better. And I am. And I do not give a single solitary rut if you believe that or not. Cling to whatever 'truth' you like; the *facts* are what matter." He removed a coin, and tossed it onto Waren's prone body. The veteran stared, confused, furious. "Have one on me."

Gathering his cloak from where it had fallen, Blair tossed another coin at the barkeep - "Apologies for the mess" - and turned for the door.

Before she knew what she was doing, Lunas was on her feet, heedless of Anders reaching for her to stop her. A few quick strides brought her to face Blair, inches from the door. For a long moment, they stared at one another.

Fear shot through Lunas to her heart. She looked into his eyes. His frustration and anger were giving way to the gentleness she'd seen in him long before, a gentleness that had drawn them together, holding each other close at night, sharing each other's burdens of grief, celebrating one another's joys. She saw the torch burning in his soul. And, in spite of herself, embers of something within her own were stoked, turned over, sparked.

Her voice trembled. "It's good to see you, Blair."

He blinked. His throat clenched and unclenched in a nervous swallow. "It's good to see you too, Lunas."

"Let me... let me buy you a drink."

He smiled. "I'd like that." He looked to the bar, to the shape of Waren getting back to his feet. "But now may not be the best time. Maybe if we meet again."

She followed his gaze. "Let me talk to-"

When she turned back, he was gone.

Tears suddenly came to her eyes. Her hands clenched into fists.

She hated him all over again, yet longed to tell him how her choice had hurt her, too, and while she was uncertain if what she felt was true, if she could actually be on his side again, she was there, and she was listening, and she had *missed him*.

His voice lingered in her ears, as gentle as his damaged soul.

*Maybe if we meet again.*

She bit her lip, and nodded.

"We will."