"I SAID, TEST HER AGAIN!" the red-faced Det. Roco rocks the room with his explosive demand, "NO ONE is that clean.  NO ONE."

I am trying my damnedest to contain myself.  Going from certain doom to jubilation in the split second of a syringe doing its work... it's more powerful than any drug that I have ever taken... and I have tried them all.

Roco and his flaring nostrils are interrupted when the door swings open and a messenger delivers a few quiet whispers that froze Roco's bulging red face. It makes me wonder if HIS blood also suddenly turned clear white.

"Please excuse us," the messenger tells me as she gets everyone out of the room, "your lawyer will be with you in a minute."

My what?  I don't have the cash for that.  If he tries to screw me like the last guy, I am NOT going to hold back this time.

The door opens again and a... woman?  NO. I'm not surprised by the gender, but... her face... her skin color... she looks closer to that skeleton from biology class than a person.  She walks... almost floats... to her seat opposite mine and smiles at me.  No words.  She just watches me with a stiff corporate smile.

"What're you staring at?  I don't usually do women, but for the right price, I can accomodate."  I'm lying of course.  I love female clients.  Negotiation skill!  Woop woop!

She chuckles, then cracked voice flows out of her mouth, "So lively!  I love it..." she pauses and checks me out again before continuing, "Tell me.  What do you want out of life?  What is the one thing you will give everything to acquire?"

"That's easy!" my whole-life's worth of day dreaming has prepared me for the ultimate answer, "I want a triple platinum card with unlimited credit that I never need to pay back."

"Fantastic.  I have just the thing," she places a card on the table.  Dargcion Corp?  The one that owns everything on this side of the country?  "No one will say no to this card.  I will take care of all charges."

"Uh... Wait... I thought this was a joke."  I pick up the card to examine it.  ALWAYS check the merchandise.  I have seen 3x Plat card only once back when I was younger.  It's got that same expensive nana-tech or whatever on it.  I put my thumb on it and... it sync!  The card is mine now.  Mine alone.  This is too real.  Too easy.  "What's the catch?"

"Dargcion Blood Certification isn't just for criminal investigation.  It can also identify humans destined for greatness.  Humans like you are uniquely qualified to be my personal assistant.  That card is your payment, you may use it however you like.  Do we have a deal?" she extends her hand toward me... pale and skinny with glossy red nail extensions.

"Personal assistant huh?"  Well... I am in a police investigation room full of sensors and cameras.  Is she really going to scam me here?  Never thought I'd be a wage slave but... maybe I can just have my fun and quit later.  Worst case scenario, I will cash in on my runner friend's tab to extract me.  Oh hell... my blood is clear white!  I can just snap her skinny neck when nobody is looking.  "It's a deal!"  

I grab her hand... and damn... cold as ice.  Wait... her hand is getting... colder... and colder...  "Ok...?"  I try to pull my hand back but... she's not letting go!  Her nail extensions digs into my skin and her hand starts to grow... SCALES?

"OUCH!!!  I change my mind!  No deal!  Let go!" I form my other hand into a fist and send it straight to her... scaly face.  It is caught by her other hand... no...  by her CLAW.  "What the hell, woman... uh... whatever you are!  I thought i'm your personal assistant.  Is this how you treat employees?"

"Relax," her voice is different now... less cracked... more hiss, "you should feel honoured that your pure essence is liberated from that dirty vessel and joined eternally with Alessandria.  All transactions are final I'm afraid.  I've made sure of that."

What the hell!?  THAT 10,000 year old bitch CEO of Dargcion?  Damn it!  I never got to use my fracking triple platinum!  I KNOW the number one rule of the Sixth World, but she cheated!  She never told me she was a dragon!