Under the blistering sun, a woman covered in rags tiredly walks. Her eyes squint to protect themselves from the intense dust, thrown into her face by the wind that whips her long, unkempt hair about herself. The bandages wrapped around her feet are bloody and torn, and as time draws, her lopsided gait slows down, until she can merely stand and stare into the bleak storm. 

Suddenly, she’s aware of a presence. She doesn’t look, but burning white eyes stare a hole into her. She’s frozen in place, and as the figure approaches, she shakes, her breathing rapid and broken. Now with the blinding shadow in the corner of her eye, the woman is aware of thoughts that aren’t hers.

*Find them. Help them. That is your duty.*

The black smoke clears from her mind, and she is alone. With her heart thumping in her ears, her feet move once again with renewed vigor. She knows her direction.

Eventually, the sun begins to dip below the horizon. The orange light cuts into the dust, emphasizing the thickness of it. If the orange fades, she’ll be engulfed in complete darkness. Ahead, a huge shadow starts to fade into the fog. The rectangular shape starts to solidify, but first the woman comes across a tall wire fence. She walks along it, until she comes across a large gate. The woman notices the rail that the gate moves along, and she pushes the heavy steel in that direction. Heaving with all her might, muscles and bone straining, it manages to slide an inch towards its goal before two beams are lighting her up. The scavengers return. 
___

The woman in rags sits in the darkness. She keeps her eyes open but unfocused, as the sounds of a heated debate fills her ears. The survivors are wondering where the woman came from, and if there are others. As the noise settles, a tall man steps through the doorway. He is wearing a thick brown jacket, the same color as his work boots. His beard covers his face, and his messy hair is hidden under a suede cap. His emerald eyes seem to pierce into her. 

The tall man gets on his knees so that his face is next to hers, and he speaks to her. He is Jack, and he’s asking if she can work. The woman’s eyes focus on his, and she becomes aware of the black presence boring into the back of her head. The woman’s body shakes, and she swiftly nods to Jack. He stands back up, and so does she, leaving the black smoke behind as she follows Jack out of the room. 

Six more people stare at her now, lit by the yellow and orange glow candles on the tables and the floor. A man with grey hair and round glasses talks to her about medicine. She stays silent while a woman with short, scruffy hair puts a heavy bundle of clothes in her arms, and asks the woman in rags for her name. She closes her eyes, and her raspy voice breathes out,

“Katrina.”

___
The sun is up again, and a heavy yellow coat covers Katrina’s torso, with tough jeans over her legs. Her thick boots are laced in a way that the survivors haven’t seen before. Katrina’s hair is tied back with a hair band, put there by the woman with short, scruffy hair. While most of the survivors are preparing a large car for leaving the fence, Jack and a man with jet black hair, who introduces himself as Kieran, are showing her how to defend herself. She stands behind a line of tape on the ground, and Kieran is holding a stick of black plastic out to her. The instant Katrina’s hand touches it, the sudden black smoke descends upon her, but her vision clears as she blinks away tears. She swallows the lump in her throat, and steadies her shaking. The burning white eyes are in front of her as she aims, but she focuses on the concrete wall, where several targets are painted. 

On her second shot, Katrina’s muscles strain to steady the weapon. On her forth, the bullet embeds itself within the boundaries of the target. After a few more, Jack shows her how to reload her gun. Ten minutes pass, and the large car is ready to move. Katrina puts her gun to the side while she helps three people push the heavy gate open. The woman with short, scruffy hair drives the car through, and leaves the engine on as she helps close the gate. Finally, with her gun held tightly, Katrina steps into the car, and Kieran sits next to her. Jack sits in the front, beside the woman who clutches the wheel, and the car moves away from the compound.

The men call the woman driving Alice, during short conversations that involve the places they’ve been, and the places they should go. Kieran carefully asks Katrina where she’s from, but she ignores him. When the car has traveled a certain distance, Alice slows it down while Katrina notices the survivors are looking for something. Buildings and other cars surround them, creating alleys and turn-offs, and little dark corners that remind Katrina of the black smoke. Finally, the car stops, and Jack turns around to catch Katrina’s attention with those piercing emerald eyes. He tells her to stay close to the group, and to look for sealed cans and bottles of water. Finally, he takes her flashlight out of her backpack and uses the strap on her shoulder to fix it in place. 

They all pour out of the car, all of the survivors keeping their eyes on their surroundings. Katrina follows them to glass double doors of a large building. With the back end of his gun, Kieran breaks the glass and each of them carefully steps inside. The wind, suddenly gaining an entrance to this building, immediately lifts the small dust particles that were resting inside and makes them dance in the air. The survivors turn on each of their flashlights, and Katrina follows their lead after a second of fumbling with the button on her shoulder. The large room is filled with long walls of shelves, while little, mostly plastic items are strewn haphazardly among them and over the floor. The stench of rotting meat is nearby. 

Kieran and Jack go ahead down a path created by the shelves, while Alice waits for Katrina to catch up, so that the two can follow the others together. Katrina knows what kind of sealed cans she’s supposed to be looking out for when Alice gives her some to put in her backpack. Katrina is kneeling, fiddling with the zip, when suddenly the deathly quiet is cut by a shout from Jack. He points his gun ahead of him, and it discharges once, and then twice, and the sounds of the others scrambling are replaced by a loud ringing. Katrina swiftly steps up, away from her bag, and she holds her gun how she was shown, pointing it towards the corner that Jack is backing away from. Katrina feels the freezing, wet substance against her back as she finds herself pressed against the black figure. Those burning eyes are screaming into her, and the ringing in her ears has been replaced with a dull, heavy breathing. She’s almost suffocating in the black smoke. 

A large shape comes into view around the corner, a massive arm swiping at Jack as he discharges his weapon once again, but his head is flung towards the floor and his body crumples, and Alice and Kieran both fire at the creature. Almost blinded by the black smoke, to the sound of nothing but the heavy breathing and her heartbeat, Katrina strides forward, past the survivors and up to the creature. She presses her rifle up to the greasy flesh and pulls the trigger, bursting a hole into it. She feels the creature roar, and its large paw swipes at her face, too. Katrina feels the agony of a thousand knives, but she doesn’t fall to the ground. She feels her skin hanging away from her face, but she stares at the creature where she can see the soulless, black eyes, shining back against her torch. She points her gun up to where those eyes are, and fires twice more as its arm hits her in the side. This time, she doesn’t flinch as the thick flesh and the sharp claws tear into her. Her gun discharges twice again, as the creatures head continues to erupt in a shower of blood with every hit. Katrina is aware of the holes forming from Alice and Kieran’s guns, she watches the creature fall back, toppling into the shelf beside it. The shelf clatters to the ground under the weight of the thing, but holes continue to burst into the fallen creature as the survivors continue to fire. 

Katrina steps forward towards the body of Jack on the ground, and she falls to her knees beside him. His blood pools next to him, running down the cracks in the tiles that surround him. She stares into Jack’s unfocused, lifeless green eyes and she knows he is gone. Katrina is briefly brought back to where she was before. The place where there are no guns to fight the monsters. She wonders if Jack is there. As she watches over his body, she feels three figures behind her. One of them, the darkest, pierces through the back of her head, and once more, Katrina knows thoughts that are not her own.

*Without death, there is no life. Without life, there is nothing.*

*Help them. Protect them. That is your duty.*