The year was Sol Standard 2025. Humanity had turned its eyes and ears to the stars to see if there was more outside of its home planet. Historians believe that the only reason humanity did not reach out into the stars earlier than that point in their history is because of the bizarre wealth culture they had created. Now, with hindsight, we can look back on this time period and see just the folly of turning against one another, but back then we could not know that we were not alone. Humanity, it seems, possesses a powerful need to *need*. We *need* to understand. We *need* to explore. We *need* to be able to need. However, that is another discussion for another time. In that fated year our little planet was invaded by a powerful alien race called the Hrodan. Individually, a Hrodan is much stronger than a single human being. Standing five foot tall at the shoulder and covered in a thick, furred hide. Their snouts were short and close to their face and their quadrupedal frame was thick with corded muscle.

The humanity of that time had only ever skimmed the surface of their own planetary edge. They had no space\-borne weapons as they never considered to need any. However, they were not taken unaware. The Hrodan started their invasion by dropping assault forces on each major continent to establish beach heads. They met very little resistance in the old Asian continent and were swiftly able to consolidate their power in the Russian lands. However, in the other continents they did not fare so well. Humanities need to need naturally creates conflict with other humans because one human's need may be contrary to another human's need. Humans had gotten very good at fighting and some humans made it their need to test the limit of human martial power. The Hrodan had never before encountered a planet\-stranded race that could match their own armaments. 

Old humanity thought that alien races would invade with laser\-based weapons and weapons so powerful they could scour the planet of life. Nothing could be farther from the truth. The basic Hrodan assault rifle was a weapon very similar to our own rifles at the time, although of a larger caliber, given the Hrodan's larger strength. During the war, humanity had learned that the Hrodan preferred to close in and kill in bloody melee combat because they could not reliably aim their weapons while they were moving since they were shoulder mounted. With our ground troops armaments evenly matched our superior accuracy and military might allowed us the edge over the common Hrodan trooper. What pushed us over the edge, however, was our vehicles. Old Earth military vehicles were frighteningly powerful because of our need to understand bigger and bigger weapons. The Hrodan had never made a bomb that was stronger than even the first nuclear warheads that humanity had made just the century prior. The Hrodan thought that any race that could manufacture such destructive weaponry were insane and would destroy themselves. Who know, if the Hrodan had not invaded and shown us there was more out there in our universe, we just may have in our need to need.

In the year Sol Standard 2028, just three years after the start of the invasion we had destroyed almost a quarter of the orbiting Hrodan fleet with our weapons that we had called "weapons of mass destruction." Humanity can be startlingly omniscient at times. The Hrodan had called for an armistice. They were not able to effectively counter our adaptability or our firepower and their best weapons were nothing compared to our defense systems. It is recorded that the humanity of that time accepted the armistice and were eventually able to find true peace with the Hrodan. That jump started our greatest need. Our need to conquer.