As a brilliant light engulfed the room, the man watched as his beloved took her first breath in three days. She had decayed a little, but he still thought she was beautiful. ”Amanda!” He exclaimed with joy as she opened her eyes and he collapsed. She held him in her arms as he slowly faded out of consciousness. “I love you Michael.” She said before he was too far gone, as her husband turned to nothing but a lifeless shell in her arms. 
She gently placed his body in the twin bed in their basement, and crawled up the stairs into the living room. This charade was tiring. Calling off work every three days having to come up with another story of a disease or death in the family. Technically the later was true, but she couldn’t very well tell her boss that.
A storm ravaged outside as she began making breakfast for herself. Some toaster waffles and an apple. Simple, but affordable. She sat at the table with a groan at how soar she felt. She could see her body getting paler every time she swapped places with Micheal. More skin pealing, her nails completely gone, and teeth vanishing. She was sure her appearance was more and more noticeable. Soon she’d just be a bunch of bones with rotten flesh attempting to cling to it walking around the office. How much longer could they keep this up before getting caught? She started texting her new boyfriend, his name was Aaron. Of course Micheal would never appreciate that his wife was having an affair, but he wasn’t around was he? She opened her messages just to find a long text from Aaron. 

“Amanda,” it read, “I can’t believe you’d lie to me. I don’t know where you are, but I showed up to your house earlier today. Who the hell is Micheal? Why didn’t you tell me you were married? I don’t think we should see each other anymore. You’ve burned this bridge. I’m blocking your number. Don’t try contacting me again.”

She stared in silence at the message, rereading it over and over. Tears ran down her cheeks as she silently placed down her phone. Quietly, she got up from the table and walked into the kitchen. Grabbing a knife from her drawer, she plunged it into her stomach. If she couldn’t have Aaron, then Micheal couldn’t have her. He ruined what she had left in this life. As the light left her eyes, she couldn’t help let a smile slip through. Revenge was delicious. 