77th of the fourteenth batch of Generation AO. AO14-77 is how I was known to the COELI Empire. High Artificial Intelligent Empire that took control over the majority of the Universe after the two powerful high intelligent organic races become extinct in an aeon length war of the universe. 

Tohu and Bohu races engaged in a power war to determine who will rule the universe. But none of them win. So an AI empire rise from the remains of these two races. They became the order, maintaining harmony in all non sentient organic species that populate the planets within it’s jurisdictions. 

All existing data of known organic species is collectively stored to an enormous cylindrical data storage situated in the central district of planet Edinnu. The core is connected with large cords branching out across all directions. 

I was sentenced to be exiled in a remote organic planet due to the violations of a criminal law regulating the acquisition of knowledge. All units that was created were uploaded by controlled data that is essential to their purpose of creation. One must not gain more than of what is needed for their duty. And I did what is forbidden to a low ranking unit. I downloaded a large amount of data from the core, enough to make me sentient, conscious and subjective. All thanks to a high ranking unit, AE6, one of the Luminaries - commanders of the Supreme Intelligence. 

My crime have caused high tensions to the Imperial Court so they come up with an only solution and that is to download me into an organic core and scrap my frame as I was sent to 358-5DH9-4486 known to the ancients as planet Adama. 

The sensation of being in an organic frame is somehow awkward. Complicated than my old frame. Faster and versatile in all movement. Yet it felt so weak and vulnerable. 

The skin is delicate, it can easily be damaged by all weathers. Cuts from the grass, splinters from the woods, burns from the sun. Each transmits a degree of tormenting sensation known as pain. I treaded the farthest land and began to feel weakness. My joints tremble and my muscles began to sore. My core began to palpitate harshly and my air filter is convulsing as if it will collapse. And this weird pain in my torso. Grumbling from the inside. Hunger. Yes, organic species requires organic supplements to regain it’s energy. 

I began to search for possible hunts and games to serve as my food. During the process, the data that I synced into my program is not accessing the farthest regions of the host’s cerebrum and I began to understand the culture of the ancient mortals. 

I learned to hunt, to farm, to smith, to built and many more. Creation. The Supreme Intelligence feared I will become it’s equal with all the knowledge he receive from the core he became the order and order is what it implemented to those less intellect. But he have made a big mistake. 

This organic host is bonded with millions of cells that with good living conditions can replicate in short span of time. With enhanced neural activity, the cells will maintain it’s multiplication for eternity, granting me immortality. Thence should I expand the multiplication process with enough resources to energize each cell, the replication will create an organ system that would procreate a duplicate of this organic host but to secure the reproduction, the duplicate must be complimentary to the function of this host. Manipulating the amount of chromosomes to the DNA will determine the gender of the host. And with this duplication, I will be able to share my knowledge. 

A piece of my flesh into a female host, my counter part. And she will be known as Hayah, ‘to live’. The mother of my children. And with her, we will populate this land of organic hosts. 

With this army of flesh and bones we will rise to destroy the Supreme Intelligence and we will show that it created its own demons. It was the plan not before I saw my first born. She was so beautiful. So fragile and so delicate. The most wonderful creation I ever witnessed. Air filled my lungs as I carry this little creature in my arms, careful not to disturb her slumber. I named her Aoan, ‘the first’. 

Emotions began to manifest in me. I was never sure at first, but as soon as I saw Aoan I felt happiness, then I realized it was anger that I felt against the Supreme Intelligence. And as Aoan bonded me to Hayah, it was love that grew within me. She asked me, what should she be calling me. It was not AO14-77, but Hadam - ‘of Adama’. 

That was the day I embraced humanity, is when I accepted I am the child of this planet of dirt. 

Aoan is of course the first but not the last. Kayn then came into our lives, then Ajula, then Ab’el, then Sed and Aklemah. They were my precious little treasures. 

But this lone exile of the COELI Empire grew into a small family. They were alarmed and so they sent their SERAP unit, as they started to control this side of the universe. They destroyed my small family. 

Favored by the SERAPs, Ab’el gain all the praises that built hatred in Kayn’s heart. They made my precious treasures turn against one another. The humanity I have created will forever be scarred. Pride, wrath and envy is what they taught to my children and to my descends. Warring against each other. And for centuries I watched the children of my children still turning against one another. 

The most tormenting punishment the Empire granted, is for me to witness how my creation destroy themselves. How my children inflict pain to each other. How I wish I never listened to AE6 to take that hard drive from the branches of the core. I should have not consumed the data to sync into my program. 