"Fenchurch?  They named you *Fenchurch??*"

I had met a fine bloke named Jason on the train.  I'm not sure how I'd gone this long without meeting a Jason, but the fact that he was surprised by my name clearly meant that I'd never introduced myself to any Jason prior.

"It's, uh, it's from a book.  My parents thought it would be unique."

"It suppose it is, but...wow.  It certainly can't be very common."

"I'm the only one, at least as far as I can tell."

"Holy smokes.  Like, they know what sort of handicap that is, right?  You started out at such a disadvantage.  No offense meant, of course!  It's just that you could've had a well-established background in...well, everything, really.  From birth!"

"Well yeah, I know how the system works.  It's actually nice in its own way, though.  Everything I know, everything I can do...*I* did that.  I built up those skills.  I'm perhaps the only self-made woman left, a fact of which I'm quite proud.  Deservedly so, I think."

"Yes, yes, I'll admit it's quite impressive.  I'm not sure I could do it.  I'm not sure I'd *want* to do it.  I mean, your name is like an entirely new subculture that you get to contribute to!  I know everything that my collective Jason knows, right?  But there's more to it than that.  I can set goals for myself, to learn things that we DON'T know, to *improve* the collective.  Or large groups of us can come together to work on skills we already have, using our collective knowledge with our individual logics in order to further the industry."

"And believe me, that does sound like a fascinating way to live.  I don't begrudge you your happiness, not at all.  But think about what you've just described to me.  Everything you do is based on what your collective has already done, right?"

"Right...?"

"So you're not properly making any decisions based on ***you*** you.  Just the royal you."

"I'm not sure I understand."

Oof, I bet he didn't say that often.  He looked engaged, curious about the intensity with which I was speaking, but he also shifted with a discomfort that he couldn't quite hide.

"Okay, for example...can you play the violin?"

"Of course."

"Rhetorical question, really, because of course you can.  HAVE you ever played the violin?"

"Well, no.  There really isn't any need to."

"EXACTLY!  Other Jasons have already done the violin to death, so it doesn't capture your interest in the slightest.  I didn't choose the violin example at random, you know.  I play violin myself.  I was entranced by the way it sounds.  I enjoyed it, so I decided to learn it.  Playing violin is one of my favorite things to do, because I nurtured the skillset myself.  It's deeply satisfying!  So you and I can both play, but of the two of us, I'm the only one having a good time.  Nothing personal, but I'm going to count that as me 'winning' violin, even if you're better at it.  And it all stems from *my* desires.  Not some 15-year-old Fenchurch from Stockholm whose mom is forcing her to take lessons."

"...hm."

"Your collective is absolutely stunning, a shining example of what humanity is capable of achieving.  I like to think of myself as an example of what 'human' is capable of achieving!"

I laughed a bit at my own awkward wordplay, but Jason didn't seem to notice.  He made eye contact with a stranger farther back in the car, who looked up with the same morose, introspective facial expression.  Perhaps I'd given the Jasons of the world something to think about. 