After ten years abroad, I returned home to the United States. I had heard strange rumors flitting about now and again, but how much of it was true i could only speculate. It had been about 13 years since the land of my birth had seceded from the global economy, isolating and insulating, after the events of the Long Spring. 

I stood awkwardly in my airport terminal waiting for my flight, having unconsciously panicked and departed some five hours early for my flight. I thought about home and I shuddered in a giddy uncertain apprehension.

The flight lasted three hours. I did not speak, burying myself in a novel I had intended to read since my second year of university. I was now thirty five.

When my feet touched the hallowed soil of that nation, known in times long past as the birthplace of freedom, the haven for hypocrisy, the defender of those who shall inherit the Earth, the meek, the land of interventionists and bigots, I could not stop the slight curling of my lip, whether in disdain or in a certain patriotic remembrance of a golden age long revealed to be merely gilded, I suppose it is not my right to know. I hailed a taxi and requested that I be delivered to my ancestral home. As we drove I took stock. I saw drivers, mine included, careening through intersections next to which, in other nations, stop lights would have dictated their right to proceed. It was true then. The Darwin Acts. Papers had been published throughout the world on the strange, far right, anti-coddling phase it seemed the US was going through. My nation was mocked and derided throughout Europe for it. I personally had no grounds to argue in its favor. It had claimed the lives of childhood friends, those I relied on to get me through to my adulthood, at this point consisting of half-read novels, iron-burned shirts, and unemployment. I was, suffice to say, not a fan. 

Having arrived at the home of my fathers, a small and somewhat decrepit home falling into disrepair, I paid my driver. He looked strange, pale, his hands bony and scarred. I entered my home, bidding him good day. 

