It started on my 18th birthday. I was finally allowed to redistribute my points. There are two categories - Happiness, and Luck. Most people put all their points into Happiness. Quite a few evenly distribute between the two. I, however, put all of mine into Luck. After all, if I'm the luckiest man alive, wouldn't that will bring me happiness? 

At 32, I had a great career doing what I love, enough money in my bank account for my family to live comfortably for the rest of their lives without having to work a single day, two kids, and a beautiful wife who loved me with all her heart. She actually loved me with more than just her heart, considering she was pregnant with our third child.
I had the perfect life. I had everything I could possibly want. And I was absolutely miserable.

I tried everything to be happy. I went to therapists, then got onto prescription drugs, then recreational ones, nothing would work. I gave it all up, and eventually, I started trying to kill myself. I tried to hang myself, but the rope broke. I tried cutting my wrists, and the blade broke faster than my skin. I tried to overdose on my old medication, but it was expired, and it's potency reduced to the point where it was fucking useless.

Today, I decided to try something foolproof. I couldn't possibly live through this. I drove down to the train tracks just out of town. The 2 o'clock was just about due. I parked my car on the side of the road, got out, and waited until the train came hurtling down the rails. 

"Here we go", I thought to myself, as the train came into view. I walked slowly to the edge of the rails, and as the train flew past, I leapt into action and flung myself into its path. 

You'd think it would hurt, being hit by a train. I felt the impact, sure, but there was no pain. 

I opened my eyes to a bright light, to a woman's face smiling down on me. I must be in heaven. She opened her mouth to speak.  I was expecting some kind of welcome message. I was expecting her to tell me it was all over, but the words I heard shocked me to my core.

"You're lucky to be alive".