“For the nothing… it is worth…“

I stopped. My tongue, dry and cracked, froze between my teeth, and the rest of the words puttered in my mind and deflated in my mouth. The thin drop of saliva that had fallen from my lips finally disconnected and filled the small puddle that formed in my lap. My heart beat slow but strong, pulsing against my chest as it forced my stale blood through the rest of my withered body.

He knocked on my door. I knew he was watching. His arrival was no surprise, but I expected him to come a little later in the day. 

The door opened and I instantly smelled the smoke of his cigar. He knew I wasn’t going to greet him so he stepped inside and closed the door behind him. I saw him looking at me from the doorway to my very left. Slowly and carefully, as if he were afraid to wake me up, he walked in front of my television (I think it was an old western, but it was difficult to focus on anything but the color) and took a seat on the chair next to the couch where I sat.

“John,” he said quietly. After I responded with silence, he spoke again. “Dammit, John, can you even hear me?”

I gave him a long breath, a sign that I was aware he was talking. 

He sighed. “What are you doing, John?” He was rushing, but trying to stay patient and civil. His legs were crossed and his right foot was shaking anxiously.
I ignored this and tried again to focus on the movie. I could tell things were moving, unfocused blobs shifting in and out of other unfocused blobs. Someone was giving a long monologue, but I could hardly hear or comprehend the words.

The man swatted a fly that buzzed past his head. “God dammit, John, is this any way to live? You’re covered in flies, in food, in your own piss. Look at you, John, what is this life?” He took a long drag from his cigar and blew a plume of smoke that drifted in front of the television. “Are you that afraid of me?”

A tear dripped slowly down my face. It tickled my cheek. The itch was unbearable, but my arms had given out days ago. “I…can’t…leave them…”

He coughed, disguising a chuckle. “Your kids, you mean? Are you still on that?”

“They…will always…be worth it…”

This time he didn’t bother to hide his laugh. “Look, John, I get it. You won the bet, I told you your words. Your big, important words. Everyone has them, and they want them to be perfect, and yours just so happen to sound poetic and meaningful. You want to live up to them.” He stopped, then smiled at his accidental wit. “But they’re just words, John. They have purpose, but they don’t have to have meaning, you understand? Can you comprehend that? Or have you stretched yourself too far?”

I ignored him. I tried to move my eyes away from him so I couldn’t see his figure anymore, but it strained my vision and my eyes filled with even more tears.

“Its been ten years, John, since I had you scheduled. Twelve years. Did you think your body would hold for so long? You thought your soul could just carry on inside a broken shell of a body? Yeah, you’re a real inspiration, sitting there in a puddle of shit, rationalizing every piece of your existence just so you can hold onto what? Honor? Love? Is this what love really looks like?”

Through my parched mouth I could only whisper. “Yes.”

My vision was red now from the tears, but I could hear him shift in his chair and shake his head.

“You care about your kids? Do you want to see them? Do you know why I’m laughing at your right now, John? Do you even know where they are right now?”

“Leave…now…”

“One week John. Just one week. You come with me right now and I promise I’ll see them in a week.”

Even in my faded and delusional state, I could understand his meaning. “B…both…?”

He moved over to me on the couch and put his arm gently around me. “Yeah, John. They’ll be with me in a week. Both of them, and some others of course. It’ll be a big party, and you can hug them and kiss them. You can keep your oh-so important promise that you haven’t even made yet. Just a week, bud. Just say the words.”


I closed my eyes and let out a weak and tattered sob. I could feel the pain that had spread all throughout my body over the years, crawling and scraping against the cage that held my small, quivering self, naked and shaking and crying. The man’s arm felt warm and soothing, and already I could feel myself drifting towards infinity. My fear began to melt away and I felt comforted by his company.

“For the nothing it is worth…” I breathed, imagining them by my side, holding their hands, feeling their love, drifting in a blue haze as we cried, “I will always be with you.”

“There you go,” the man said, and together we left the room. 
