My family has been the light of my life ever since I met my wife, Julie.  She was there when the first package arrived, we were so gleefully excited to see that sometimes, you really do get what you wished for.  We were just 8, and made castles and stagecoaches with the wonderfully dark and seductive discs.  I do believe those were the happiest days of my life.

We grew up together in an old warehouse converted into lofts in the middle of downtown, in the middle of everything, everything good, everything bad.  I still remember when we first kissed, it was after ice skating in the public swimming pool that got converted to a rink during the winters, how Brad the local bully had tried to take Julie to the arcade afterward, to 'show her a good time', and how the two of us showed him to the garbage bin instead.  We went home and were relieved, he had been crushing our little models whenever we brought them to school and we had finally stood up to him, that feeling of being overcome with joy we celebrated first by kissing the cream inside of our delights and sealing them, then by sealing our lips together.  

The wedding was wonderful, we built our own cookie cake and the guests loved it, they couldn't get enough of it and some even asked us to make one for their own nuptials, and that's when we first saw what would be the last of downtown, when they, the nightmares of all cookie lovers everywhere, crawled out of every orifice in the ground with their horrific cry of OM NOM NOM NOM...

Nothing could stop them, the government tried to reason with them, but how can one reason with "C IS FOR COOKIE, THAT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME!"...The authorities tried carrots, then the stick, and that's when they, those unspeakable figures which have haunted my living dreams since, performed their coup de grace:  their googly eyes hypnotized any who resisted, any who sought to stop their mad quest to turn the world into cookies and eat it, and sent them to the Nabisco plants and had them feed the machines all that they, boogeymen to the boogeyman, desired: Sugar,
Unbleached enriched flour (wheat flour, niacin, iron, thiamine mono-nitrate (vitamin B1), riboflavin (vitamin B2), folic acid),
High oleic canola oil and/or palm oil and/or canola oil, Cocoa (treated with alkali), High-fructose corn syrup, Leavening agent (baking soda and/or monocalcium phosphate), Corn starch, Salt, Soy lecithin, Vanillin, Chocolate.  All else was left to rot or rust, only the cookie factories, the fuel to keep them going, and the people needed to work the machines remained.  

They loved the stagecoach, that was the first thing they devoured.  They wanted us to make more, and so we have ever since, endless crates of dark on light cookies emptied, repackaged into lovable little models, disappearing into the voids of those voracious mouths that never ceased to scream "COOKIE", and would gaze into the eyes of anyone trying to sneak a nibble and send them off to the plant.  One day I saw Brad next to one of the conveyor belts, it looked like his brain was slowly turning into a big, fat cookie, and you could see the blue bastards salivating, just waiting for him to turn into one.  

And so we wait, looking for a chance to make a run for it, knowing that all we had at our disposal were endless bags of Oreo cookies, and endless lines of blue muppets who would like nothing better than for us to build a stagecoach of cookies large enough for us to sit in and ride off, away from what was left of the city and into the great unknown where blue muppets were as rare as black cookies, and then...?