The scent of wildflowers tickled my nostrils as I sat on a warm tree branch. I had been here for hours, and the sun was setting on the horizon. A herd of gazelle grazed nearby, blissfully unaware of my presence. The wind ruffled my hair gently, blowing it from the nape of my neck and providing me with a momentary reprieve from the heat. I would soon pierce this peacefulness, as well as my quarry, with the blast from the rifle nestled in my hands; the gazelle would scatter west, heading towards the dying light in an attempt to avoid their nocturnal predators. Any birds nearby would take flight, cawing their discontent with the sudden interruption. These forethoughts fell away as the object of my interest finally appeared. She was beautiful, really; even from this distance, I could see the richness of her golden coat, and see the muscles rippling throughout her frame. Alongside her were two of her partners, lifelong friends, no doubt. I carefully brought my rifle to bear, and looked at her through the scope; with the magnification, I could see her eyes clearly, the sunlight glinting off her irises. She moved slowly, with purpose, unafraid of her surroundings, and I couldn’t help but admire the sheer strength of her natural form. With a breath, however, all thoughts left my mind, as my finger and the trigger met with a mutual understanding of purpose. The shot rang out as loudly as I had anticipated; the gazelle bolted to the west and the birds flew up and off. The remaining members of my target’s pack sprinted after the gazelle, unable to spare more than a moment for their fallen friend. I lowered myself to the ground, my stride the only thing breaking the newly forged silence. I reached the lioness, and crouched down beside her. The wound was clean, her spine neatly severed. Her labored breathing became more shallow as I approached, her eyes darting wildly, unable to move the rest of her body. I stroked her ears to calm her, and then removed a device from my backpack; I pointed the silver rectangle at her face and allowed it to scan her retinas. A light on the top of the scanner flashed green, and a line of text scrolled across the screen: 
“Sarah Thornton, lawyer. Status: Illegally reincarnated, wanted for tax evasion. Carry out disposal orders to settle her debt.” 
I returned the device to my backpack, and laid my rifle on the ground. I lowered myself next to the dying animal, and placed my hand above her heart. Each beat was fast and arrhythmic, fading. Drawing a knife from the sheathe at my side, I placed the tip where my hand had been, and looked Sarah in the eyes one last time. “Rest,” I murmured softly, leaning the weight of my body into the knife. With a final beat of the heart, her breathing stopped. I scanned her again, the light again turning green; this time, the text read, “Sarah Thornton, lawyer. Status: Reclaimed. Deposit confirmed.” 