"Do you know why your patrons don't fuss about a human running the tavern at the edge of all existence?"

My hand had just pulled away from shelving the bourbon when the customer spoke. I took my time in returning my attention to the Q. He was dressed in some space-aged uniform from a corner of time I was unfamiliar with. This omnipotent entity could appear however he wished, of course. When I first encountered him, he would take a seat in 50's attire, down to the fedora and lit cigarette. As time went on, I found his appearance reflected what was on his mind; Not that he ever directly talked about it. 

"I don't suppose there's any way to stop you from telling me?" I solicited.

"It's because you're nothing to them," he rumbled out. "Completely harmless, less a threat physicality and intellectually than a bit of mycoplasma genitalium on a toilet seat, hurtling towards a star."

It was true, of course. A quick glance about the room would humble any man. We were far from any galaxies; far from any stars. Some of the patrons may have never even been to a galaxy or a star.  Only those things that knew of what was beyond sight's reach gathered here.

At a booth nestled in a wall, a man attempted to finish his drink. This proved difficult, as the drink (and himself) would continually change. Sometimes he was an old man, the drink nearly empty. Other times he was young, just sitting down with his fresh Old Crow Manhattan. Looking at him hurt my eyes, as if the area was deciding for me what to remember of it.

A table by the door held two other patrons: One dazzled like a nebula, flickering black and blue in a curling waltz of complimentary colors, surrounded by what appeared to be micro star clusters which swayed about him much as earth might drift in water. His companion was a dark-eyed creature, mouth-less and beckoning like a dead planet, tendrils of purple shadow wriggling about the chin. She curled the dust and light in the air into an orbit about herself, something like a black hole. Above them, the heavy void and dazzling light collided in what very well could have been a galactic battle. If worlds fought and ended alongside them merely from their presence, it was too insignificant for them to notice; after all, they were having a game of chess.

"I might have to start thinning out your drinks, Q." I said with a smile, which was the only thing one could do when a Q put you in your place. He took a drink with a slight jostle of his head akin to a roll the eyes, drawing my attention to a nearby table.

"You see him there?"

Slumped over the counter was a tired man, spectacles worn with grime. He wore some kind of hazard suit with orange highlights, punctuated with a Greek symbol used to represent radioactive decay. He had been there a while.

"What about him?" I shrugged.

"Oh nothing important," Q continued, "He's just on his way back from a ship ride into a Dyson Sphere. The so-called 'scientists' from his story fiddled and toyed with reality like children poking at a snake. When it inevitably all came crashing down on them, they fiddled and toyed some more, until finally things were so bad, they just tried smashing their problems. They took the time-morphing and reality-collapsing sum of their knowledge and used it like a stick."

"Did it work?"

"Well I'd ask him, but by the looks of it, it didn't go over very well." Q all but spat his words as he drank, half amused and half disgusted. "'The knowledge of men.'"

I minded the hazard-suited patron a moment more. The look in his eyes was one I'd seen before; the internal pondering of truly knowing the scale of things outside of our understanding. It was something I often had to set aside to do this job, but could never set aside for long.

"I think I have a handle on it." I offered, not truly believing.

"Yes, you've seen more than most. It must be nice having all the answers handed to you on a silver platter."

"I manage to sleep at night."

He nodded his head in uncharacteristic kindness, redirecting his attention to the very far end of the room.

"There's never any light from outside those windows."

I peered to the window frames walled in the lounge area. True enough, they were black. They were always black. The front door would light up sometimes with the grand entrance of a cosmic customer, but the back-room windows were kissing the skin of reality's edge. The bar teetered somewhere between it and the fabric of existence, the entrance on the latter side. To say there was nought to see was an understatement; there was literally 'not' a beyond them.

"Nothing to see. There's not even the void out there; just nothing."

"Then why do you have them?" The question was punctuated with a quirked eyebrow; the kind he was known for using. While easily mistook for an insult, it usually carried a hidden meaning behind it. I had grown fond of trying to find it out.

"Because... one should not stop looking for answers, even when one thinks there's none to find?"

"Oh, you!" Q chuckled, apparently tickled with my answer. "You fumbling bipeds always come to the most droll conclusions. I figured the windows were there so that 'he' could have a view into your quaint little getaway." I followed his gaze to the windows, heavy with the darkness of non-existence beyond their glass.

"He who?" I asked.

"No one. No one at all. But if I were you, I would keep those windows closed."

Q clasped his glass and made his way from my bar, his eyes briefly lingering on mine. I watched him approach the chess game for a moment, before casting my glance over the heads of the astronomical players, lost in their inexplicable dealings, to the black-caged windows at the edge of nothing. I made a note to myself: Look into blinds.

**Edits for errors