I watch as digital wind blows artificial leaves around an abandoned town square. It's peaceful and quiet in this section of the game world. But at the same time ghostly as the emptiness of the streets reminds me of how I came to be here in this place. As I rethink it over I would have to guess that I've been here around 15 years now, it's hard to tell the seasons when they are only different in differing zones. I suppose if I had been like the others I would have put this silly fantasy game down a long time ago maybe I would have gotten married and had kids but instead I'm still here, probably always will be. I think I must have died while I was plugged in, it's the only thing I could think of that would prevent me from logging out indefinitely. Who knows?

What I do know is that I have done everything you can possibly do in this game. I remember when the new expansions came out one by one I was excited to finally have something new to do and also excited by the surge of new players that would come with it. New people to interact with, to guide, to try and figure out what happened to me. Most thought I was just doing role play or at worst too weird to keep talking to. But I did make some friends. They were always amazed that I could do things that they couldn't and some even mistook me for a dev.  After awhile I played along because it was easier.  But those are now distant memories of what feels like ages ago. My guildhall has been empty of other players for a long time.  

There is a movement in the street that pulls my attention back to the here and now but I see that it's only the npc clockmaker come to wind the big clock in tower at the center of the square as is usual for this time of day.  You see there is something that has been bothering me for a long time now and that is that I have not seen another player for some time. As I have the entire world map explored and all the fast travel locations discovered you can imagine that I've done a fair bit of checking even going so far as to check other guildhalls for player activity.

I knew a day like this might come, in fact I saw it slowly progressing to this point as player base diminished and regular content became less and less. This game world has died. Sure the servers might still be up but how long will that last and by extension how long does that give me? Does it even matter? I've done everything I can possibly do in this world. Is there a place where digital beings go when they cease to exist?




(Oh god please forgive my awful writing, this is my first attempt ever at doing a WP and I'm doing it on my phone no less. I just had this idea about a dying/dead game world and felt I should try and share it)