Bob slowly faded away, the last image he saw was his teary eyed daughter clutched her even more traumatised wife, who was hysterical with crying and sobbing. He was at peace.

The afterlife wasn't what he'd expected. Not white, but grey. A relentless corridor stretched for what seemed a lightyear. So, a natural instinct hit Bob, and, he couldn't just sit there twiddling his thumbs so he started strolling. A short eternity passed and he found himself in a... boxing ring? This was a confusion, as Bob in life was diagnosed early on with Asthma, and used it as an excuse to refrain from physical activity plentifully. The boxed ring was dark inside, and cautiously Bob peered into the dark and, seemingly, old ring. It looked unused. But nevertheless he waltzed in there casually.

The room was suddenly lit up, revealing what seemed to be millions of spectators, sat in rows piling up to what seemed like the stratosphere. A minor earthquake erupted and Bob instantly turned around and sprinted away. But...

The doorway was gone

Fragile flesh meeting brutal brick layers formed a gigantic smack sound as Bob collapsed to the floor, after regaining his composure, Bob quickly opened his eyes. To his surprise a woman-wolf like creature was baring a toothy grin that sat from ear to ear. She had whiskers and perky ears, but the soft eyes of a women that reminded Bob of his very own wife. Though Bob had never seen this 'thing', she spoke to him like they'd been close all his life. "Hey, Bob!" She exclaimed in an optimistic tone " You remember those bedbugs you killed? They're coming to bite you in the ass, so you better prepare!" Bob swore he saw her tail sagging and wagging behind her. She had a small build and sported a lab coat and   
shiny white gloves. She held a small clipboard in her hand. Bob rubbed his head, that had no hair, "Uh, no" he replied, sounding very dopey. "Well" she said, her voice shifted from one content ones, singing like in a choir in sync " You better start running!" She melted into the dirt floor and rose again, but this time she was a gargantuan pile of bugs, at least 7 feet tall. He put up little resistance. The pile engulfed him, seeping into every pour in his body.

" LET US IN " they wailed harmoniously, creating a ringing noise in Bobs ear. " LET US IN " they repeated. "n....no" he exasperatedly let out. The pain was unbearable. They consistently repeated their mantra. "Let... me... OOOOUUUUTTTT" he gained superhuman strength, and tore free from the colossal mountain. And then he heard a crunch.

He was at home. In his bed, all things normal, considering the event he'd just witnessed. He reached to his right and grabbed a familiar object. His wife's hand.
But something felt off. Her hand was cold and lifeless. Bob peered to the end of the bed, heart in throat, stomach in the pits of hell. He saw one thing, something that chilled him to the bone. 

One bug, like a rabbit, caught in the head lights. And something black. Blacker than black. He saw a gargantuan fly. He felt move ment to his right. His wife. Her face, covered in bugs.

"You lost" the voice boomed " now get outta  
My sight. Then it went black. Blacker than black. He could only see one image. A spider