Time; the greatest killer of them all. 

When the court decided it best for me to live out my remaining years, I think they might have underestimated how difficult the task would be. 

There was a time, you see, when I did care. England, 1665, I worked day in and day out trying so desperately to save the sick and dying. I once held a boy not far past his fifth birthday crumble away as the Black Death grasped his soul and drug him into eternity. 

It's funny, actually. I think it was around then that I saw just how futile it all was, trying to save those people. It wasn't just the sickness that made me see; it was the cruelty. People throwing their own parents and spouses into the street in the hope it might save their own souls for one more day. When the sickness finally went away, I made a vow. 

I have been around for... a long time. Longer than I can remember. For one reason or another, my soul refuses to rest and not for lack of trying. Wounds close, sickness heals, age simply does not come. Not even the most notorious, heartless murderer known to the universe has been able to spare me from the slow path. 

Because of this, I made a vow to end the lives of those who would dare raise a finger and cause harm on others for selfish gain, oppression, cruelty. I promised to rid the world of the monsters no matter the cost. 

Noble goal, yes? So why would a jury of my peers send me to a prison for the rest of my years? Well, for one, and like I said, I think they thought that would be a much more expedient task than they thought. For two, I got sloppy. 

There was a man, some might call him a politician, I'd prefer to call him a merchant. You see, he'd been selling produce of high value to the wrong people. In selling such produce, in this case information, he'd caused the deaths of many innocent members of the military, mostly intelligence workers, however, to help gain the trust of his customers he had managed to cover certain illegal activities of theirs, mostly human trafficking. 

I thought I'd found the perfect time and place. He was returning from a night of drinking when he made a stop at a gas station out of town. There would be no witnesses and little struggle. As I went for the kill, they found me, almost as if they'd been expecting me. The politician almost looked smug as the police sat me in the car. He looked just as smug at the trial. 

That was twenty years ago. Twenty years in prison changes most men and the guards have begun to notice that there is an unusual exception to the rule. I've noticed them, late at night and in hushed tunes, discussing the mad prisoner that hasn't aged a day in twenty years.

They even asked me about it, once. Being here for so long, they've come to see me as less of a threat and more of merely a presence. It was around midday when a young guard approached my cell, which I had effectively turned into a library. In careful diction, he asked how it was I managed to look so young when most people in appearance age almost five times the normal rate on the outside. I merely smiled and told him it was from a balanced diet of reading and vegetables. 

Of course, I can never truly tell them. The truth would probably cause their hearts to quiver and ultimately stop from the necessary energy required to understand. It's much easier to throw them off while I research my next victims, anyway. 

Then again, it's not like they have much time. For some of them, it might be a much more comfortable manner if death than what I will have to resort to. Corruption is a tongue I am all too familiar with. Many who look to my cage in confusion speak it's silent whispers. In my research, I have clearly defined the extent of their sins and also their habits.

Twenty years I have watched them. I have waited with no end of patience and diligence. I made a mistake twenty years ago by striking to early. I think I might have finally been patient enough. I have learned and studied the crimes of every inmate and every guard. Some are innocent, they will be unfortunate collateral, but will be given a merciful death. However, the rest shall suffer the pain of twenty years patience. 

They will soon know that time is the greatest killer of them all. 