Once, there was a war. 

After, there was peace, all-consuming and stifling, but once, there was a war, and in that war you were a siege weapon the likes of which no other could stand against. The human clans still whisper tales of you - The White And Golden Flame, Before Which All Is Seared Away; The Sun's Wicked Laughing Daughter; Death Comes On Swift Wings. You wore many names, then, so many that you have forgotten most of them across the vagaries of time. 

Only one name mattered to you, then: *mother*. 

Your kind are few, by necessity of your nigh-immortal lives; your children, even fewer. The human clan for which you took up arms never asked why you did so in their name - and even had they asked, you would not have deigned to answer - but thieving in the night a rival kingdom had stolen away your only hatchling, your whelp, your daughter more precious than your own life. How you keened and howled to discover the loss; how you tore asunder the very countryside in your grieving throes, bereft of her; how you ached in your very soul for what was taken from you. 

How you had sworn ugly and violent retribution in the search to return her beneath your wing. 

You never found her, throughout that bloody and ferocious conflict. It kills you even now to consider what might have happened to her; you had nightmares for decades about tearing open some castle keep, only to find her fine golden hide with its tiny, perfect scales nailed to the stone wall, a *desecration* of her innocence and purity, reduced to a trophy for the mortal peoples. And what a *mighty* trophy, slaying a hatchling, an *infant* as the humans reckon things. 

Dragons do not weep. You came closest when the queen of the kingdom with whom you had allied, recently bereft of her own hatchling, placed her gentle hand against your battle-tempered hide. She said nothing, only stared you in your great eyes, heedless of the difference in stature. 

For a moment, you were only two mothers - two queens - finding little solace in their grief. No amount of vengeance and destruction would bring your children back. 

The war ended. How could it not, with the other nations of the continent scoured to ash? But of your little one there was no trace, and not for all the gold in the world could you be persuaded to remain the weapon of the kingdom. 

In the north of the Wold, there is a river, and beyond it only mountains. Into those mountains you take your treasure, the treasure you earned in service to a king who cared nothing for your plight, but only for the heat of your flame - you take your treasure and you burrow deep, and the mortals of the northern part of the kingdom soon learn to trespass north of the river only if they wish to take their lives in their own hands. 

Peace, a century of it and more. They build shrines to you across the land, the truth of your legend twisted to suit the story of the crown; in the stories you are still a grieving mother, yes, but no longer the dragon, instead a pure-hearted woman who called down a being of molten gold and flame from the heavens. A lady-knight who rode a dragon in service to the kingdom - no, wait, now they call themselves the Empire, in the emptiness of the world after the war; there are precious few other kings. 

They call you the Golden Mother. You suppose this is as good a name as any. 

You hide away in your caves in the mountains; the grief never ceases for your lost little one, but it loses the sharpness around its edges, lodged uncomfortably but permanently in your breast, next to your heart. When you think of her, you hope she died well, snapping and fighting, or easily, in her sleep. 

You are thinking of her when something strange and new arrives in your caves: movement, and the stench of iron and blood. 

For the first time in months, you rouse from your bed of coins and treasure, slither through the hidden passages down to the entrance of your lair. Against the rock lays a lady-knight, her armor rent to pieces; blood trails into the grass leading back to the river. You do not need to be a human doctor to know that she is dying. 

She wears your standard at her breast, irony of ironies - the sigil of the Golden Mother, your name and legend now perverted to become the forefront of an order of mortal knights. You curl your lips back from your teeth at the thought. 

You are about to descend upon her, all fury and flame, before you notice the bundle the lady-knight clutches to her chest. It moves; it whimpers; it begins to cry and wail. The lady-knight weeps and presses the bundle to her face, her shoulders trembling with effort. She will not remain among the living much longer. 

You eel yourself down from the ceiling passages, down to the ground, and unfurl your wings for the first time in weeks. The lady-knight lifts her head, blanched pale to see you - frightened now, even as her lifeblood drains away, but she makes no effort to flee. 

You recognize the set of her shoulders, determined through sorrow. You saw it on a queen, once, long ago. 

"Golden Mother," pants the lady-knight, clinging to the wailing bundle of cloth. "Gods help me, the tales are true." 

"Why are you here?" you growl; your voice is molten lava and the groaning of the earth, the music of birds in the trees, the tinkling of coins sliding across one another. "This is my dominion, and short-memoried Men are unwelcome here." 

"Ha," says the knight, blood speckling her teeth, "but I am not a man; and the stories say you once rendered services to our empire for treasure." 

You lash your tail and draw closer, intrigued despite yourself. The knight is bold in her final minutes, and you respect that sort of strength, to face death laughingly. 

"That was true, long ago. And have you treasure to offer now? Why waste your final moments thus?" 

She offers you the bundle in trembling arms; a babe lies within, squalling, tiny and pink. "Mother of All, I offer you the... the greatest treasure my Order... has in its power to give," she gasps, and before she can drop the mewling thing, you take it gently in your claws. She falls back against the rock, white as lilies. "The princess.... The last of her line.... Take care of her... please, I beg you." 

You settle your wings and peer at the wee creature in your scaled palm; strangely, in your grasp, it ceases to cry. It - she - sucks a thumb and squints up at you, and ice slushes through your ancient veins to realize that *her* eyes are *your* eyes - golden and bright as the moon, flecked viridian green.

"What treachery is this?" you hiss at the lady-knight, but she is fading fast, clutching her wounds with weak fingers, her burden delivered of her. 

"Forgive me," she begs in final, delirious whispers; "Mother, forgive *us*..." 

Then, she is gone. All that remains in that cave that lives are you, ancient, and the babe, new-hatched. By what you know of human babies, she should be terrified and screaming, but she soon sleeps contented, cradled in your claws. 

The truth of the loss of your daughter roils in your gut, a cold fury. No wonder you never found her. You had razed to earth every kingdom that could have taken her, every kingdom - *except one.* 

Holding your granddaughter, you retreat to your nest of gold and treasure, and coil her close to your breast, and plan the vengeance that will one day come. 

Once, there was a war. 

There will be war again. 

*You swear it.*