I woke up, the day after my test. I still couldn't believe it. I was *his* son. The man that had his fingernails replaced with small knife blades so it would be easier to kill the advisors who angered him. The same man who built himself up on a pile of dead friends and political allies or opponents. Great.

I was not expecting to see the sun set today. Or any other day, for that matter, because as soon as my test results came in, the attendant ran out of the room, clutching a USB drive. As I walked to my mandatory classes, I saw a crowd of people talking and whispering quietly,   underneath an old freeway overpass. As I got closer and closer, I could see something hanging from it.

Oh god.

It was the attendant that had run out of the room yesterday. There was no way I was going to my classes now, because they would be waiting for me. I turned around and ran home as fast as I could, ignoring strange looks and questions. Panting, I ran up the stairs to the apartment, and stopped. My door was hanging wide open, with a large hole where the doorknob had been. As quietly as I could, I started to turn around...

And ran straight into 300 pounds of pure muscle. The huge bodyguard picked me up by the back of my shirt, and, despite my kicking and protesting, he carried me into my apartment. With surprising gentleness, he placed me on my old worn-out couch, and left the room. I glanced around my apartment, completely confused. Nothing seemed to be out of place, except for the gaping hole in my front door. 

The bathroom door squeaked open, and without the lights turned on, I could see a small figure walk out and close the door again. I was even more confused. This figure was not bulky or muscular, or even at an average height. Strange choice for a bodyguard. The figure walked forward, and as he came into the light, I cried out in surprise.

It was my biological father, knife-fingers and all. I stood up, ready to make a run for it. He shook his head and motioned for me to sit back down again. I did so, apprehensively glancing at his sharp silver fingernails. He came closer and closer, until he stood less than a meter from me. His eyes met mine, and he grinned, a terrible grin that revealed sharp, carefully-filed teeth. Great. He was going to eat me. As I prepared for the inevitable, he inched closer, until my face was mere centimeters from his. My eyes wide with fear, his narrowed in a cruel sneer. He raised his arms, and I closed my eyes, bracing for the pain.

It never came.

Instead, I felt his arms wrap around me, holding me in an embrace.

My eyes flashed open, and sure enough, the Dictator, my father, was... hugging me.

