Simon began his day like every other day. He let the animals out into the field to graze, made sure their pens were clean, fetched water from the well, and all of his other mundane tasks that had settled into something beyond ritual. They were the constant in his life. As ever present as breathing. It kept him content and it kept him fed, but there was still something missing. Living so far away from the city made it hard to find community and companionship beyond his house hold, so he built a small temple. Temple is a generous term for an unused pig pen, but it served his spiritual purpose just fine. His wife and daughter were excited for the new addition, but if truth be told, he didn't build it for them. He didn't build it for himself for that matter. The farmer understands that what lives also dies, and when something dies, it returns to the soil to live again. The farmer's work goes beyond himself as no man is an island. Humility and tribute had been absent from his life for far too long. He never considered himself a religious man, but he still felt a connection with something greater than his simple life. Simon knew that despite what it may seem, there is no such thing as a "simple life," and all days were special.  
This day definitely was special. Though it began like all of his other days of years past, it was significant, for this was the first day that he would pray at the shrine. It had been done for a few days now, but old habits die slow deaths, and a farmer's every hour is accounted for. Finding time for ritual would take effort, and he was determined to make today his first day on his search for inner peace. Simon took the tattered and faded blanket his brother was born in from the corner and laid it down, and sat cross legged in front the crude nine pointed star nailed to the wall. He thought, what have I become? When I was a boy, my mind was asking every question there was. Finding words to talk to God would have been no problem. Now I can barely think of anything past "thank you." Has my imagination and wonder really gotten this rusty? But he was determined, so he resolved to sit and wait for something to come to his mind that he could tell god.  
Time dragged on. A minute. Ten minutes. Maybe an hour. Simon had no idea. He had sat in the silence so long that he lost his sense of time altogether. He wondered, is this it? Are we just a moment? I can remember the past, but I cant go back to it. Is it only real because it's in my head? I can envision the future, but I can't see it. Is this moment all I have? When this moment turns into the next, do I die and become reborn? When does a moment turn into the next? The country of which I love has been since long before me and will stand for long after me. Is that all we are? A small piece of a story that can only enjoy it's little part of reality?  
Just when he thought he was knocking at the door of some great understanding, something moved from the corner of the room. It was a tall something, halfway between man and woman with skin that seemed to glow despite its dark complexion. It glided as if walking was beneath it. When it gently approached Simon's side, he felt no fear. The being knelt down beside him and said, "Simon, my child. You are asking very good questions, but please just shut the hell up. Your thoughts are so effing loud and I just want to sleep. I've been traveling for a millennia looking for a shrine that isn't crowded by noisy prayers. Come back when the sun goes down, but for the love of me, just give me that blanket back and shut the hell up for like a few hours."