"You've got nowhere left to run!" yelled Carter, trying to cover the playfulness in her voice. She moved her face closer to Lex, holding a plastic toy knife up to his throat. "Now tell me where the criminals are hiding."

"You can't make me!" Lex retorted, holding his hands behind his back to pretend he was handcuffed. "Do your worst!"

Carter let out a maniacal laugh that was about an octave too high before being cut off by a shrill voice from upstairs. "LEX!!!" They both turned toward the stairs as the quick, thunderous sound of steps filled the room.

The yelling continued, but for some reason Lex couldn't make out what the voice said. All he could see was the vague outline of his mother coming into the hallway and his little voice of reason in the corner of his eye.

Only this time it didn't give him advice or directions. It was just gibberish.

Lex tried to look around, but he couldn't turn his head. Come to think of it, he couldn't do anything.

The text in the corner changed. "YOU'VE GOT NOWHERE TO RUN"

His mother's voice got louder as she stepped closer, her piercing voice still unintelligible. "YOU ARE WEAK"

He felt a tug on the back of his shirt as he was lifted from the chair. "YOU ARE EVIL"

She got closer to his face and her expression turned to one of disgust. He didn't know why. "EVERYTHING IS YOUR FAULT"

He realized he had been crying. She didn't like it. She raised a hand to slap him. "YOU DESERVE THIS"

***

Lex woke up with a start, back to being an adult in his apartment's bedroom. He looked around. Everything was where he'd left it the previous night. He caught his breath, then drank the cup of water next to his bed. He hated that nightmares like that were getting more frequent.

He lay back down and was about to fall asleep when he noticed the message in the top left corner of his eye.

"GET TO SAFETY"

He jumped out of bed and turned the light on. He kicked himself. All of the nightmares and anxiety he'd been having lately - he was so stupid. So stupid that he never even knew what he was thinking. So stupid that he couldn't tell what was going on until his subconscious texted it to him. Of COURSE he was in danger. What else is new?

He tried to calm down long enough to figure out what he needed. Clothes, toothpaste, toothbrush, wallet, water...

He was stopped in the middle of his thought as Carter came drowsily out of her room.

"Lex...? What's happening?"

"No time to explain." Lex was still rushing around, thinking of more things to grab and shoving them into a backpack. "Get dressed. We gotta go. Now."

"Hey, hey--" she tried to get his attention and grabbed his shoulders, "Take a breath." He took about three quarters of one.

"Now I need you to tell me what's going on, OK? Whatever it is, it can wait a second for you to tell me."

He nodded and caught his breath

"We-- we gotta go, we're in danger, we're gonna... well I don't know what's happening, but something's happening and we have to get to safety..." He paused. His voice was getting shaky.

"Why do you think we're in danger?"

"I-I get these... these messages..." he started. Carter looked at him, interested.

"It's like a little text in the corner of my eye. Like you know that thing people get where they can see words and numbers and stuff?"

"Synesthesia, yeah."

"Yeah, it's like that, except it tells me what to do and gives me advice and stuff, you know? God, I probably sound crazy right now."

"You don't sound crazy."

"OK, well-- I had a bad dream and when I woke up from it it said to get to safety, and I don't know what's gonna happen, but it's not safe here..." His voice trailed off, getting shaky again.

"Hey... hey, it's gonna be OK." He looked up at her. "Was it about your mom again?"

He paused, trying to remember the dream. Then he nodded, crying a little. She hugged him.

"Yeah... it's gonna be OK. I know it's some scary shit. It scares me too."

She paused.

"But it's in the past now. You're safe here. No one's gonna hurt you, OK?"

Lex took a full breath.

"OK... Also that message is gone now," he said, more relaxed.

"I know it is," she whispered into his ear, "because you've got nowhere left to run."

She jokingly tapped his back with her closed fist in a stabbing motion. He made some fake dying sounds, and then they both laughed.

He was safe.