I heaved a sigh and wiped the sweat from my brow. All twenty of my generals were here, awaiting my orders.

"Ladies, gentlemen....we've been on the defensive for far too long. These arrogant little men above...the North Koreans, hated even by their fellow surface ones...tonight they *will* die."

I looked to the man on my right at the table. "General Mercury, how goes the mission of taking our lands back?"

He removed his glasses. "Not well, my lord. Many of the outlying hunting and farming families have been eradicated. Their weapons have spread pestilence and death in a way I have never seen before."

"I have." General Fulbright replied grimly. "The surface ones call it 'nuclear fallout'. It spreads a sickness so vile you're dead before you hit the floor."

I nodded slowly, putting the pieces together. "But these poisons have not reached our depths?" I inquired.

All my generals stared at me, worried.

"No, my lord." General Fulbright responded.

I smiled faintly. "Good. If we are to win this war, we need something to tear down their walls, laugh at their weapons of steel, and lay their cities to waste."

"Sir," General Gainnes spoke fearfully. "You're not truly suggesting--"

I nodded, a smile now clear on my face. "Gentlemen, wake up Cthulhu."

Immediately, my generals rose to their feet in anger and terror

"Sir, you can't!" wailed General Mercury.

"He'll become unstoppable!" General Fulbright shouted.

I raised my hand for silence, and my generals did so.

"We have developed a neurotoxin powerful enough to simple lull him into slumber once more. It will be fired into his neck via a missile after the destruction of North Korea."

"But sir!" General Scarlett called out. "That monster is the reason we sank and you want to unchain him!?"

"She's right!" General Gainnes spat. "Years of spellcraft went into simply luring that beast down here! Last time he was unleashed upon the surface, he wiped out those dinosaur creatures! And he was but an infant!"

"Besides, what would the politicians say?! What would the public say?!"

I held up my hands in a calming gesture. "It will be alright, my friends. My cabinets will not utter a word if they know what's good for them. We will wake Cthulhu and he will march back up to the surface to raze North Korea. He *is* dormant very close to the shore, is he not?"

Everyone frowned. I could tell they hated this plan, but I has the king.

"Wake Cthulhu." I stated. "That's an order."

And wake Cthulhu, they did. I watched it personally from above the clouds. It was quite remarkable.

My top spellcasters fired literally everything they had at the monster. Within hours, a large shadow appeared under the water. Cthulhu broke the surface, his crusted eyes full of hatred, his tentacles writhing angrily. I could already hear screaming.

The beast lumbered onto the shore, gallons on water dripping off of his scaly body. He unfurled his gnarled, bloody wings and flapped them for the first time in millenia.

He leaned his head back and curled his tentacles up, revealing his mouth: a black, reeking abyss with hundreds of rows of rotting teeth. Cthulhu took a deep breath, consuming a fifth of the atmosphere, and roared

Even from one thousand feet above, the roar was ear-splitting. It was like a nightmare in agony.

North Korea's pitiful defenses opened fire, barely scraping Cthulhu's hide. The monster strolled to the large protective wall and promptly tore it down. More screaming ensued.

"On this day, North Korea will receive a grim reminder..." I whispered. "That they are at *our* mercy, not the opposite."

I watched as Cthulhu tore down every house, every so-called "skyscraper", every last scrap of civilization.

"All right." I said. "Send ambassadors to every world leader to explain what happened here today. Tell them to not be threatening, but to make certain..." I smiled thinly. "...implications."

My messenger stepped onto the teleporter and vanished, off to do my bidding.

I switched on my communicator. "Generals, you may fire when ready."

Like clockwork, a barrage of missiles charged at Cthulhu like a swarm of locusts. They rammed into the beast, puncturing his skin and sending the toxins into his blood. It was not long before Dread Cthulhu fell to the ground into another eon-long sleep.

My messenger reappeared soon after. He handed me a large stack of letters.

"Sir, these are from every world leader on the surface stating we surrender Cthulhu as well as all other weapons we have and turn ourselves into custody."

I was furious. "WHAT?! WERE THOSE IDIOTS TOLD IT WAS RETALIATION?!"

My messenger gulped. "Yes, sir. They don't seem to care. They called it an act of global terrorism and mass murder."

I sat there with my mouth agape for a very long time before I glanced to the sleeping form below.

I switched my communicator back on. "Generals, alert my spellcasters. Tell them Cthulhu is waking back up *now*."