It had been a few years since Brandon had done any official work as a preacher. He left the youth program at his church to spread the strength of the Lord through demonstrations of physical prowess, showing that God can remake someone in the most figurative and literal sense. Tearing phone books in half, lifting large rocks, competing in the odd strongman competition when he could qualify, training 
 the next generation of aspiring athletes. This is how he served his faith now. He was the fourth best trainer in the metroplex area. If anyone could get this group ready, he thought it was him. He didn't ask what they were training for. He just went were he was needed as Jesus had. It didn't hurt that this client was paying him an absurd amount of money, but when he opened the door to the small room with concrete floors and no air conditioning, he wasn't sure it was enough. It wasn't the room or the weathered gym equipment. It was the three beings using it.

"Sup" said a demon sitting on the bench press resting between his sets. 
"Oh my god... You're"  
"A sick cunt. But here's the thing dude, sky out, thighs out ya know? I'm tryna join the quad squad."  
"You're a demon!"  
"And you're a beast. So what's up, can you get us ready in 3 months or nah?" replied a second red skinned muscular horned  mass from the squat rack.  
"Ready for what?"  
"Suns out guns out."  
"What does that mean?!"  
"Look dude we don't have time for this. I took the first half of my stack and I'm sippin on aminos. I'm tryna get these reps in now. Either you can help us or we'll find another trainer who can."    
"Help you for what?! What are you training for? To invade earth and fight the faithful?"  
"NO!" retorted the third demon as he dropped the bar on his last Romanian deadlift.  
"You have my word we maybe probably won't do that."  
"You're a monster."  
"Dude... Thank you."  
The one at the rack rocked forward on a front squat, and Brandon's coaching nature took over.  
"Point your toes out more and keep the weight of the bar over the center of your feet. You leaned forward and your heels almost came up. Pointing out the toes will open up the hips. Just don't point them out too much."  
"See that's what I'm talking about. I promise we're coachable and we want to work. We aren't gonna waste your time. Just give us a chance."   
Brandon's uncertainty was strong, but he felt the lord was testing him. Maybe he could exorcise these demons, by exercising them. Maybe he could help them achieve their goals and realize all things are possible with the Lord.  
"Okay. Alright I'll do it."  
The three demons cheered and danced in celebration. What followed was an informative and fascinating training session. They took instruction perfectly. They didn't argue. They listened intently. They gave it everything they had. The next 45 minutes flew by in the blink of an eye.  
"Alright guys good work today. We'll meet here tomorrow. Go home and eat. You all need to be on about four to five thousand calories until we start the cut. At least 350 grams of protein. I don't care if you have to chug shakes. You have to pack it in. Let's circle up and close with a prayer."  
"Coach. I'm not much of the praying type, but do you mind if I lead this one?"  
"Sure" beamed brandon. They closed their eyes and bowed their heads, and without warning, the demon used his nail to cut a pentagram into his forehead. As blood dripped down, he began to pray.  
"Our infernal dark flame that pierces to the deepest caverns of our soul. Light our way through the eternal night. Let us drink of your flesh and eat of your blood."  
"What the absolute fuck?" muttered Brandon.    
"Let the beasts that crawl the earth sound the seventh trumpet and herald your infernal reign. Let the last gasping breath of the sacrificial lamb command the breeze and wake you from your slumber. Amen. Alright coach! Same time tomorrow?! Lets go boys we gotta pack it in!" They trotted out of the room like high schoolers excited for summer. Brandon sat in shock wondering what he had signed up for.