“What was the name of the game we’re playing today, again?” Joburt said.

“Lost Ages-Second Millennia,” I replied.

“Ok, let me set the scene. You’ve all agreed to meet up at the Celestial Stag, a drinking establishment, the server places a coffee in front of each of you, explaining that someone has already ordered for you”

“What’s a ‘coffee’? Joburt asked, immediately.

“According to my sheet here, it says its “fermented bean juice,” and it was a very common drink at the time.”

“Gross!” Joburt said, sticking out his tongue.

“It’s because there was so much dirt everywhere at the time, including indoors due to Global Warming setting a lot of the other crops on fire. So, they planted beans everywhere,” Jayella said, matter-of-fact.

“Oh, OK. That makes sense,” Joburt said, thoughtfully.

Just as I was about to move on with my amazing scene-starter about the mysterious stranger, Joburt interrupted again.

“What’s a cat-a-holic? My religion is that I really love cats? I could get behind that.”

“No”! I took his sheet and scanned it. 

“That says ‘catholic’ it was a major religion at the time.

“Huh. OK, what about the equipment for a healer at the time? It says I’m a subclass called ‘EMT,’ but some of this equipment seems strange to me.

“How so?” I asked.

“Well, see here, it says I have “paddles” but I don’t see how an EMT would need paddles?”

“Oh, that’s easy,” Jayella chimed in. “Global Warming flooded a lot of areas outside, so you’ll need paddles for your canoe, so you can get to places. I mean, what good is a healer who can’t reach injured people right?”

“Cool, does that mean I get a boat too?”

I scratched my head, flipping through the rules.

“Um, I guess?”

“Sweet!”

“As for me,” Jayella said, showing me her sheet, I’m another major religion from the time, called ‘Follower of Cthulhu.’

“Right,” I said, relieved that we were in more familiar territory now. I flipped to the page. “It says here that Followers of Cthulhu were rivals with Catholics, and they would compete with them through an event called “Door to Door Evangelism.”

“So, does that mean they would like fight duels?”

“I would definitely win, Cthulu is a big squid god, look at this picture! A catholic boating enthusiast would be no match!”

Joburt began to protest that this was his class not his faith, but Jayella was on a roll.

“And this feat here says I can fill any room with water given enough time!”

“Maybe that’s how water got to be everywhere?” I said, looking through the rules dubiously.

“But the Catholic boaters were totally prepared!” Joburt said, embracing the characterization.

**
(virtually no editing but it was fun anyway.)