Of course he fell in love with her.

Out of all the fairest women in the land, the Crown Prince of Anarin *had* to choose my sister.

Now, don't get me wrong. I love my sister dearly, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't tired of living in her shadow. I guess its natural to feel that way, both as a little sister and a side character, but I want people to look at *me* for once!

Sure, I don't have cascading golden hair or woodland critters gathering at my feet like Aurora, but I knew I was interesting enough to be noticed; maybe enough to get upgraded to a main character!

I shook my head and steeled my nerves. The schoolhouse roof groaned under my weight as I carefully shifted my position onto the giant 'X' I had drawn. The ground seemed to be a million miles below me. One false move and the only thing I'd be remembered as would be ~~Aurora's~~ *Her Royal Majesty* Aurora's little sister who met a tragic end testing out one of her nutcase ideas.

This particular nutcase idea was a pair of wings strapped to my back, almost mimicking the look of a sail. I spent month's perfecting my latest invention and now it was finally time for a test ride. This *had* to make them notice me. If all goes well, maybe mother and father will remember they have another daughter.

"Mallory? *What are you doing up there*?!" I peered down over the edge of the roof to meet Aurora's wide blue eyes, face twisted in worry. She always looked so beautiful, even when she was screaming at me. I suppose that's a reason the Prince was so enamored by her. Personally, I thought she could do better. The man had a striking resemblance to a thumb.

"Get down this instant!" Prince Charmant had joined Aurora's side as she clung to his arm. Ah. Think of the devil and he shall appear.

He was looking worried as well. Aw, how sweet. I bet he doesn't even remember my name. Or age. Or anything else for that matter. Main characters hardly look at anything outside of their perfect little bubble.

All of that was going to change. I'd make sure of it.

Hearing the loud commotion, more people had gathered in the town square at the front of the school. Well, this was a big enough audience. I cleared my throat.

"People of Cavers Village!" My voice was squeakier than I liked but was loud enough to bring a hush to the crowd. "Today, we will make history as the first village ever to harness the power of the sky!"

I pulled the latch that 'unfurled' the wings. They were sturdy and light, perfect for gliding. I thought for a moment as the crowd began buzzing.

*Hmm...glider. That has a nice ring to it.*

"This glider will shorten the length of time to travel from village to village! No family has to go hungry waiting for food, or go cold waiting for firewood ever again!" I raised my arms for emphasis. "From this day forward, we are entering a new era of technology!"

The look on everyones faces ranged from incredulous to amused to horrified. It didn't matter to me. They'd believe me soon enough.

I grabbed on to the handles at either side of the glider and took several steps back. My heart pounded so hard in my ribcage I was sure everyone below could hear it.

"Mallory, please stop!" Aurora had tears streaming down her face. "You're going to hurt yourself!" She whipped around to her betrothed and smacked his arm. "*Do something Charmant!*"

Prince Charmant motioned to the guards nearby to ascend to the roof. I guess that meant it was go time. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes.

*If I die, at least people finally saw me and not her.*

I sprinted towards the 'X' on the roof and leaped into the air while onlookers gasped and screamed.

For a split second, I dropped and my sister's screams blocked out all other noise.

A mighty gale came under me and I rode it into the sky, whooping and hollering. It worked! Getting used to steering along with the wind was tricky at first, but I was a fast learner.

The wind pattern suddenly shifted. I looked below and was surprised how far up I was. I jerked the sides to steer back onto course but got caught in a....tornado?

I was enveloped in a tornado coated with a purple haze, throwing me back and fourth so much that I was sure I had soiled my undergarments. The scenery warped and changed around me until it was unrecognizable.

I closed my eyes and curled in a ball and hoped for a quick, painless death.

When I opened them, I lay sprawled in a clearing with my glider in shambles next to me. I patted myself down.

Head in tact? Check.

Torso attached? Check.

Legs not broken? Check.

"You're perfectly unharmed, my dear Mallory," a mellow voice echoed behind me. I turned to be greeted by a beautiful woman dressed in a long green cloak. Her hair ran down her shoulders to her waist, much like that of my sisters, although hers was jet black--the darkest shade of black I had ever seen.

I almost rolled my eyes. Oh, great. Another main character.

Something about her was different, though. She regarded me with warmth in her expression no one had ever shown me before.

"H-How do you know my name?" I stuttered before falling to my knees. The whirlwind ride had taken its toll on me.

She was kneeling down next to me in a heartbeat, brushing strands of hair out of my eyes. "I'm the one that sent for you," she smiled, rubbing my back in circular motions.

"Huh?"

She laughed. "I had to bring you here, Mallory. I need help with a task and you're the only one that can give it."

*Wait. She brought me here? She summoned that purple tornado?*

"You're a witch!" I blurted out before slapping a hand over my mouth. At home, a witch was something to fear. The word was hardly ever uttered and regarded with the utmost fear. Schoolchildren were taught at a young age that witches were cruel, gruesome women who liked to feast on the hearts and bones of humans.

The lady in front of me didn't fit that description at all.

Rather, she shrugged. "Yes, I'm a witch. Not what you expected?"

\------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 1/2

(Part 2/2 in the reply)