On June 8th 2017 I died on a hospital bed somewhere in africa, I was part of a medical team on the doctors without borders program, and of all the risks and dangers i have faced over the years; I actually died of malaria if you can believe it!

After i died there was a sense of serene.. clarity. I instantly knew everything in my life had been worth it; that i had lived a good life, and had made a positive impact on the universe; and i would be rewarded with life eternal through the Pearly gates of heaven. 

At least, thats what seemed to go through my head. The reality was not so... Shiny. As i ascended, the gates came into my field of vision, i saw that they were tarnished; no damaged even. They stood ajar at an unatural angle, bending inwards as though forced beyond their (super?)natural tolerance. As i got closer i saw marks all over the pale ground ahead of me. Scorch marks and grey stains mottled the marble paving as i approached the gargantuan walls that shot all the way into the distant horizon to either side of me.

And oh how they were huge; easily taller than the largest sky scraper. Smooth grey granite polished to a sheen reflected the light from the pale ground, marred only by the same scorch marks on the ground and gouged deep enough to fit a car easily. the marks carried on far up the walls, and along them further than my (now excellent) vision could perceive any detail. I made my way over to the gates and stood for a moment in aww; the gates were just as tall as the walls, and surely as grand, but what stunned me was the intricacy of their design, these were not solid pieces of material but was woven strings of golden thread, stitching its way to and fro in a tapestry of words and symbols that meshed together such that from a distance gave the impression of a solid form that shimmered with the hue of a fresh pearl.

I stood for what felt like an age, until a distant echo of thunder jerked me back to alertness. I walked through the gates and the horrible beauty of what I saw next drove me to my knees. Before me stretched a metropolis built of that smooth stone, myriad architectural wonders unique and yet, some how perfectly complimenting each other in a feat of co-ordination i could barely comprehend. but these buildings, so beautiful in their design lay in a state of ruinous that staggered me. My mind showed me market squares and courtyards of serene beauty and wonder, but my eyes betrayed their desolation.

i walked through the ruins for what felt like days under the sourceless glow of constant daylight, but i did not tire; i guess the dead had no use for hunger or sleep. As i walked i bore witness to works of art that would have made even the harshest critic have wept with admiration; and countless pages of work in unintelligible scripts too numerous to count, but i assumed must have ranged from priceless works of literary genius, all the way through to a to do list for the day, so much life was etched in this place, and yet it stood so empty now.

Empty, and silent.

No wind rustled these papers, no rush of air warm or cold through the many backstreets and tunnels. All was still. Hell even the stones lay bereft of any dust, save for the small gravelled chips that lay at the foot of fallen walls or foundations; each as sharp as the moment they were rent from their previous form. 

I had become so lost in my own thoughts that the distant thunder jolted through my mind like a riotous clap which left my ears ringing. but perhaps it wasn't so distant after all. I ran outside of the small ironmongers i had been before, carrying with me an ornate sword hewn of many layers of steel, polished to a mirrored finish that caught every colour of the rainbow, and a few i had not the time to think of a name for. I searched for signs of movement, for a source to the sound, but the air was still, and the echoes had passed. i shuddered in dismay, but as i turned to continue my trek, i saw a movement far distant, just a fraction of a glint of light but it was there. Almost a minute later the thunderous boom hit and i ran as fast as i could towards that distant motion.

I ran faster than i had ever before, without fatigue, and yet it still took me almost 30 minutes to reach the sound, or at least, the edge of the crater that surrounded it. the crater must have been at least a kilometre wide, and maybe even as deep, and yet in the centre of it stood a tower of topz blue, almost invisible to the sky save for the hundred of thousands of steps that spun around it perfectly. I prepared to make my way there when i spotted a tiny dark form slowly falling from the sky, closely followed by a glistening diamond accelerating towards it; as it slammed into the dark form a shimmering spark sent a thunderclap outward in all directions, almost knocking me to the ground with its intensity. The dark form shot to the ground and was soundlessly halted by its impact. 

I ran down the dirty banks of the crater, crossing the rocky ashen ground in leaps and grabs that would have made even the most athletic of parkour enthusiasts proud, Then i came upon the darkened form. or should i say him. The dead body looked up at me with eyes as black night, its teeth bared in a last defiant act of furious malevolence that made me almost step back. this creature resembled a man, but was a horrifying disfigurement of that form, all sharpened teeth and overdeveloped muscles, a creature built for mauling its prey. as i leaned down to move it, the creature began to disintegrate, its shape crumbling to the same ash that made up the land surrounding the Pillar. looking down again i saw the creatures scabbard had not disintegrated with the rest of him. I put it on, sheathed my sword and made my way to the Pillar.

Vertigo is not something i had ever experienced before, but as i looked up or down from the steps that stretched in a tight endless circle, i almost went dizzy. I carried on my ascent, leaping steps two abreast for what must have been days, until the walls and gates below, were all but the smallest golden pinprick in a Grey thread that patched the pale landscape. As i neared the top, i heard a rhythmic tapping noise, distant at first, but filling up my hearing as i soundlessly ascended the final steps, and stood at the top of the pillar. 

in front of me stood a single raised dias, a brilliant white which seemed to reflect a glow from within itself. as i walked closer I saw the glow did not come from the dias, but from the woman laying atop it. her white robes filling the glass beneath them with ethereal light that diffused its form. I moved closer, and was greeted with a diamond blade suddenly but steadily pushing a very thin line of pressure on my windpipe.

"It has been long since anyone laid eyes upon her so, without lust or malice." the deep voice spoke. 

The man walked around, his sword slowly changing its angle, until its sharp point brushed as the hairs of my throat. He was tall, athletically build and immaculately clad in a suit that had been tailored to utter perfection. a perfect black save for the diamond wings that adorned his back; beautifully refracting the woman's glow as he now stood between us. 

"She would not have wanted to be seen so frail, can you believe that, the most powerful being in all creation, worried about looking weak.." He had lowered his sword, and beckoned me towards her. When i gazed upon her beauty, i knew in a heartbeat who she was; as she lay cross armed and still, i felt the history of the universe creep into my mind, perceiving the millions of years of battle, fighting the very forces of entropy to allow life to flourish, not just on earth, but in various forms everywhere. This was her universe, and now there she lay, her skin smooth as the crystal on which she lay. 

I looked up at him wordlessly, and saw a tear in his eye. I of course knew now who he was, the complex truth of his past, that our ancient texts had the barest hint of truth in their foundation. 

"Why?" I croaked dryly, realising then i hadn't uttered a single word in probably weeks.

"Because i did not know then what we know now child." he replied mournfully.

 "I was young, foolish. I did not realise the folly of my path. She had protected me; protected us all from the outside, but in doing so had decided to keep the truth from us. You see, she did not wish to burden us with consequences of her actions, not while we were so young as to be swayed but Them. She wished to nurture us, help us grow strong that we might choose to stand along side her one day. I feared that day may not come, that none would grow so, or worse still, that none would choose this."

"What about everyone else?" I asked 

"The others protect them, Peter, Gabriel, my brothers and sisters, they nurture those who were not ready, giving them rest and in time, sending them back so they might grow further. I Vowed to stay here, and protect my brothers and yours, for it was my deeds that allowed her to fall.

A dark void cracked across sky above us

"Wait, you mean i am the first?" I gasped in disbelief, how after thousands of years of civilisation, could i be the first? I watched as two small dark things fell from the crack as it sealed itself behind them, they moved towards us.

"Yes; remember, you have lived many lifetimes, stretching far back through time, you have been the best of them, the worst of them, At times their martyred saviour, and even their most reviled dictator. Your path was a hard one, but it has made you strong, strong enough to stand here. But then what else would i expect from her eldest son."

He smiled and jumped up, the thrust of his wings sending him flying towards one of the beings while the other made a beeline towards the Pillar. I unsheathed my blade and ran towards the hulking Demon as he landed on the far side of the Pillar. There would be time for more questions later.