Mom looked from Michael to me, then back to Michael. Her eyes then drifted down to the kitchen table we were sat around, settling on the grain as if it were more interesting than either of us. Perhaps to her, it was. After all, she'd stopped paying us any real attention long ago. Back when...  

 "Mom?" I said. "Are you okay." Why was she acting so strange? Didn't she want to know what Michael and I had been up to in class?

 Silence wrestled with static from the air conditioner. Mom pulled her glass near and poured from the half empty gin bottle on the table. She raised the glass to her nose, taking a long sniff. "You don't have a twin." She downed the contents and poured again. 

 "Mom?" I laughed, but needles of anxiety prodded my stomach. "What do you mean? Just look at us, for God's sake!" 

Michael joined in, gesturing a hand to me. "Not only has Kate always been there for me, but come on! Same hair, same nose. We're identical, if not for gender. You can't say we're not twins."

Mom looked up reluctantly. Her bloodshot eyes drifted with a stutter, as if they needed oiling. Slowly they set on me.

 "You don't have a twin. Not... Not since you were a baby." I could see the pity in her eyes. She took another swig, wiping her mouth the back of her golden cardigan. 

 "Mom? "

 "And I never told you that," she continued, before turning away from me and looking back at Michael, forcing a trembling smile.

 "What do you mean, Mom?" Michael's voice cracked as he spoke. "Are you feeling okay?"

 A pang of anxiety that has been building, burst in my stomach. She'd been growing old and I hadn't even noticed. Deep shadows ran in grooves over her face. Grey drifts streaked her dark hair, like the setting sun shining on the crests of waves. But most apparently, her mind itself was drifting away. Or the alcohol was taking it from her. "Shall I call a doctor, Mom?"

She raised a hand, placing a palm in front of her face. "I'm fine. I'm fine." A long pause. "Your twin died. Cot death, they said. I don't know if that was really the cause, but I do know I held a tiny unmoving body in my arms for an hour, before your father found me and pried my arms open." Tears streaked her face, her mascara running towards her mouth.

How could this have happened? That she'd made up such a story, and now seemingly believed it? Could drink alone really do this to a person?

Michael looked at me, the sadness in his eyes as deep as that in Mom's. 

 "I knew something was odd," Mom continued, looking from me to Michael. "After dad died... I heard you in your room, talking to, well, to no one. You... You began doing it often. A way of comforting yourself, I thought. Just an imaginary friend. You were young and-- Well, I thought you'd grown out of it." She sighed. "I should have been there for you, but"--she emptied the rest of her drink--"I had my own demons."

"Mom," Michael said, his calmness surprising me, "if I was talking to anyone, it was to my sist--"

Mom leapt out of her seat like a woman possesed, snatching his wrists and holding them like clamps. "You don't have a God-damned sister! Not anymore." 

She released him and fell back into her seat, sliding half down it, weeping.

Michael's hands were shaking. "Mom?" 

She covered her face with embarrassed hands, hiding her tears.

Michael's eyes roved slowly, nervously, across the table as he looked to me.

 "She was always there for me," he whispered. "Even when you weren't."

 Mom looked up. "I'm sorry, my darling," she said through tears. "I'll try to be better. I'll try so much harder." She grabbed the bottle by its green throat and walked to the sink, emptying it in four swift glugs.

It was then that I realized Michael wasn't looking at me. 

He was looking past me, to my side. I sat there frozen, hoping beyond hope he'd discover me once more.

But he didn't. 

Couldn't.

"Michael, please," I begged, my voice already thinning. "Please. *Look after Mom*." 


