"Mom, you're not going to believe this."

I fumbled with trying to hold the cell phone to my ear with one hand as I held my cats tale - yes, its tail - in the other. I had just been spending a nice, quite afternoon with the cat I'd had since childhood when his tail came off, revealing a USB connector at the end. So after freaking out quite a lot, I did the most logical thing and called my mom.

"Leo's tail just came off!" I blurted out in a panic.

"Oh..."

Wait, oh? Not a 'Get him to the vet!' or even a 'How'd that happen?!'. Just an 'oh'?

"Oh goodness, your father and I always meant to tell you," she continued. "It's just you were so little when Leo passed that we couldn't stand to let you know. It would have made you so upset."

"What are you talking about Mom, Leo is right here! Well, mostly right here, some of him is in my hand, but otherwise he's fine and always has been."

"That's not Leo, sweetie, that's a robot copy we got when you were little. You see, there's this service that allows you to order copies of your pets so that way when they die you can just activate the robot and it will be like they never went away. It's perfect for little kids, they can never tell the difference and it saves the parents the heartache of explaining about death."

"So, instead of telling me that Leo ran away or something fairly normal, you got a robot cat for me to grow up with, and you never planned on telling me?"

"Well, yes. To be honest though, I'm surprised he has stayed around for so long, the older models like him usually don't last for so many years."

"I see..." I said, looking at Leo, or the robot, or Robot-Leo laying on the couch. He was in the exact spot the sun was shinning on and was gently licking his paws while looking at me with huge, amber eyes. Robot or not, this cat had been with me my entire life, and I loved him more than anything else.

"So... what do I do with his tail?"

"Oh, don't worry about that, it should go right back in. Actually though, before you put it back, try plugging it into your laptop. There should be an update that fixes some bugs, like the one where he runs around the house all night, or when he lays on the keyboard when you're trying to work. It will probably save you a fortune on toilet paper as well!" 
 