From tasting that metal pipe, and inhaling of that bitter chemical smoke that filled my chest,  I knew this trip would be life changing.  10 minutes of transcendental living on a higher plane. This is what I lived for. As the world around me starts to shift and my body falls from the force of the blast. My spirit jumped out of my body into the sky. As I flew at insane speeds I saw my fellow man underneath me, I was above some desert land, seeing a war torn land with children’s dead bodies on the street and men enjoying the torture and pain of their captors. My body started to shift and as the atoms in my skin started to vibrate, I was in a dark chamber that resembled a shower and men and children naked huddling together. As I heard an alarm ring and the door sealed. Gas started entering the room, everyone around me panicking trying not to inhale. One by one, starting with children they started to drop. I looked to the side and through the mirror I see men with a demonic grin, enjoying the show they had just orchestrated. I started feeling sick; I didn’t want to life ignoring injustice and evil. I started understanding what kind of world I truly lived in. What kind of life stream we are a part of.

As my spirit returned into my body, I had felt relief at the end of the trip. However after looking around, I realized that I still was tripping. Around me was a circle drawn from chalk and in front of me was a blue man wearing nothing but a rag on his hand drawing circles around himself. As I started to prepare for the rest of the trip the DMT had prepared for me the man spoke.

“Livin' easy, lovin' free

Season ticket, on a one - way ride

Askin' nothin', leave me be

Takin' everything in my stride

Don't need reason, don't need rhyme

Ain't nothing I'd rather do

Goin' down, party time

My friends are gonna be there too”
 
As I was perplexed on his words, he then started speaking in words I thoroughly could not understand. Either way this trip felt like an eternity and so while this blue man spoke, I decided to explore more of the room, expecting it to shift or tear apart. However as I started walking I felt the DMT burn out and realized I couldn’t get up. In that one second I realized I may not actually be tripping.
