Staring contest. No, it wasn't really decided that they would have one, it just happened. Death stared Jake because he had won against him. Something that had never happened before. Jake stared Death in anticipation of a reward.

"Well, Jake, that's a new," Death finally said, giving out a louder sigh.

"I figured," Jake responded, a wide grin appearing on his face. "I'm a first?"

Death was irritated, but he gave Jake his slow nod.

"So, what did I win? Will I go back to earth and continue living? Or am I going to heaven?"

Death frowned. "Neither," he hissed, "you weren't supposed to win..."

Jake raised his eyebrows. "Ah. That's reassuring." He stood up and looked around the room. It was cosy room. There was fireplace next to the chess table and everything was neatly clean. It was as he was in a royalty room during the medieval era. "Yet I did."

"Yes. You did," Death confirmed again. "What would you want?"

Jake looked towards Death and started to think. "I want to go to the heaven," he proposed.

Death sighed. "Impossible," he rejected his proposal almost instantly.

"Why?"

"You're supposed to go to hell. This can't be changed," he explained.

"What? Come on, what did I do wrong?" Jake asked.

"Well, putting the long story short, you were an ass. Your entire life."

Jake started to grin. "Well," he leaned against nearby fireplace stone. It was warm. "Life was an ass to me, as well," he protested.

"Either way, I can't change where you go. I'm Death, not Judge," Death explained.

"Wait, there's Judge?" Jake asked.

"You met her already. You just lost your memories of her," Death frowned again. Then he started to laugh. It was a creepy laugh. "You did cry the whole time like a little bitch though."

"Too... much... info!" Jake whispered.

"Sorry~," Death laughed again. "So, what do you want? Keep asking."

"I want to become your apprentice!" Jake said after a short period of thinking. Death raised his eyebrow as a response. "I did beat you in chess. Maybe I'd become better Death than you," Jake laughed.

"Maybe it was just a luck?" Death started rubbing his chin.

"Best of 3?" Jake offered the unbelievable. It's not like there was nothing for him to lose. "If I win, you'll make me your apprentice. If I lose, we'll call the previous win a fluke and I'll move on," he looked straight into Death's eyes. Jake was terrified, still, he had to do something.

"You're a smart man, Jake. This way you avoid hell," Death responded. "It's an interesting proposal. I've never felt that excited before. Plus, it gives me a chance to keep my honour as a winner."

Death rubbed his chin even more. Slowly his skin started to melt, bones showed up. Jake took few steps back, terrified of the vision. He started to realise what he had just done. It was Death after all.

"Deal. That means I'll put all of my focus into that game!" he announced and stared at Jake for him to take his seat.

Jake began to seat himself while looking at that new bone face. "Does that really includes removing your... I don't know what that is... your mask?"

"Oh, no. That's just to distract you..."

&nbsp;

***

&nbsp;

"Checkmate," Jake announced, looking now straight skull of his opponent. Quite literally. Death was leaning back, still showing the signs of his thinking. He was rubbing his chin bone.

"Damn," he whispered. "You did it. On a second game, I thought it was really a fluke..."

"Booyah!" Jake stood up and shouted. He turned around and watched Death. "Never mess with me! I'm the very best! Nobody can beat me!"

Death laughed and looked towards Jake. "Now is the moment you reveal, that you're the chess world champion or something."

"Oh, no, none of those," Jake responded. "I'm a simple man. Still better, than you, though."

Death laughed again, even though this time the laugh involved skull mouth just moving up and down. "I did beat every single chess world champion, you know? I think those were times I really did try to beat them," Death said with a nod.

"So, I have finally been beaten," the skull just looked ceiling, while Jake slowly seated himself back in his own chair. Skin started to reappear on Death's face.

Jake was confused. Death was smiling, not crying. "I remember when I won against my master, over 9 thousand years ago," he said, looking now towards Jake. "I understand now what he was feeling when I won."

He stood slowly up and took hold of his nearby scythe. It was a really sharp object. Jake had forgotten that it even was in that room.

"What are you talking about?" Jake was confused. Death should be maddened by his loss. Why is he smiling? Why did he start talking about his own victory?

"I have tried to lose every single time, just so that somebody would win, for once. Just that maybe my mad days would be over. I never managed to lose again... till now, of course."

He stood up and the room started to change. It turned into streets and buildings. People appeared out of nowhere. Busses drove through them. They were in the middle of a very busy street. Jake wasn't sure where they were, not that it mattered, at all.

"Do you see those humans, Jake?" Death said, looking around. "They *all* need to be reaped. Every... single.. one of them. Not now, but at some point."

He then suddenly slashed his scythe through a passing car, which then changed its course and crashed into another car. Death scythed its sharp blade through the other car as well. A white orbs came out of those cars and flew towards Death, entering the Scythe.

Jake was paralysed. He couldn't move. Tears burst out of his eyes and he just looked towards the car accident. People gathering around those cars. Some were even screaming. In some sense, Jake was blessed that he didn't see inside the car.

"Do you understand now Jake? This is the view you'll have to see thousands and thousands of years."

Jake fell on his knees. He still looked at the car. 

Slowly he whispered, "This is... worse than hell, isn't it? This is..."

"Death," Death said.

----

(/r/ElvenWrites - Feel free to check out for past or future writings)