“In the beginning, there was the word, and the word was with Bruce, and the word was Wayne.”

“But Grandpa, we’ve already heard Batman Begins; tell us something new!”

“Okay, okay,” the old man said and stroked his white beard.

He put the Holy DC Comic Book back in its plastic casing and picked out another one from the shelf. For hundreds of years, DC had been the only acceptable religion, and the old man wanted to make sure he passed down the stories that his ancestors had told him. He took pride in his religion and hoped that one day his grandchildren would pass it along as well.

“How about the story of Virgin Martha and the Passion of the Superman?” 

“Heard it!”

“Hmm…” the old man mused and went through the holy collection. “Maybe, the story of Aquaman and how he split the Red Sea?”

“Bo-ring!”

“Your father really liked it, growing up,” the old man said but put it back. “Very well, let’s see what else we got here…”

“I want to hear something amazing!” said one of the grandkids. 

“Yeah, something that will blow my mind!” said the other. “I’m bored of stuff like *how the Flash led the people through the desert in forty seconds* and *how Mr. Freeze turned the water into ice…*”

The old man scratched his head. He was running out of ideas.

“Maybe… this one…” he said hesitantly. “Maybe this one will do.”

If you were a hobby cyber-archeologist, you sometimes uncovered ancient texts in the strangest of places. He wasn’t sure it was morally right to read these pagan tales to his grandchildren, but he really wanted to make them happy. 

Carefully, he extracted a comic book hidden in a box under the holy shrine that was the DC shelf. The word MARVEL was printed in big white letters on a red background. Hopefully, the kids were old enough to realize that these mythological stories weren’t real like the DC ones. Hopefully, they would understand that they were from a time when people just didn’t know any better and just tried to make sense of the strange world that they lived it. 

“Okay,” he said and adjusted his reading specs. “This is the story of Wade Wilson and how he, to Thor’s great dismay, accidentally started Ragnarok…”
