Death found him. walking through the woods, the old man still walking tall and proud in his old war gear. Death had visited this man several times before. centuries from now, they would be called near death experiences. this man though, merely called them visions. Death had known, each time, that the proud man wasnt ready. his time was not up, so to speak. but now, walking through these lonely woods, the time came. Death stepped forward, retrieving his small blade from the folds of his robes, only to pause. the man had stopped, taken a deep breath, the first in a long time, it seemed. had he somehow sensed Death coming? Death Knew this to be untrue. his steps were as silent as a mouses dream. his presence undetectable, he moved to strike the proud old man. in a flash, the man was apon him, spinning around to slap Deaths hand away with the rim of his shield, coming at natures greatest force with his own seax, thrusting and slashing at Deaths robes. Death quick steps back several paces, his gaze locked on the old man in shock, then to his own bone hand. several fingers, broken. the wrist, shattered. he pauses, before speaking.  


" well, you certainly havent lost your edge. to not only Block my blade, but to knock it aside, DAMAGING my hand in the process?? remarkable. but, you know your time has come, do you not? " as he speaks, Death concentrates for only a brief moment, his hand already fixing itself. the warrior sheaths his large knife, hand instead stopping to rest on his longswords pommel. 

"aye, i do know. ive sensed you coming for days. but... i refuse. i refuse to lie down and let old age take the greatest warrior my clan has ever known. so, while i dont mean to be... improper, i simply Must die fighting." Death listens, thinking it over. "very well then. i suppose the... request, is not too out of line." with that, they reach deeper into their robes, taking several long moments to find what they need. it had been some time since he had drawn his own sword, after all! Death wields a blade three foot long, edge too fine and too sharp to be seen. the old warrior sighs, drawring his own, and they cross blades, for one final fight.