"Come, let's run away, together we can finally have it all, Johnathan. We can be free of the bounds of this world!"
Chelsey leans over to kiss me and I'm ready.....

*MEEP MEEP MEEP MEEP*
To buy a new alarm clock as this girl I have been wanting to marry since we were five, disappears from my sights and I am instead back to my gray one bedroom apartment. I begrudgingly open my eyes, as I just wish that I could tell her that she is who I wanna be with for the rest of my life. But, while I walk to my bathroom and get ready for my day, I know that the 5-5 blonde haired, blue eyed fair skinned angel would never go for this 5-9 balding redheaded gollum looking man. But I always have my dreams. Which, as a good friend always should, my mother told me, I tell her, but never what they mean in my otherwise mundane life. As I put on my Pickle Rick shirt and some cargo shorts and as always, my lucky Coors Light socks that got me my job at FS1 in the first place, my excitement to tell her at the club later tonight swells.


"And that's it for this episode, loyal listeners! The next episode of The Sports Bee with Johnathan Buzzward will be on Monday! Enjoy your weekend and we'll 'bee' on the lookout for more stories! Up next, the replay of the best sports debate show on the air, Hot Air with Cole and Joey! Send them there guys!!!"
I take off my headphones and look up as my producers are coming over the speakers, telling me what a great show it was, to see her. Chelsey Williams, God's greatest creation and I'll stand by that statement as long as I live. 
"Hey, Johnathan, you ready to go? I'm driving this week, remember? Great show by the way."
"Hey, Chels. Yeah, I'm ready to go, and I know you're driving this week, although you know you don't have to. And please, you know the only reason this show exists is thanks to your great work. Never would've came up with the sports bee title on my own."
"I don't mind driving to see Mom and Dad or your parents, who I love so much like my own. (She rolls her eyes at that line, because we both know my parents hated her because they thought that we were secretly fucking and they're very, very uppity Christian types). But seriously, I'm ready, I got a lot of complaining to do."
"Okay, bab-Chels." I realized that I almost called her babe, but I don't think she catches it because she is already halfway to the elevator doors. 
"Johnnyboy, you gonna talk to her this weekend? It's been almost 20 years man, you need to." My main producer, Corey, gives me the same speech every weekend. "You guys are perfect for each other."
"Maybe I will, Corey, maybe I will." I say that, not knowing this weekend would be different.




"So me and Nick, we're done. He's not that great in the sack and he doesn't have any personality, he was just a nice looking boy toy. I wish there were more guys like you out there, John. Anyway, anything interesting going on in your life? Any new girls? I didn't like the last one, she was way too clingy and jealous."
I'm zoned out, not knowing she's waiting for my reply. I'm thinking about the dream when she slugbug punches me in the shoulder.
"Shit, did you say something? Sorry, I was just thinking."
"I asked about your life, but that's not important. What were you thinking about?"
I look at her and say "This dream I had. It was really weird." 
And amazing and I seriously just wanted to be living in that world. I love you, Chelsey Williams. I really do, I thought to myself.
"What was it about?"
"Well, I was in a starry night room type place, and you were there. You walked in and poured your heart out to me. You told you loved me, you wanted me to be yours and I said yes."
She looked at me strange.
"Are you high, Johnathan? You know that we are best friends for like life."
"It was a dream, Chels, calm down. A really weird one at that."
So we sat in silence for about 5 minutes.
Then she looks back over at me and asks, "So what did you do after I said that we could be free from the bounds of this world?"
I am in shock at this point, because I never mentioned that.
"Uh, Chels...?"
"Yeah?"
"I never told you exactly what you said."
And then she started to break
"SHIT, SHIT, FUCKITY FUCKING FUCKER FUCK, GODDAMN IT ALL TO HELL!!!!"
I am kinda nervous at this point and I hear say "Johnathan, I'm sorry about this." And everything goes black.

I wake up in a hotel room. I look around and see the nicest room I've ever been in . I attempt to stand up, but I'm tied. To a chair.
"Uh, Chelsey????"
"Mom, I blew my cover. I fucked up by telling him a detail from a dream, he didn't know that I knew. I have to tell him the truth. Okay, I love you too. Bye."
I hear a phone click and the bathroom door opens.
"Hi, Johnathan."
"Chelsey, what's going on?"
"John, I can---"
"Oh my god, you're a Russian spy. I should've known."
"John, I'm not----"
"I mean, it makes perfect sense to me. A beautiful blonde haired girl like you should never want to be around me."
"Buzz, listen---"
"I'm in love with a Russian spy, oh my God. I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die. I'm gonna----" SMACK!
"SHUT UP FOR FIVE SECOND, JOHN! FUCK I'M TRYING TO THINK!"
She paces back and forth over the room.
She looks worried. I want to comfort her but well, I was still tied to a chair.
"Chelsey, talk to me, please."
She sighs. "Well, for starters, I'm not a Russian , so you can get that idea out of your head, and second we need to talk."
"Yeah, clearly, we do. Look, Chelsey, I wanna say this first." I take a deep breath and prepare myself. "I'm in love with you. Have been since day one. I want you and only you for all eternity. Now, that I got my part out of the way, you go next. I'd rather die full honesty between us, so..." I attempt a shrug. 
Chelsey looks at me, tears streaming down her face and sighs.
"John, I'm in love with you too. But there's a good reason I've never acted upon it, Buzzie."
"And why's that?"
"Because I'm a TimeHop."
"A what?"
"A TimeHop. In twenty years, the government will start using TimeHops, Guardian angels for future important people. I can't tell you how important you are but it's not a small town leadership you're looking at. Well, my job is to protect your from the others." 
I shake my head and look around in disbelief.
"Even if you just made a true statement in there, why not act upon the feelings?"
She sighs one last time. "Because, the penalty for a TimeHop falling for her guard and fucking said guard....."
She sighs and just blurted it out
"The penalty is Death by chopping off your body, piece by piece."
*********************************

If you want to read more, lemme know, 1st time writing in here.