"Are you crazy man what the fuck is wrong with ya bud." I reply shoving the calculator back into his desk.

"I am not delusional Jake, just meet me by the dumpster behind the school." 

Mrs. Clay continued to demonstrate how to properly intake meth and then we all sat there listening to her stories of her husband that doesn't love her and how she is on the verge of running away with Mark, her lover. 

I trudge through the cracked sidewalk when I feel a tug on my shirt. I turn to see Dan.

"What are you doing by the dumpster?" I wonder.

"You idiot I told you to meet me here for a reason." Dan says. My memory starts to clear up as I recall the scene that happened in meth class. Dan pulls out the calculator again and I begin to flail my arms screaming at him to stop and put it away.

"I need to tell you something," Dan tells me as he pulls me down to sit on the dark pavement. 

"What?" 

"I am drug free Jake. Drug free." 

"Drugs? What do you mean drugs..."

"Meth. Weed. Cocaine. Nicotine. Alcohol. None of that is in my body."

An overwhelming feeling of shock swept my body, appalled at the misconduct that Dan has set forth. I could not even imagine what the school officials would say about this. What they would do to him... He has violated every single rule there is in the school handbook. 

"Jake shh stop looking at me that way!"

I tried to snap out of my state of shock so that I could grasp any idea as to why Dan would do such a thing like this.

"I figured it all out Jake. I know what this school...all schools are trying to do with the students. They are dumbing us down, breaking our neurological pathways so that we cannot develop any creative and innovative thoughts on our own. They are slowing down our nervous system, then speeding it up in hopes of creating an ultimate crash. They want our bodies to crash and stop working Jake."

"Dude you've gotta be high."

"No. Listen to me. Have you ever heard about what happens to the students after they graduate? Have you? No. Nothing has ever been heard because by that point, their exposure to all these narcotics and substances has crafted them into this immovable lump. They're not even humans anymore."

"Why...why would you think school would even wanna do dat to us. Boy you are flippin out. Im here tryna get my fuckin education and you tryna fuckin deprive me. Throwin this crazy shit at me. Why'd the school wanna play us dirty like dat."

"Because Jake. Don't you realize. We are being replaced. All the real jobs out there are gone. They don't need to educate anyone anymore. They don't need new generations of properly educated individuals. Individuals that are exposed to real subjects like mathematics, literature, and science. They are changing history Jake. We are useless. Because jobs now are being filled by things more qualified than we will ever be."

"Things..."

"Robots, Jake. Robots." 