(-This is my first time ever trying to write a story, i hope it goes alright and isnt too bad! Also im on mobile so sorry if it looks trash too-)



Roughly 129 years after the first genetically manipulated child was born, CRISPR research reached a zenith in terms of what humans could do with genetic editing. Whether it be maple trees to elephants we toyed with their fundamental code, much like babies learning to use their hands. And sure, there were the mistakes and blunders, killer squirrels, being the predominant detail cited in history books.  The only thing stopping us from playing with our own species was what most called international law- BUT don’t mistake it for something other than what it was, which was fear.   

However, inevitably, there are some who bravely don’t listen to the rules, and on May 27, 2167 the first genetically engineered child was born, with an intellect rivaling even the intelligence of whales. 

years of civil unrest and war eventually ensued, genetically engineered super humans versus inferior people... you already know who came out on top.. you all remember!

However, Just the things that the anti-edit politicians of old underestimated was the human aptitude for love, and peaceful advancement. They underestimated the value of superior intelligence. WORST OF ALL THEY UNDERESTIMATED YOU! 

And Today ladies and gentlemen, 172 years after our victory, i present you with the THE U.E.M. INTRE-/



Captain Zander defeatedly motioned the video to close, how many times had he woken up to that blaring in his quarters?

“some morale booster that is” he grumbled

The video was akin to a bugle call, what old earth militaries used to wake soldiers up. It was a recording of the unveiling of the U.E.M. INTREPID built hard coded into the ships operating system  by the Tesla corporation to help soldiers remember the glory and people of what they were so far away from as soon as they were meant to wake, but it just became a nuisance by the 3rd day since our first jump

Zander rose from his padded survival pod, noting the rumble of the ship as it entered the rift. 

He moved to his closet and inspected his United Earth Military uniform before he slipped it on noticing the slightly frayed left armpit stitching, 

“PERfect.” He said, “ Janice for all humanities prowess with technology somehow we couldn’t invent clothing that doesn’t wear out?!” 

“Of course you could but you know that would be a waste for resources captain” janice, the ships AI expressed through his cortical implant

Emerging from his Quarters, he looked loaded into the nearest lift matrix and made his way to the bridge.

escaping the confines of the stark white ship he stepped into the bridge, an incredible command center not only for its technological advancement but its beauty. Domed Ceilings and walls covered in view screens showing the universe around them, The colorful control terminals, the intricate displays on them, and the beautiful people working behind them. A breath of fresh air in deep space.

He sat in the captains chair and swiveled to face his crew just as the ship penetrated the regular space barrier and advanced warnings systems to report an unidentified ship coming towards them at high speed.

“Riley, report!”

First officer Riley sounded off “Sir, According to scans the ship appears to be relatively in-advanced with no discernible engine or weapons system aboard..but  it is using quantum super positioning shielding! I recommend we raise shields and power up weapons.”

“I agree, raise all defenses Riley and alert me when fully powered. Mckay! I want visual on that ship now!”

As he said that he began to see the familiar pink glow of super positioning shielding. Primitive but effective- but to Zander’s surprise as the view panels gained focus instead of seeing a ship of glimmering metal he saw a mass of stone boulders covered in foreign inscription writhing around a center column with creatures performing acts around it.

And one of them waved. 



(-sorry its late here and i need to go to bed, but I’m going to finish it in a part two tomorrow! Id appreciate it if you read it and wanted to leave comments, im kind of excited to see what anyone has to say.-)





 

