She's whisper soft as she walks, knife held loosely in her hand. Weaving through the crowd is easier with every step, a rhythm to the heartbeat of the crowd, the movement of the pack. 

Helena's never been one for dramatics, but there's something calming in the way the knife slides into skin as she covers their mouth with her hand. The body slumps after a long, heavy moment, blood pumping out from the hole she'd made right under the armpit, sluicing over her knife, over her hand. 

The crowd stops and she laughs, looking up to see which face he's wearing this time. Death's never worn the same one twice and he doesn't disappoint, tall and middle aged, nondescript in the way a generically handsome man can be. His eyes are dark, black holes with the void clamouring behind them, screaming for something. 

"That's the fourth one this week." He said, nose wrinkling as he looks down at the blood by his boots. "You're getting messier."

"I didn't ask for a critique, Mort."

"You didn't have to." He slides his hood back, kneeling in the blood by the body that's slowly crumpling to the ground, the cobblestones underneath slippery and warm. "This isn't like Andy."

"This is always like Andy. You were there, you saw- you saw his face. You saw what he was doing."

He was laughing, when he died. The train was fast and he was holding on and then he wasn't and she almost lost her grip, almost fell too until she felt a hand on her wrist and looked up to see-

"Both deaths were needless. I broke the rules once. I don't deserve this." He mutters to himself, carefully unweaving the soul from the body. It comes free in fits and bursts, clinging to his fingers like so much unspooled wool. This one's orange, a deep and dark burnt colour. What had he done in life, she wondered? What colour would she be? 

He opens his mouth and then it was gone, the void behind his eyes flashing gold, just for a moment. 

It was what she fell in love with, to be honest. The possibility of what was beyond him. What he could become, if only he'd let her help. 

"I deserve you." She says, voice steady even as her hand shakes. She's not done yet. She hasn't seen everything, doesn't know what colour she's supposed to be looking for and when Death finally turns to her it's Mort hiding behind the masque of someone else. Another face. Another body. 

"You don't deserve Death, sweetheart. You can't die."

"And whose fault is that?" She asks, defiant, ponytail brushing past her cheek as she shakes her head, stepping forward. "You did this to me. I'm not leaving you. I can't-"

"Yes, you can." He says, his voice deceptively soft, his eyes a void flashing with gold and orange and blue, green at the edges, yellow in the seams. "And one day, I'll figure out how you will."