“I-invisible?” I cried in exasperation. She laughed slightly. 

“Yes. You didn’t know. How could you not?” She asked me. 

“What do you mean I’m invisible?” I asked her still in shock. 

“No one can see you?” She looks at me as if I’m joking but I could guarantee this was no laughing matter. “People don’t see you... ever have someone freak out if you carried something or brush past them?”

I thought back to all these months of what felt like total isolation in this bustling city. Every stoic expression in my direction, every scream as I neared or touched someone. Even the cashier at the check out line panicking as I attempted to pay for that watermelon last week. Suddenly everything made sense. I assumed the accident had something to do with it. Never did I expect it to have made me invisible. 

“I thought people thought I looked different after the accident...” my voice trailed off. I was talking to myself more than this strange woman. 

“It’s alright. I was confused at first too. I mean how could it be possible. It was the most heart breaking thing too. I lost so much.” She explained. Suddenly a small female voice sounded, more prominent than the other voices of the crowd. 

“Mommy! I told you you’d find him!” She came running through the crowd brushing past a few pedestrians causing them to shiver or look around. 

“I gained so much too.” The strange woman wrapped an arm around the little girl. “I was pregnant at the time of my accident. None of us thought that she’d be invisible too.”

“Us?” I asked. 

“Yeah. We’ve got a whole community. Actually this little squirt is the one that caused them to send scouts for you. The watermelon incident. That put on quite the show. She found the people’s reactions so funny so she followed you around for a bit and realized that you’re also invisible.” The women hugged the girl closer to her side. “Come with us. You won’t feel alone or ignored again.”

The thought of being able tot talk to people again was more than enough to convince me. It’s not easy living in total isolation. I gladly grabbed the little girl’s outstretched hand and followed them to a group of people just like me. 