I'm surprised that you haven't heard about it by now, but I suppose another retelling can't heard.

So here's the deal; every instant someone travels through time, a pocket universe is created. It's in that pocket universe that all of our actions impact, so that nothing in our future actually changes. Everyone is equipped with a wrist interface that you can use at any time to bring yourself back to our original time. Fast forward to when the games were devised, and some ground rules were laid out; 

Points are awarded based on creativity and how much the crowd enjoyed the kill. You'd think it would be easy, but you'd be surprised at how numb the crowd gets to watching the same man die over and over again. When I entered last year, I knew that I was gonna have to be pretty damn artistic with my method. So I began hatching a plan.

You see, everyone has a camera that the audience is able to watch through. Don't ask me how the science of a signal transcending through time works, it just does. So everyone was shocked as they saw me, now posing as one of his guards after a lengthy effort to create an identity, asking him if I could borrow his attention. 

See, people don't realize that he wasn't an especially hateful man- at least, not towards his own people. He was just probably the biggest fucking racist to walk the face of the earth. I knew that I was probably on solid terms with him, so I had no fear. Quite casually I might add, he accepted my invitation, and accompanied me on a small walk through a garden near his residence.

"My führer," I began, "what do you see coming out of this? This war you've so brilliantly been winning?"

He looked at me in surprise, astonished that anyone could be questioning his reasoning. After reasserting his facial features, I remember him answering, "I see a world where our beloved people are on top, ruling over everything, as it should be."

He then cocked an eyebrow and posed the same question; "But tell me guard, what do you see?" I'm sure he was trying to figure out if I was a traitor or something, but he didn't expect the smile that crept across my face as he asked.

"Well, it's not a matter of thinking, but rather a matter of knowing." I knew that everyone was watching me back home, wondering what the hell I was about to do. I grabbed his arm, and before he could react, I reached my free hand over to touch my wrist interface.

In a flash, we were back here in the present, right on the return pad in the middle of the event's square. He shoved me off of him, and turned to call out or something, but he stopped. He simply stared all around at the environment around him, taking it all in. His chin began to tremble slightly, and he looked like he was about to break down.

Think about it; if you traveled to the future just to find that everyone wanted to kill you, how would you react?

Strung up were the usual "Kill Hitler" banners, and around us were the crowds, sitting in stands, watching a massive monitor upon which you could see through my camera. Kids in the stands held cardboard props of Hitler's face with a bullseye on his forehead.

He took it all in and said nothing, but I leaned in anyway and whispered, "Welcome to the future."

Then I turned to the crowd around me and yelled, "He's all yours!" 

It was truly a beautiful sight, to see so many people flooding in from the stands, stampeding over to have their way. See, not everyone was ever gonna be able to compete in the games, not everyone would be able to have Hitler die at their hands; I gave them that chance.

I meandered away from the epicenter where the crowd reached Hitler, and promptly began to tear him apart. All of their rage, their hatred at what this man had done was expressed in their actions as pieces of him flew everywhere, an eyeball here, an entrail there. By the time the crowd dispersed, there was nothing left of him but a massive bloodstain on the pad, and bits of flesh that were too small to be truly noticeable.

I don't think anyone's gonna top my win for a long time.
