 "Never hire humans" is a standard "no duh" statement across the universe. But by galactic standards, humans are cheap. So an alien overlord has just hired 500 humans to work on his personal resort colony. And things start going horribly wrong.  
There was a fight at the entrance of the staff hotel, that was how I found out the humans had arrived. Two of the women had actually left tufts of each other’s hair, a highly blonde girl, the other with black hair, on the pavement around them. The other Earthlings were all standing around them in a moving circle. The ring of people moved to give space to the fighting girls.  


And suddenly there was more than just hair flying around, the first blouse had gone and a bright red bra covered ample breasts, pale and near white. One of the nipples had found its way to the edge of the bra and was now shaken in and out of the cup.  
That got the attention of some out-worldly guests and the circle was fast getting larger and larger. The two fighting girls noticed they had an audience and the fight became a show, a good show, I had to think about bringing it on. But if I did not act now all hell would come and see us soon. I waved to one of the security guards, a bright green lad from Thaig. Close to three meters tall, big and muscular, he should be able to stop the near epic battle. The Thaig are big and green and people mistake them for not too clever. Ro here was very clear about his mission, do as the boss says and keep the guests out of trouble at all times. When I told him the two women were staff and not guests, he simply walked into the ring of people and grabbed one of the women by her T-shirt, the other one by her skirt, there was no T-shirt left. He walked through the double doors of the entrance and sat the near naked girl in a sofa, carried the other one to the counter. One look from Ro’s bright red eyes was enough for both of them to become very quiet.  


He told the hairy woman behind the counter to find very separate rooms for the two girls. “Very separate, you get it?”  


“Yes, sir” the woman looked like an ape, but wasn’t, got two electronic tablets. She wore a brassiere and a small skirt, but in fact did not need any of those. Her race knew no shame; sex was for those people like socializing was for most others.  


Slowly the rest of the Earthlings I had hired entered the lobby and the lady behind the counter hit a bell to call in more staff. The three men in the group seemed to be the leaders and they claimed larger rooms for themselves.  


As I walk over to the counter, the fighting girl thinks I am human too and greets me with a nod and a smile. She is just waiting for her turn now, but still seems upset about something. I sit down next to her and look at her face.  


I tell her to wait here and get up and book a room for her.  
When I sit down next to her again, I show her the photographs of the room and she tells me her budget does not allow for that room all by herself. “I was supposed to share a room with Margaret, but that must be out of the question now.” She says.  


“Just take the room for now. If your little fight does not get settled we will work something out. What is your name, so I can register you?”  
“My name is Mary, Mary Leeds, I am from Leeds, in England, Earth. And yes, I know that sounds funny to some.”  


Ro is standing around like a body guard while I invite Mary for a drink at the bar. I want to have a talk with this lady and find out what the fight was all about. But Mary gets up and leaves. We could not use any trouble, and I hired humans, and that means I hired trouble!  


When Mary got to her room she opened her door and went into the bathroom. Her clothes were of in a flash, just a bra and a skirt, and she had a long shower.  


She got dressed more fully now, ready for dinner in the staff restaurant. Ro was there too, standing last in line to get his tray of food. She filed in after him, and since Ro was the only person she knew, she sat down across from him, with her own tray.  


They had dinner together, but did not talk much. The table was low for Ro, and a little high for Mary. Ro found her another chair and explained the chairs for the staff had different heights to accommodate the different species, but he never found one to fit his size.  


His laugh rumbled and it was a pleasant sound, it made her laugh too.  
After dinner they went over to the bar. Ro ordered a beer, looked at Mary. When she nodded he ordered another beer of his planet.  
Mary was sure they would be great friends. Her petite frame was nothing compared to the giant green body of Ro, but she felt good around him.  


They went up to their rooms and Mary was wondering if the two species would be able to interact sexually, then she asked herself if he would be too big for her. Then she flushed with the thought that he would be too heavy for her … and looked at a smiling, green face, with ears that glowed in an even brighter green.  


When I walked past Mary’s room later that evening I could hear hiring 500 humans to work in the colony did mean trouble, big trouble…  
 