ou see, I'm not actually a Grim Reaper. I don't have a skull for a face, or a scythe. All I do is deliver the souls to their proper place. I don't even kill people. People kill people. Animals kill people. The world kills people. But I don't kill people. I'm just doing my job. 

Once, the world had been full of colors. Pastel atmospheres of countless planets and bright yellow stars covered the universe, dirty dark-chocolate brown rocks orbiting larger ones, all spiraling in a confused mass of delicious colors. 

It was the colors that had made my job more enjoyable and less stressful, that lightened the weight of thousands, millions of souls every second, minute, hour, day, week, month, year, century, millennium, rotation of the universe. Billions upon billions of souls, the demand was constant and there was no rest. Thankfully, I didn't really have much better to do. The colors also helped me ignore the fact that every time I took one soul, I left many more behind, to grief and misery. I drowned them out with the delicious colors. 

But now the world was dark. There was only a deep, inky black, the color the squids used to make, and the soupy color of a pen on paper. The color of the book I carried near to my linear, cold, inhuman heart. 

But that book is a different story. It is a story about a young girl in Nazi germany, a book thief, a word shaker and an accordion. This is the story of the Last Day of The World. 

As I sat in the darkness, I saw one more, final color. It was a color that surpassed all previous colors I had ever seen, that evoked more emotion than any being I had before encountered. It was indescribably exquisite, and despite being the ultimate color connoisseur, I was struck with a sense of wonder. That color was Life. 

"Hello," it said. "We did a good job, didn't we? I hope you enjoyed all my colors."

The color's voice was rich and melodious, unlike my dry, tired voice. It was overwhelmingly pleasing, to sit and absorb that color, Life. After all the horrors I had to look upon without a second glance, always rushing to the next shredded body to lift up their soul to the sky, always moving on, telling myself not to look back, I finally had a chance to sit and appreciate the beauty of life and the colors it had enabled to spring up in the world. 

"Thank you for the colors. And the people. But now, it is time for the End. It is time for us to go." 

And so Life willingly came with me, and we ascended into the the Great Silence to rest forever in nothingness, and in our absence, the colors finally faded. It was the end. 


