Let's get one thing straight. All the shit you hear about our powers being tied to prayers? That's just bullshit. Sure, my water might taste a little like prune juice instead of wine, but that's just practice. When was the last time I was desperate for a drink? Not since the bronze age, I'll tell you that. Good times...

Anyway, it's been a while someone called for me, millenia really. Doubt anyone even remembers me anymore. It's not so bad, sure it gets a little quiet and empty here being the last of Old Ones, but I made up for it with kickass parties with the Greeks. Eventually, they left too. So, for a century or two, I simply sat and watched until I decided, if you can't beat 'em, join' em, right? I was already spending my days watching mortals and their various forms of entertainment, so think I got the gist of it. 

I really wasn't making it easy for myself, living life as Charles Henstridge of 21 Willow Street, bank manager and your friendly neighborhood bachelor. The last one wasn't be choice, I just really don't wanna pull a Zeus. By mortal standards, I had it pretty well: nice house, pretty neighborhood, nosy neighbors, white picket fence. It took a little getting used to it all, and suppressing my powers, but I eventually got into the flow of things that I even sometimes forgot to check the prayer stone I always kept in my pocket out of habit. Like a pager or something, I don't know, wasn't my idea. It's stupid and a habit, but I couldn't let go of the one thing that really helped me remember who I once was and what I did for mortals. 

Okay, so here's where it gets interesting. So I was in my pajamas on a Saturday, my hands in my pants while I'm on the couch, as my mind scrolled through Netflix, like any single man in his 30s was known to do. The stone was in my pocket as usual, as ignored as your draft dodging grandpa telling his war stories. That's when it buzzed. For a second, I thought it was my phone, but it was on the table in front of them. My limbs flail as I forget how to run like a mortal, my hands groping for the stone. When my trembling fingers finally reach for it, I hear something I haven't heard in a long time. A girl's voice cuts through the fog of my mind, and I hear her cry for help.

The TV bursts onto static, but I sprint for the door in my pajamas until I realize my Prius is still in the shop after that bear took it for a joyride into a biker bar. Don't ask, just don't. 

Instead, I run across the lawn to discarded bike of one moody, preteen Morgan. Hopping onto the flame red contraption with the stone still hand I took off down the street with the voice only getting louder by the minute, till I couldn't hear myself think, and I was in front of suburban another house in Odin knows where. Dropping the stone back into my pocket, I smooth out my pyjamas before ringing the doorbell.

I honestly had a whole song and dance prepared till I realized it was a kid. A little, mortal child with long brunette hair covering her confused face, "someone call for a God?" 

She was obviously the shy type, as little Stephanie, my mind helpfully supplied, nodded vigorously before taking my hand and dragging me inside. I could see the mix of uncertainty and awe in her eyes through the glances she stole while we made our way through her tastefully decorated home.

"Well, here I am, kid. So what do you need? Superpowers? Money? World domination? I can do it all," Damn, I really needed to keep that desperation out of my voice. Stephanie shook her head, her uncertainty forgotten once we reached her kitchen, where she handed me a jar of strawberry jam. 

Seriously? A fucking jar? Y'know I once built mountains and raised armies? Fuck it, but I guess we all have to start somewhere. She doesn't notice me sigh as I twist open the jar with absolute ease, smirking when I hear her burst into excited giggles. 

She sits down on the counter and my hands finish the rest of the PB&J with practiced ease. I ask her about her school and life, and the once shy girl giggles again, telling me I should know it all if I'm God. I tell her I'm an old one, so even I need help on some days. We chat as she eats, and I even help with her homework till there's a pleasant lull in the conversation, and I know it's time leave. She knows it too, and rushes to hug me, "Thank you for staying with me today. I had a lot of fun." That's when I realized that it awakened something in me that I missed for a very long time: what it felt to be needed, treasured, and loved, something I know Stephanie could relate. Absently, I wipe my eyes on my sleeve, "call me anytime, and I'll come running." 

She nods vigorously again, and I smile as I head towards her front door. "I prayed for any God. How will I find you?" 

I pause, turning back to Stephanie with the happiest smile in a very long time, and lift my head up high, "Call me Faenerian. Faenerian the True."

 With a final wave, I opt to give her a show and vanish with a snap of my fingers; leaving the discarded bike on her front lawn, 'cause fuck Morgan that annoying, little shit. 

(Thank you if you made it all the way to the end. This is the first story I've ever submitted here after lurking for so long. There's probably a lot of errors in it, especially since I typed it on my phone. Despite being a novice in writing fiction, I would love to write out proper stories for the numerous ideas buzzing in my head, but for now, I'd be grateful for your thoughts, advice, and constructive criticism.)