When you first laid eyes on her, your heart stopped.

She was by far the most beautiful, exquisite thing you had ever seen. The rest of the world didn't seem to think so- when they passed her by their faces turned to looks of revulsion, of horror. Mothers hurried their children away from her and dogs growled and led their masters away, tails between their legs despite their protectiveness. She cleared a path where she went, parting the Red Sea of nameless bodies as her heels clicked on the ground. And yet she had you transfixed. Your mouth ran dry and sensations pooled in your stomach, running down lower as she turned to look at you, arching an eyebrow before smiling and oh god, you must have died because surely such beauty couldn't possibly exist.

(You know what this feeling is, you have felt it before but never like this, never this strong, never for something that moved like this. It made you feel alive).

You swallowed, then smiled meekly, waving at her and her smile grew into a grin that made you weak at the knees before she waved back. She paused, as if looking for something, then reached down into a purse she had hanging by her side and pulled out a cell phone. You couldn't hear her, not over the din of city life, but you were sure whatever voice she had would be honey sweet with just a hint of spice, considering the way she carried herself. She paused, said a few more words, then closed her phone before looking back at you with a wink and heading off down the sidewalk.

You had half a mind to follow her but you couldn't move, couldn't speak, could barely even breathe before she was gone. And like that you were alone again.

But the feelings stuck with you.

~~~~~

The next time you saw her she was in a small local Cafe you sometimes visited. You tried to keep out of routines and habits. But you had been scoping out the place for a while now. The owner was a young Arabic man, and he worked mostly by himself preparing small sandwiches and other simple meals. The food itself was only okay, but his coffee was sublime- rich and dark, but with a hint of an exotic spice. The man himself was not too bad either, if a bit warm and lively for your tastes.

(You would fix that eventually.)

But then she came in, and your thoughts went out the window. You hadn't expected to see her again, to be honest. Her memory had burned into you, and you had cursed yourself for not following her as soon as you could. But you had accepted that she was gone, and besides, there were other ways to find beauty like hers in this world.

(Could any of them compare though, to her?)

The owner didn't seem to share your opinion of her, grimacing as she walked in but quickly hiding it behind a professional blankness. Something hot and angry coiled in you at that, and you grit your teeth and clenched your fists around the spoon in your hand before willing yourself into calm through sheer force of will. And then you blinked, wondering what had just happened.

You'd always had more self control than that.

In your thoughts you didn't notice *her* approaching you until she was pulling out the chair across from the table you were sitting at and placing herself in it. And then suddenly, you didn't know what to do. She was staring at you, expectantly, like she was waiting for you to say something.

"Uh." You choked out, before cringing. Great first impression there, buddy. 'Uh'.

Despite that in front of you she laughed, and it was hearty and full and god her voice was just as amazing as you thought it would be. It danced out of her lips, ruby red against pale skin. Your face flushed, and you looked away out of embarrassment before your eyes snapped back to her as she spoke.

"Now you... you are an interesting person, aren't you?" She smiled, gold irises fluttering behind black lashes as she placed a cup of coffee in front of her. She reached for the creamer and sugar, tearing the packets open with infinite precision and silver nails as she continued. "Most people recoil at the sight of me but you, you were transfixed."

"W-well anyone would be!" You stammered, and before you could stop yourself you whispered,"You're so... beautiful..." Your face couldn't possibly be more hot, and there was that feeling again that made you squirm. Something about this woman made you lose your self control, and though you would normally balk at the idea somehow you didn't mind.

"Oh my...!" Her eyes widened, before she laughed again. "You aren't the first to see me as attractive, darling." She purred, and your breath hitched at the word 'darling'. "But few see me the way you do. Most people that don't see me as an absolute monster see me as more of a motherly figure that will take their pain away, or that of an innocent young girl greeting them into the next life. You on the other hand, find me attractive in *that* sort of way, don't you?"

You were going to die. You were actually going to die here if she kept talking like that. Her fingers wrapped around a small teaspoon as she stirred her coffee, white cream and grainy sugar blending in with rich black in intricate swirls. You focused on the sight, if only to look away from her face long enough to speak. "Y...yeah..."

She smiled, and you looked up to see that her eyes were lidded. And then suddenly she was reaching forward grabbing one of your hands (trembling, you hadn't noticed), and you realized with sudden clarity that they were cold, cold like the dead, cold like-

"You and I..." She purred, drawing circles in your palm. "...are going to have an interesting relationship." She leaned closer, till her face was in yours and you could smell the scent of grass and flowers and candles and something else, something entirely her. And then, she moved in to your ear, her voice barely a whisper.

*"See you tonight."*

By the time you broke out of your stupor she was out of the shop, her coffee the only proof she had ever existed.

~~~~~

The next time you were at the cafe it was night and it was closed. Not that it mattered to you, really. In fact, you had planned for this for a while. The cafe was out of the way. This part of the neighborhood was abandoned, usually. And yet the owner's car was still parked in the back, like it usually was. One of the drawbacks of working in a place on your own was having to stay late to make sure things were ready for the next morning. But no matter. He wouldn't have to worry about that soon.

You made your way to the second floor. The lock was easy enough to pick, and the owner hadn't been on the first floor. Your hands shook with anticipation, but you willed yourself back into calm again. You were so close, no need to blow it now.

(You had waited for so long for this.)

Slowly, painfully, you toed your way up the stairs, your heart beating faster at the sound of footsteps ahead of you, of faint Arabic and tea cups. You reached behind you and pulled out the knife that had served you so faithfully all those years, since the very beginning, since your brother's mice to your neighbor's dog and now to this, the cumulation of your desires.

(You had told yourself long ago that this is enough, the animals were enough but it never was, you needed this, you needed more like you needed air and this was it, *this was it-*)

~~~~~

Anger.

Tension.

Release.

~~~~~

Your breath heaved and you dropped the knife as you looked down at your work. You were messy, so messy, but it was worth it. More than worth it, you realized, as *she* came to mind. The way he had looked at her had made you so angry and this... this had felt good. You had been planning this anyways, but that extra touch had made it even sweeter. And there was something more to this too, more than before, something about this being a human had made it different…

You idly realized you didn't know this man's name. And then, quickly, you realized you didn't care.

Because it wasn't about the man, wasn't it? Not that he was bad looking. Like this, without the gross warmth of life. It was always about that last part, about how they looked still, and cold-

*Cold.*

You fell still, shaking, that strange warmth filling you, and this time you did fall on your knees, above the owner, and your hand made its way to his cheek, cupping it, and it was already cold-

Her hand reached back, threading into your hair, and suddenly she was there, under you, smiling back.

*"Hello again, darling."*

Your lips meet.

~~~~~

"What do you want?" She whispered, hot in your ear. *"What do you want?"*

To become one with you. To feel you, to have you feel me, to feel at all.

"Is that why you're in love with me?" She smiled against your lips.

God yes. You make me feel alive. Is that what love is?

(The knife was in your hands, against your skin, digging deeper, deeper.)

I want to be with you forever.

She smiled, gold eyes gleaming. "And now you shall."

Your lips meet again, and they’re cold, like the dead, like death.

(Like heaven.)

~~~~~

((AN: My first post on this sub! I might come back and do some formatting work to this, so there may be some edits on that front (nothing content wise, just formatting)))