Startled by the question, woefully unprepared to respond to the fisherman so quickly, Jesus motions for him to follow and begins to walk toward the water in the distance. “Jesus?” he thought to himself. Knowing he must be careful to leave as little impact on the past as possible, he begins to speak to the man. 


“Child, I was away reflecting on the actions of men, and their willingness to cause pain and anguish on their fellow man. The greed and lust in this land makes me weep, can they not see what the lord has planned for them?” Jesus said as he stopped and turned toward the man. “What sins have you committed child? Let us together pay to the Lord in Heaven and ask for forgiveness together so that you can be saved.”


“I have committed no murder, I have kept no false gods, and I have not stolen. I live to serve you and speak your words. The only sin I have committed is that when I saw you, I did not believe you to truly be the Jesus I had remembered. It has been many months since I last saw you.” The Fisherman paused, and he knelt his head looking at the ground. There was a long silence while the man prayed. This brief break allowed Jesuits take a survey of the area. It’s a warm day, and the smell of animals is strong in the air, the pair are standing on a small hill above a wide river. It was jarring because nothing looked like he and his team had imagined it would look. None of them had come back this far yet, and for nothing as dangerous as this. Samuel was chosen for this particular research mission because of his command of the Arabic languages, and that based on the historical data at the time, was the closest match to what people were to have looked like at the time. He had never intended on being mistaken for Jesus of Nazareth himself however, and this lead to the predicament he was in at the moment. He only has 12 hours before the machine will rip him from the past and place him back in the future. He needs to limit his exposure to the natives of the time to reduce his watermark on the future. The fisherman began to stand again.


“Come, Let us continue.” Jesus said to the man. They again began to walk in silence toward the edge of a village situated along the river. In the distance there was a hand full of small huts as well as dozens scattered tents. In the center there was a large building, and in the river, many fishing boats. There couldn’t have been more than 800 people in the village and yet it seemed both large, and, important. The First thing Samuel noticed as they came into the village was the presence of soldiers, just a handful but it was indeed an unexpected sight. As they walked though the village toward the large building Samuel began to notice the small crowd of people that had begun to follow they though the streets. At first he believed that it was just a coincidence but he was sure that they were following him at this point. 


“Great, just what I didn’t need, a crowd.” he thought to himself. “What do I do now?”


Jesus turned and spoke quietly to the fisherman “Can you please turn the followers away, I need to rest, and I do not have the energy to speak with them now.” 


The fisherman looked confused by this but dutifully asked for privacy, and the crowd mostly dispersed, and Jesus entered the building, and the fisherman followed.


“How did they know I was coming?” he asked.


The fisherman replied”We had been told you were coming by a messenger about 2 weeks ago. The messenger said that you would be traveling here with 3 of your disciples. We have been waiting for your arrival, there are many who are sick in this village. There are many who desire miracles and who would rejoice at your arrival. We had all but given up hope that you would come. Some had even begun to curse you for forsaking us. I never gave up my faith. I have walked that road looking for you every day. Today I saw you and I knew you would be able to help us, help me.”


“Shit, not only do they think I am Jesus, they expect miracles too? I am in trouble now, I need to figure a way out of this and bide my time until the machine pulls me back forward in time.” Samuel thought


“Jesus, I must ask you for a favor first however, it’s my Son.” the fisherman pleaded”He is very ill and he is all I have left. My wife died giving birth to him, and without him, will have no purpose left in the mortal world. I beg you please heal my son, please help my son” 


Before Jesus could react the fisherman stood up and bolted out of the temple. Jesus sat there knowing there was no miracle he could perform that would save the child; he also knew he could not fail. His only option was to escape unnoticed. Quickly he stood and searched for a back exit or another way out opposite from the direction the fisherman had just run. Quickly he located a passageway toward the rear of the building, and he began to walk that way. As he passed though the archway a new voice came to him. 


“Jesus? Where are you going?” the voice asked, Jesus stopped in his tracked and slowly turned around.


“Are you not going to help Job’s son, or are you the fraud that I deliver you are?” the man asked. Jesus wasn’t sure how to respond. “I had heard you were coming to this village, and saw this as my best opportunity to prove you as the fraud you really are.”


“I don’t understand, who are you and what is the meaning of this?” Jesus asked.


The man came out from the shadows, he looked to be in his late 40’s gray hair, but the strong shoulders highlight the lie in his appearance of a man of faith. “These things you do, these, miracles. They are nothing but wild imagination of simple folk. I see though the illusion, and I see you for what you are, a false prophet and a crook. I will prove it to the world and put an end to your ruse.” the man growled. 


Just as Jesus began to reply Job comes bursting in the main entry with his young child in his arms, and with what appears to be the entire village at his back. Jesus slowly turns toward the door and as he does the man from the shadows quietly says “Save the child, prove you are who you say you are, or you won’t walk out of this town as a free man, me, and my men will see to that.”


Samuel began to walk toward Job panic quickly setting in…

Edit: a couple letters, and grammar issues...
