Hands cracked and bleeding, bandaged with dirtied strips of cloth torn from the chiton he wore the man pulled himself over cold, jagged stone. His movement solemn and indomitable, his face expressionless he hefted himself up the sheer mountain face. 

The mountain winds, cold and merciless, tore at his body seeking to cast him free into the maw of the world below him. He fought their hold, anchoring his weathered fists into fissures until the gusts subsided, and then continuing onward. Thunder growled menacingly above bolstering his resolve.

Every muscle in his body begged for release, his hands screamed in pain, skin cracked and numbed by cold cried for warmth. The man silenced their gibbering cries and instead heard one from memory. The sobbing, the pain present in her voice as he cradled her. "He came with the storm at night, and I could not escape." Burying her face in his chest she continued to cry her tears soaking his skin.

He stopped in his ascent, consumed by the memory his hands halted their progress and strained to move. The man's teeth ground together in anger and pain as a scream began to gather in his tired lungs. Before it could release another memory came unbidden to his mind.

... 

Her hands held behind his neck her body pressed close to him, the swell of her stomach even more apparent now. She no longer cried every night but the pain remained wrapped in her eyes no matter how she tried to hide it from him.

"Don't go," she whispered, "You cannot challenge them. They will destroy you."

Gently his hands pressed into her shoulders, and he reluctantly pushed her back to gaze into her beautiful but haunted eyes.

"I can suffer them no longer," he replied, "The pain they wreak upon us must end."

His hand then reached down to caress her stomach, "You both will be cared for in my absence. My brother's have assured me neither of you shall want."

He saw the hesitation in her eyes. "I must do this." He said.

Seeing the resolve in his eyes, her own teared over spilling down her cheeks, "Go then." her voice thick with emotion she continued, "But I beg you, return to me."

The lie perched heavy on his tongue, yet still he worked it past his teeth. "I shall." 

As he turned to leave, he stated one last time with all the emotion and honesty he could parcel into the words, "I love you, -

...

The last he whispered aloud which was snatched away by the vicious wind and carried upward into the heavens. Thunder from above again growled in warning. The man glared upward and saw a gust of wind reveal a lip to the rock face.

The summit.

To Be Continued...

  
