James had spent his entire life knowing he would love a Kaitlyn and die at the hands of a Caitlyn.
 He never knew which one was good and which one would end him and that question haunted his soul, throughout his childhood he was kept away from both types of Kate so when he had his freedom in university, he started dating Caitlyn.

They were happy and had a great life together, she was the reason he had many of his firsts. His first-time scuba diving was at Cabo San Lucas in the spring break of their Freshman year. His first time eating Anchovie pizza was after they had taken their finals junior year, and when he went to the hospital to see a loved one after an accident for the first time was also for Caitlyn.

James and Caitlyn loved each other and had the closest bond any two people could have, he had been her first and once they were living together in the big city after college, they found out they were going to become parents and be able to share their love with a child.
That night James took her out to a romantic dinner and went down on one knee begging her to be his wife "Kate, I have never loved someone as intensely as I love you, when we're separated I feel physically sick so now that we're having a baby I want to make this official. Marry me and make me the happiest man in this city?"

And as they celebrated they began to plan an engagement party to showcase their love to the families. James' family was fully supportive and were even going to help with the wedding, Caitlyn, on the other hand, was having some issues with inviting her loved ones.

Caitlyn had never spoken much about her family as she had become estranged from her family after her parents divorced during the beginning of her freshman year, but she knew that her mother had remarried and she now had a nineteen-year-old stepsister she never bothered to get to know.  After much pleading from James, she finally agreed to get into contact with her family and include them in the plans.

All was going well for the James and the night for the engagement party was here, he was excited to finally meet the people who made the love of his life, He met all the families with smiles and joy but when they were greeting the families James saw her; a woman as beautiful as his Caitlyn, she had fiery red hair, a smouldering intensity that made him squirm,a body that could put models to shame and most importantly, She was Caitlyin's nineteen-year-old stepsister. As she went through the greeting line James locked eyes with her and found the detail that would send his life towards a downward spiral; her name was Kaitlyn.

In the months before the wedding, James' self-doubt began to grow, every night when he would lay with Caitlyin he would think "did I choose the wrong one?" or "am I making a mistake?" and that stress led them to fight more frequently. A week before the wedding as the tensions in their relationship peaked James shared what his names were and how he was worried about making a mistake but his bride reassured him and he was able to forget about the stress until the ceremony.

And on the morning as they were to be married at the chapel on top of the highest building in the city he even felt comfort, he went to the stand and stood there with the priest, his eyes nervously scanning the crowd. But as he saw Kaitlyn sit he began to doubt himself, he was not calm again until Caitlyn started coming down the aisle, looking the most beautiful he had ever seen her and as they exchanged vows he was calm. 

But when the priest looked at him and asked: "Do you, James Mahoney, take Caitlyn  Stravinsky to be your lawfully wedded wife, till death do you apart?" he felt too much doubt and said, "I don't". Caitlyn went white as a sheet and in his panic to leave he accidentally went over the railing and felt himself plummeting hundreds of feet to his death, as he waited for the shock of the ground rising up to meet him one thought went through his head. "I 've mad a HUGE mistake."