Entering the club for the meeting, I realized quickly it wasn't the gaming club I thought it'd be.

A huge room, a war room. On one wall there was map of the entire world filled with push-pins. On another wall was a whiteboard with task assignments next to various names. Organized next to it was a flow-chart of 'what ifs = do this.' In the center was a huge table that could seat 50.

I thought to myself, *this isn't the game of Risk I'm use to, looks cool though.*

Upon my entrance a woman ushers me over from one corner of the room with a wave. Thinking she's the one who invited me, I walk over as I glance around the room at the other attendees, variously dress from suits to everyday attire. I, myself was dressed in a plain shirt and jeans expecting a fun game of, maybe Axis & Allies at this point? I swore I even saw a few people that even looked homeless.

&#x200B;

Needless to say it was a weird assortment of people chatting in a room. intermingling regardless of class or appearance of each other. I walked over to the woman whom waved at me thinking, *This gonna be the coolest board game, game, ever.*

Upon approach she asked, "You're new here?" I nodded. She guided me to the whiteboard I saw earlier, taking a dry-erase marker ready to write something next to an empty tile on the board.

"What do you want your name to be?"

Thinking this was like D&D, remembering an old youtube reference I joked, "Money sign, BigPimpin'Balla"

She sighed,  "Seriously?" As she wrote the name on the board.

"Wait no it was a joke," I corrected, but she laughed with a snide smile saying, "Too late."

A little irradiated I scowled her asking, "What's your name then?"

She looked me in the eyes, with a plain smile, "It's a Secret."

I rolled my eyes, "Okay whatever."

She looked to the whiteboard, and after a ponder she looked back at me, "What do you want to do?"

I thought about my lame name, and retorted, "Repeat history as I see fit."

Taking it seriously, she wrote that as an ability next to my name.

*What?*

Before I could actually think a bell rung. She look toward the table, "It's started."

"The board game?"

She laughed, "Yeah... the board game."

Those I saw earlier mingling started to take seats at the huge, rectangular oak table.

I didn't know where to sit, as if she could read my mind she grabbed my hand and beckoned, "Follow me." But as I got guided along I glanced back at the whiteboard to scan the names on it. About a third of the way down I saw, 'Secret,' and before I could read her so called 'ability,' I was guided to a seat next to her. I didn't complain.

&#x200B;

*Finally, lets start this weird-ass board game,* I thought to myself.

&#x200B;

The person at the head of the table simply said, "We've won."

Everyone got up like it was cue, so after a few seconds of bewilderment I got up heading toward the exit, thinking, *this has to be the worst club ever.*

But somehow, the woman that ushered me in the first place walked into the very building she was just in as I was about to walk out. I waved at her, and she walked over.

"Are you the person that invited me?"

I smiled, thinking this was a joke, "Yeah, and I'm a BigPimpinBalla."

She looked at me with confused look, "What?"

I was taken a-back, like she just wrote that, how did she not get that bad joke? I asked, "What's your name?"

She looked me dead in the eyes, and nervously said more than anything I've seen her do, "It's a Secret."

Mad confused, I look to the whiteboard she wrote my name on to look for her name, and next to it was her ability, 'To fall in love.'  I looked back to my name, and my ability, to watch the whiteboard seemly go blank before my eyes. The format was still there, just suddenly, a blank consensus of people.

Without answering I told her, "Follow me." Guiding her to the whiteboard, and told her, "What do you want your name to be?"

I saw her think about it real hard, for several minutes, but she said, "Secret."

I wrote the name on the whiteboard. Just to ask, "What do you want do?"

She looked at me and said, "To fall in love."

&#x200B;

I stood there for a few minutes, gave her the dry-erase marker, and walked out of the club.