I hear the three quick knocks on my door. It must be Thursday. That's when they come every week with their tailored suits and weird questions. At first I tried to get some answers out of them to know why they were doing this to me but they never answered, they just asked. After a while I gave up on trying to figure out the reason and I just started answering their questions.  


I hear the knock again. Always three quick knocks. That's how I know it's Thursday. I get up from the couch and walk slowly to the door. I wonder what they're going to ask me today. As I open the door I see the same three faces I see every week. I don't even know their name so I just refer to them with nicknames I came up with. I stare at them for a second or two and I go back to the living room to sit on the couch again. They follow me, of course.  


"Good Morning Emma. How are you today?" asks Mr. Greasy. He's the one who does most of the talking. He has greasy hair. I guess he only washes it on Fridays.  


"I'm okay. I was better until a minute ago." I say with a look of disgust on my face. They know I hate them, but I still remind them all the time.  


"As always we'll ask you a few questions if that's okay with you?" This is more of a statement than a question yet Mr. Greasy continues to ask me this every single time.  


"Since I don't have the option to say no, let's proceed." I look at Mr. Elvis. I like Mr. Elvis. One time they were here I was listening to music and the whole time he did this little dance with his feet. He never does anything else though, he doesn't even speak. He's the fun one.  


Mr. Cute gets the papers out of his bag and hands them to Mr. Greasy. He's not even that cute, just cuter than the other two.  


"Are you gonna ask me about the economy and politics again?" I ask Mr. Greasy hoping that he finally understands that I really don't care about the politics or the economy or whatever that's going on in the world.  


"I have to Emma. That's the protocol." He answers seriously. He's all about the "protocol" that Mr. Greasy. 
"What do you think about the current political situation in the US? Do you like the president?" He has a pen in his hand ready to write whatever I say. I stare at them for a couple of minutes. I'm sick of this. When is this going to end?  


"I don't care about the politics." I say, "I don't care about the president or the politicians." I continue with dead seriousness, "I just want everybody to GO FUCK THEMSELVES."  



You can imagine my surprise after that. 

