They told me it was a miracle that I was pregnant. A near impossibility -- an abnormality on their charts. It was an infection in my uterus, when I was a child, that had deprived me of that sacred promise that nature was supposed to grant to all women. And yet the movement I could feel inside by swollen belly wasn't strange or abnormal. 

It was destined.

The dragon is barely larger than a coin. Its scales shimmer burnt-red in the sunset as it flitters in through the hospital's windows. I have not seen a dragon since my father died, and the feeling it brings me as it lands on my stomach is that of comfort. Reassurance.  It curls up, twisting its serpentine tail around itself and placing it under its head.

 It guards me.

Always.

A memory pours back like the wine my uncle used to drink in copious quantities from lunchtime until he fell unconscious in the small hours of the night. I had been sent to stay with him when my father had been called away on business. My mother, dead before I knew her, only had one child, and still my father struggled to juggle his failing business with spending time with me. Nurses, nannies, and relatives were the surrogates I never asked for but spent my childhood with.

I never trusted my uncle, even when I was too young to properly understand trust. The sour reek of his breath. The stories -- I knew to be untrue -- of my mother. His hands that stroked my hair in a way so different to my father. Fingers cold and sweaty somehow at the same time.

The night he crept into my room was the night the dragons first appeared. I woke to his screams as the green beast spewed flames into his body, alighting both his clothes and hair. He fell through the window and died on impact with the concrete below. They said his body was drenched in alcohol and he lit a match. Suicide.  But I knew. My father knew too, I think. For he looked at me differently from that moment.
 
The dragons came too on the day he -- my father -- died. As I sat alone, at seventeen years of age, in the great church just hours before the service. The coffin lay on the altar, waiting for the few guests to gawp a final time at the failure within. His debts had strangled him like ivy winding about a tree, slowly squeezing and suffocating. His heart had given in the day he was to be declared bankrupt. 

The dragon was silent as it came through the open doors and flew towards the casket. It perched proudly on the rim and lowered its head in solemn respect.

 I understood then, for the first time perhaps, the man my father had been. A man that loved his daughter more than money -- more than anything -- and simply wanted to succeed for her. To make her proud of him.

He'd worked himself to death for me.
 
My belly moves and the dragon stirs, opening a single eye. 

There is a sharp pain. I gasp; my heart thumps against my chest, my arms tremble -- but the dragon barely moves. The machinery next to me screams in staccato beeps. A grim morse-code for the doctors to translate.

 "Help!" 

But the dragon sitting on me is calm, unperturbed by my distress.

I realize with a stark, frightening clarity that the dragons are no longer guarding me. 

That they have moved on.

I wonder if my mother saw them as I was born. She knew the risks in having me. The complications. 

I too knew the risks. Only, I believed they would protect me. Dragons.

And in that, I find an unexpected comfort, even as the nurse rushes in, needle in hand. I know now that the the dragons will protect the child inside of me. That my baby will be safe inside their fire.

The needle feels like a dragon's tooth as it pierces my skin.