I nearly spat out my drink when I heard the words “hey remember me? Britain, 1800’s? Well early 1800s around 1806 if I remember correctly.” I remembered the voice, as is my curse,I remember the place to, an old hospital area where he was taking care of the sick and injured, I was putting the ones that wouldn’t make it with all the help they were giving, to a more permanent residence.
Well no point in pretending no point in pretending not to hear him, otherwise he might start mind speaking to me, if of course he had figured out how to do that
Anyway I turned around and said, “yes I know you, let’s go somewhere a little more private”, we went into what was essentially an alleyway, and I channeled lightning through my fist and knocked him across the entire passage, any immortal should know not to be so clumsy in revealing ones self.
“You’re a fucking moron, next time don’t be so clumsy with your words.”
He sighed and replied with “sorry I’m still new to this,”
“yeah I know you’re the youngest of us if age really is a concern but you can’t be so foolish, people stare”
It looked like he was about to break down and cry, I would’ve hit him again if he did that, last time an immortal cried, they made a story about it involving a man named Noah, who by the way was quite annoying. 
Some context on me, my age is around 13.6 billion, around the same age as the first stars, I’m the second oldest of the immortals right behind god himself, anyway this little one was born in the 1630s if memory serves (it always serves no matter what) and he is one of 5 including me and god, the other two are nowhere to be seen, one went insane and he went to the far reaches of the universe while the other lives a very low life, a more withdrawn version of me.
“How, how did you do that with the lightning” this tempted me to punch him again, he was acting 20.
“HOW HARD IS IT FOR YOU TO REALIZE I HAVE FOUND MORE ABILITIES THAN YOU, YOU INSOLENT BUG” I boomed, however not out loud, in his mind so he would stop thinking any sort of power in himself.
He finally sighed and said what he had probably wanted to tell me for a while now “Lucifer is returning” he said meekly.