Okay- listen, it was an accident. Comes with the territory of supervillains working together. Some words get said, some powers gets used, one wrong angle and- BAM! 

You end up decapitating all three of your bosses. 

That's right. Bosses. 

You're still just an apprentice. Apprentice supervillain in training. 

Sure Jacklin said she'll return your notebook of INCREDIBLY PRIVATE THINGS NO ONE BUT YOU MUST READ (sometimes you have fantasies of people you know in real life. Or dreams. You write them down.)

But the thing is, she wasn't supposed to have it in the first place right? You thought that even though you guys are villains, there's still like honour among thieves? You just don't cross a line like that. 

Also they should've known better really, you were still their underling technically. 

The thought makes you snicker and before you know it, you're full blown cackling and rolling around on the massive king+ sized bed of your very dead and not alive boss. 

After a few minutes, your cackles die down to giggles and snorts before eventually- silence. 

Not an underling anymore now that you've decapitated them. 

The other henchmen ran off to who knows where. Not that there was much to run to considering the FBI were hot on their tails. 

Which begs the question, why did Jacklin think it was the time to snatch your very private notebook off of your satchel? 

Considering the situation she also shared it with the other two no longer boss of you because you killed them. Yin and Yang. 

What a fucking pair. 

It's like they all forgot their underling's power is easily influenced by emotions and off they went to rile you up like that. 

It's really not your fault. 

The FBIs catch up and your power unfortunately doesn't allow you to escape but instead because you're apparently still pretty unknown to them, they're hailing you as a hotshot rising super hero- maybe you ought to change careers. 

Might as well considering the fact how turned off you are from Jacklin and the Yin and Yang twins' lack of understanding of personal boundaries. 

Heroes usually do that right- respecting personal boundaries, actual honour and all that jazz. 

So you're on the pedestal thanking the media and everyone else you can think to thank for- heck, you even mentioned your cats and didn't that make the host of the show laugh. 

The supsr heroes who have met you and the previous three are aware that you're no hero- but hey, it's their reputation not yours if they decide to slander the public's new object for hero worship. 

Not that you're complaining about the worship- why be a villain when everything you want is given so much more easily when you're a hero? Fame, wealth, power, and respect? All just for beating up a few dumb asses every now and then trying to do the same but doing it against the law. 

You're pretty happy about your accidental murders and think about that! You're getting praised for murdering some big shot criminals with super powers rather than capture them alive and hold them trial or whatever- 

Man, you love moral ambiguity. You don't have that much anyway so this works in your favour. 

With a smile to yourself at the mirror of Jacklin's old condo in her citizen persona, and after having forged a will that she leave all of her personal belongings and properties to you, her most entrusted pupil.

You don't know what happened to Yin and Yang's since you didn't know their citizen persona and you're pretty sure the FBI was sorting all that out. 

What you do know- however, is that you're going to piss all of the superheroes by showing up and sitting in the same table on the next superheroes convention meeting thing in headquarters with journalists swarming and recording everything.

It's going to be such a fun ride, especially with your brilliant alibi. Secretly waiting for the right moment to undo those three bosses down and what not- since you've never been seen commiting anything other than accompanying the others, you're confident you'll come out the winner. 

And what do you know?

An hour full of pretending to appear heroic and just and you're free- Wonder Woman is fuming and Batman looks constipated. 

Superman- Superman looks contemplative like he actually believes you. 

Too. 

Easy. 

Plus, you know how you can lie to yourself and believe something to be the truth? 

Yeah. Definitely won against Wonder Woman's lasso of truth. 

Go you and your ability to believe in your own lies. 

You grin and wave at the cameras before heading home in a tinted limo. 

Life is pretty sweet. The cats are also loving the new place, you might have to get them more beds 

(the end?)


