The kid was way too young to even know what she was doing. But then I heard her dad and thought, "Hey, I'd better stick around long enough to see if I can scare the livin' shit out of this guy."

Well, yeah, demons aren't pure evil. Mostly we have our reputation because we'll take on the dirty jobs that angels won't do. But our reputation for evil doesn't mean I don't have at least some empathy for a powerless little kid. God only wins in the end because He's the most powerful sonofabitch around (well, sorta, sometimes the idea that He could be His own father makes my head hurt too), and so far this dad has won every fight with his daughter because he's the most powerful sonofabitch in this household. So I position myself between the only door in the room and the kid.

When the guy entered the room, he stopped screaming just long enough for me to get a good look at him and him to get a good look at me. Like most raging drunks, he was one ugly motherfucker (and, yes, demons do cuss a LOT, no apologies) and positively reeked of beer.

Hey. I've smelled worse. Not like we have much in the way of bathing facilities in Hell.

The father recovered from his initial shock quickly enough, but then, that's normal for a drunk. He started plowing forward again. "This isn't funny! Now, come here, you-"

He didn't get much farther than that. I moved maybe half as fast as I'm capable of, just slowly enough that the father could have seen it coming and backed off if he still had two working brain cells in his head, and lifted the guy off the ground. He squealed like a pig.

"I'll see you in Hell," I growled.

Then I bit his head off. I dropped the body like a sack of potatoes that had gone rancid and turned back to the kid.

"Hey. I hope this piece of shit didn't mess with your head too much, kid. But you'd better pack away the summoning kit until you're old enough to know what you're getting yourself into, because the Man Upstairs tends to get quite riled about people relying on demons instead of Him. Cool?"

Her eyes were pretty wide as she nodded. Suddenly I sensed that the stream of light coming from the window wasn't just sunlight and turned to face it with a growl.

"Okay, two things, God. First, she was way too young to understand what she was doing, so I hope you can let it pass this one time. Second, I can't imagine that you'd want a guy like him running around Heaven, so I can just take him with me back to Hell."

"Agreed on both counts, Beelzebub. Now go. I'll make sure the girl is taken care of."

I harvested the father's soul and fled back to Hell with some relief. My boss barely looked up when I handed in the soul with my report.

"Okay, so she was underage, but at least it wasn't a total waste. Now we've got another job for you..."