When I was a child, I used to live in Tijuana, my mom cook a pasta and I just eat it until fulfill my stomach, I started to watch TV, actually I still remember I was watching a TV show called "Fantasma del Espacio de Costa a Costa", It is funny but those times I was 7 years old, so I didn't understand that humor... anyway, the interesting part of the story started when I fell asleep.

The clock on my wall was illuminating my face signaling 3:00 am, but that didn't bothered me at all, what waked me up was a sharp noise coming from outside, I suddenly opened my eyes and I waited for a couple of minutes, the sharp noise stopped I though that noise was just my imagination, but after ten minutes and when I started to fall asleep again, that freaking sound started again, I jumped out from my bed and as every logic action on a kid, I covered my face with my blanket. It was really strange my mom didn't wake up to check, I guess she didn't even worried about my security, well she doesn't even worry now.

To fell myself save, I cleverly decided to look through the window and a bright light was outside, I big dish floating above our backyard! I hatch opened and a tiny figure walking straight to my yard surprised me, he or she was covered with a white and plastic coat, like a condom but in white color, the alien remained standing for a while, I guess it was surprised... I strong feeling of approach to him (lets say is a "he") came to me.

I slowly opened my door and I walked in silence to don't wake up my mom, although it seemed that she would not wake up even if I have shouted that there was an alien having a picnic in our backyard... anyway I opened my backyard door and at the beginning he didn't notice someone was looking at him, but when I stepped on a toy, I couldn't avoid a little and almost girly moan that instantly reveled me to the alien.

He was looking at me, actually staring at me... but he didn't run away, instead of that he invited me with a soft hand movement, or at least I though was an invitation. I stared to get closer and closer and when I was in front of him, he got closer to me and with a soft voice he asked me "Where is Cancún, I think I'm lost", I pointed with my finger the south of Mexico and the alien flew away, nowadays he is still sending me coconuts every time he visits Cancún, and I now is him because a bunch of coconuts appear suddenly on my backyard.

Thanks for reading my story, I'm trying to develop my English skills, so if you have time and if you want please send me every correction.

Wiliam Bernal