"Another beer please."

"Coming right up."

As the bartender readied the order, the patrons of the bar looked at the man who ordered.

Greg was not known for being somber. His default expression was a wide smile, and on the rare occasions where it wasn't, when he was confronted with a particularly difficult case, his smile turns into a maniacal grin.

Yet today, the normally jovial detective was frowning.

"Something bad today, Greg?" asked the bartender as she handed him the beer. Her question was met with silence. The detective took the beer and went back to brooding.

"Must be a problem with his love life," remarked one of the patrons, laughing.

"Aye, 't happens with all of us Greg," said another patron, who swung his arm around the detective. "These women don't know what us men go through at this time of the year. We be ducks migrating for the winter, looking for greener pastures, ain't that right, Greg?"

The detective gave him an annoyed look, but said nothing, only downing more of his beer.

"Excuse me for being a woman," said the bartender, hands on her hips. "Just for that I'm demanding an extra tip from you."

"Yer not a woman, yer a man in a woman's skin ye are!"

Greg suddenly removed the arm slung across his shoulder. Gulping down the last of his beer, he slammed the mug onto the counter. The bartender gave him a annoyed look, but he ignored it.

"I failed to solve a case," he said.

The silence was deafening.

"This silence is deafening," said a patron as he removed his hearing aid.

All at once the bar converged on the detective.

"What happened?!" Was the question they all asked at the same time.

Greg raised his hand to order another beer.

"That criminal was a genius, I've never met anyone that stupid before," said Greg. "And I'm an idiot for not noticing it sooner."

"Tell us, how can someone be stupid and a genius at the same time?"

"I got a call for a robbery case earlier this day. When I arrived, the scene has already been roped off and the owners were waiting for me. Apparently a highly prized Faberge egg as stolen from their property. I took the usual questions, searched for clues, asked the police what they've already found out, you know, the usual."

"Then what happened?"

"The robber left every clue imaginable at the crime scene. Hair, footprints, fingerprints, there's nothing that he didn't leave out. We managed to find a trail and it led us to an abandoned warehouse nearby, but that's where the trail went cold," continued Greg. 

The rest of the bar went deathly quiet. Greg had never lost a trail before.

"There were no signs on a break-in at the warehouse, and the keys were never used. There was a window open at the fourth floor, but there was nothing that indicated the criminal has entered there. When we went inside, we found the egg smashed to pieces. There were signs that someone lived there, but no sign of the criminal. Although, we did find a very molested duck on the floor," he continued.

The bartender belatedly gave Greg his beer, which he downed in one gulp.

"What about the duck?" she asked.

"At that time I thought it must have been a poor attempt at lunch," replied Greg.

"We weren't going to solve the case that day, so we gathered up the broken eggs and returned to the owners, and that's where everything answered itself," he said, slamming the mug again onto the counter.

"You smash that mug again and I'll smash *your* face into the counter," warned the bartender.

"A man in a woman's skin ye be, lass," said the older patron.

"Quiet! Greg is talking."

"We arrived back at the owner's house when we saw them talking to the director of the local circus. They were very angry and were demanding compensation for the egg. It seemed that one of the circus monkeys had escaped and was last seen around that area."

"So that was the end of it?"

"No, the monkey wasn't the one who stole the egg."

"But who did?"

"The duck."

"What?"

"The duck stole the egg," repeated Greg.

"Why would a duck steal an egg?"

"What kind of question is that?" said a patron. "Obviously if it looks like an egg, feels like an egg, and smells like an egg, then it is an egg, only ducks don't particularly care what egg it is."

The detective confirmed the answer. "That's right."

"But why did it smash the egg, then?"

"No, the egg was smashed when the duck entered the warehouse. Whoever lived there caught it and didn't care about the egg, only the duck," said Greg, to the unbelieving ears of the patrons.

"So you know who lived at the warehouse?"

"Oh, that one's easy, it's one of us."

---

*I would greatly appreciate any tips on improving my writing, thank you for reading!*