In my line of work being late can be the difference between life and death.  More than 20 minutes late, I ran out of my bunk at 9:05.  I prayed as I ran, hoping somehow that this would save me from the evil I now sprinted to face.  I was recognized immediately when I arrived at the location.

"How many shells were you able to make?" Aleena asked as I recovered my breath.

"t… twe… only twelve," I gasped back, trying to get the stitch out of my side.

Her face dropped and for a brief moment I glimpsed the concern behind those eyes.  I took a deep breath to make my voice sound nice and level, "It's okay Aleena, we'll get it right."

"You need to be at the breach, get moving," Aleena said as she handed me a shotgun.

A half hour later I'm even more covered in dirt and debris.  Countless explosions have showered us with dust and I swear it's covering every inch of my skin.  Stephen crouches beside me.  He's got blood all over him and I can see his chest heaving like it's a momumental effort just to get the air in his lungs.

"It'll be okay," I tell him,"we're going to make it through this god damn day."

His laugh is weak and pathetic.  It wheezes like he's been shot in the lung.  I don't tell him that.  His arm trembles as he reaches for one of his cargo pockets.

"What?  What do you need?" I ask.

He gets the pocket open and slowly passes me a playing card; a Seven of Clubs.

"What the fuck is this?"

I have to lean close to hear his response over the noises around us.  People shouting, equipment being furiously moved, and all the while a voice keeps counting us down towards zero.

"It's for my girlfriend," he rasps.  "It's code.  They'll never tell her what really happened here.  This is so she knows for real."  I can see the effort of this speech has made him weak.  I snatch the card and shove it into a pants pocket.

"You can give it to her yourself," I tell him, trying to muster as much false honesty into my eyes as I can.  God I don't know if he really believed me but there's not much choice now.  I hear the countdown hit ten seconds.  It's time to go.

"3! 2! 1! BREACH"

Shotgun up and ready, I vault the pile of rubble I'm hiding behind and rush towards the objective: a battered, half-broken stone building only 50 feet away.  I'm screaming.  Half the squad is dead but we've got to make this work no matter what.  I see movement from the corner of my eye and whip the shotgun in that direction.  No hesitation when I pull the trigger.  My custom shells look beautiful as they fire from the gun - bright stars like a roman candle screaming from the barrel; they trail deep crimson smoke in a spiral as they travel.

I left my rational thoughts escape so I can't be overwhelmed by the sights - hopefully my training sees me through to the end of the day.

\---

The clock on the wall reads 12:42.  Nobody knows I'm here.  I'm sure they could find me if they looked hard enough; they must not care yet.  Eventually they will find me, I'm certain of that but for now I rest and recover my energy.

&#x200B;

I used up eight of my custom shotgun rounds.  I make them myself as obviously normal ones won't work in this situation.  Mine are made to be bright and impressively looking.  A weapon of awe, meant to freeze anyone viewing in place while their mind marvels at the impressive sight.  Four rounds probably isn't enough to make it through the rest of the day so I begin to search my clothes and pockets to see if maybe I have an old one on me still.

Oh shit.

I look down and find the pocket of my pants torn wide open, like something tried to take a bite out of me.  The Seven of Clubs is gone.  I have to find that card.

Grabbing my gun from the table, I bolt from the break room.  I make my way down the hallway to a practice room that I was using early.  As I approach the door I can hear the muffled thumps of punches being delivered. Whump. Whump. Whump.  There was a steady rhythm to the hits, not like the chaos of a fight but the steady hits of a torturous beating.  As quietly as I can, I slip the door open a crack.  A nun stood under the light in a crouching stance.  Arms flexed, fists balled, a look of concentration on her face.  A huge Viking man faced her, steadily delivering punches to her stomach.  Damn, that's a strong woman. I let the door open all the way and cleared my throat, "Excuse me?"

The Viking hit the nun one last time, eliciting a sharp hiss of breath from her.  She doubled forward a bit and let out a long groaning, "god dammit" and turned to pace.

The Viking rushed forward, hands up in supplication. "I'm sorry!  Oh, I'm so sorry, are you okay?" He fretted about the nun looking mortified.

She caught her breath for a few moments, fending off the Viking's ministrations.  I felt really bad for interrupting them.  Clearly I threw off the rhythm of their practice.  I waited and then finally spoke, "I'm really sorry but have either of you seen a Seven of Clubs in here?"

Oh man the nun was clearly pissed.  She glared, "A what?"

"A Seven of Clubs.  A playing card.  It's bloody and kind of torn up."

They shook their heads in unison.

"Do you mind if I look around for a second I was in here earlier."

I didn't really wait for a response but quickly bustled around the small room searching for the card.  It wasn't here so I rushed back out of the room while continuing to utter many apologies.  Down the hall and to the right, I rushed out the double doors to the exterior and came face to face with a llama.  I slid to a stop and dodged my head just in time to avoid catching a face full of llama spit.

"HOOOOONK!" said the llama.

"Easy llama," said the trainer in a soothing voice.

I scampered aside, wary of this strangely fluffy cross between a camel and horse.  The llama looked back with disdain, clearly unimpressed by my short neck and inadequate number of legs.  "He did NOT sound like that before, " I said to the trainer, who looked very distressed.  "I mean before he sounded like a horse that swallowed a clown trumpet and that was bad enough.  Now it's just like a goose hitting the side of a building."

The trainer also glared at me.  "Well maybe your stench is upsetting him.  Ever since we ran into you earlier all he does is honk and vomit!"

As the trainer pulled the llama away, the creature obligingly  turned it's strange head and attempted to hurk something out of one of its three gross stomachs.

I'm standing there outside the door lost in thought.  I'm wondering to myself about where that card has managed to disappear to.  The last thing I remember was looking at it as I walked away from the scene of the breach.  I continued to stand there struggling to remember anything meaningful when the police officer arrived, hands stuffed in his pockets.

He looks me from top to bottom - still covered in dust and blood, grenades in the webbing of my tactical vest.  I've got my shotgun in hand, resting on my shoulder to point at the sky.  Slowly, like he's speaking to the crazy man standing at the edge of playground full of children, he asks, "You got anything naughty on you?"

*Continued in comments*