I had kind of awoken from the most amazing dream and was still basking in its afterglow.    
Then all hell broke loose.    
It turns out the bed covers don't keep you safe. I'd tried to huddle under them when the floor opened up. I'd tried to shield myself under them from the heat, the flames, the light as it radiated through my room. But my covers were no match for the beast. It's long, clawed fingers gripped my flimsy bed clothes and tore them from me. Literally tore them to shreds. As I lay there quivering like a human shaped lump of jello, the beast grabbed me, gently, strangely enough, by the ankle and dragged me down to the pits of hell.    
"You're gonna help me settle a bet," it growled.   
I didn't give its comment much thought as my senses were assaulted by the images and sounds of the billion tortured souls around me.   
The terrible sounds and terrifying images ceased as I was dragged through a door. The room around me was plain. Beige walls, white cupboards beneath an off-white formica bench top. A coffee-maker sat upon the counter, next to a sandwich press, next to a sink, next to a microwave. Two other demons were sat at one of several round tables in the room. One of them was drinking a cup of something. The other was absently picking at its teeth with its claw.   
"Here," my abductor muttered as it gently pushed me toward the other two, "now ask him."    
The one picking his teeth spat on the floor, which hissed and bubbled before it evaporated away. "You a boy?" it asked, its cold eyes eating into my soul.    
I nodded; well I think I did, I felt as if my brain had stopped working properly.     
"How old?" it growled.   
I think I managed to stammer, "Thirteen."   
"And that," it reached a long, filthy claw out and touched my face, "what that called?"    
"A face?" I was bewildered.   
"No!" it yelled, the hottest, stinkiest breath smacked against my face. "What is red lump dots?"    
"Um," I didn't want to enrage this beast.     "Acne?" I questioned.     
I heard the demon with the drink hiss "Yes!"     under its breath and it got the deathliest stare from my interrogator.     
"And," the questioner turned back to me, "is true you squeeze this acne?"    
I nodded. "Yeah, I pop my pimples."    
The devil who had abducted me laughed and slapped my back. It almost sent me flying, but I didn't want to careen into my inquisitor, so I fought with all my might to stand my ground. I succeeded, barely. The stink from the beast was almost unbearable. It was like someone had wiped a bum with a sweaty armpit.    
"So you," the beast did air quotes with its claws, "pop these pimples?"    
I nodded.    
"But you don't eat them?"    
"What?" I was bewildered, which strangely made me brave, I almost forgot where I was and who I was with. "Eat pimples? No!"    
My abductor and the beast with the drink were laughing pretty hard at this stage.      
"You don't eat liquid from acne?" The inquisitive demon seemed confused.      
"Pus?" I gagged. "Eww! No!"    
"You sure, boy?"    
"Definitely! That's disgusting."    
The devil who had taken me gently grabbed my shoulder and pushed me toward the door. "You see, Gnujjik," it laughed at its dejected demon chum, "we *told* you that they didn't."     
"But Charles Manson told me they did" Gnujjik whined.      
The other two laughed at it.      
"Right!" The beast was enraged. "I am finding that Charles Mason and I am going to give him hell!"     
I was pushed through the door and the laughter was lost in the cacophony of horror beyond. I squeezed my eyes shut as I was led through hell. But I couldn't close my ears. Or my nose. And those sounds and smells will stay with me forever.      
Mum blamed me for the destroyed bedding. She didn't believe that a demon had opened a portal in my room, dragged me to hell and back. But it was okay, I'd rather she think I tore up my sheets, than her know about my first wet dream. 