For as long as I lived, the frost chased us. Every step forward we took would be covered with oppressive ice. However, the sand blocked us with its destructive, drying heat. Anyone who travelled through either of those wastes were never seen again. No matter the preparations they took, the food brought, the protective cloaks worn, those adventurers never returned. Those who drove ahead of us were either beat back by the desert winds, or reduced to skeletal remains. As for those who fell behind into the unforgiving tundra, they were just swallowed up by the glacial mountains without a trace.  As far as we were concerned, we were surrounded by unfathomable voids. All we could do was push forward with a little pocket of life we called home. It wasn't particularly large, perhaps two days walk from one end to the other.  But it was enough to hold and support all of us. It was enough to hold me, my family, and the fellow Trekkers I call my people.

My family consisted of my wife, children, and aging mother. We were bound together by the pendants we wore around our necks, a symbol of unity and familial relations between us, granted by the Great Walker who guided and directed us along with the crowd of Trekkers that made our lives whole. These pendants were created to be unique to each family, as a sort of brand to separate us. Each pendant was a specific color. A child's pendant is given to him upon birth, and is the same pendant as his parents'. When that child is betrothed to another, his pendant's color and his beloved's pendant's color will be mixed in a ceremony, signifying a union. No two family's pendants were exactly alike, like the snowflakes upon the tundra. My family descended from a legendary hero who led the Trekkers from the frozen tundra to the lush green spot of hope, saving us from starvation. Before that, our people had been accustomed to simply living in frozen, deathly misery. This hero was not a native Trekker, and simply appeared one day from seemingly nothing. He appeared harried, and was evidently scared of where he originally came from, and whatever had treated him to make him act in such a way. He led us to somewhere further away from where he started. A place for prosperity, he said. He carried a compass — a tool usually only reserved for our Great Walker. With his compass, he led us into the promised land. For his efforts, he was given a pure white-jeweled pendant to represent the goodness in his soul, and the original Great Walker's daughter as a bride. He lived happily, and his wife bore children. However, he spoke of a land that he originally called his home, and needed to return, to make amends for something he had done. His wife was despondent, and begged him to cease his line of thinking. However, one day, he awoke, arose, and set off back into the tundra, alone, with his gleaming white pendant spinning in the wind.

My family retains his pendant, still as white as the eternal tundra snow. It is a sign of a true pillar of humanity, and incredibly rare among my people. 

So, imagine my surprise when the desert spat out a grave containing remains with the same pendant, choked around the decomposing body's throat.

Etched into the tombstone is one single word.

>*DESERTER*