A small room just enough for an altar, a table and vases for flowers. It's more of a prayer room than an altar, but with no god dedicated to it, there probably wouldn't be a problem. Agh who is he kidding, gods don't exist, even if they do none of them will come anyway. Elliot thought to himself as he cleaned up the mess he made. "Nyeh whatever, if anything bad happens it'll bite me in the morning" 

The sun rose just as he set foot out of the room he made, as if the world decided to spin really quickly; at least for him. "Good morning!" A cheery voice called from behind him, along with the juicy crunch of an apple. "Mmmph this apple is tasty! *crunch munch* Fey yoosed fo ve sho shouer" Elliot turned to see a humanoid coyote snout deep in apple corpses, feathered pauldrons adorned his shoulders while a vest and loincloth covered his torso. "You know you shouldn't stare so much, most spirits think its rude" the coyote commented as he tore into another apple, well, the last one. "You got any more of these?" He said while extending the basket, tail wagging energetically behind him. 

Elliot looked at his companion, dumbstruck before gathering himself and replying "I got watermelons if you like" The coyote stuck out his tongue and made a blegh face "Don't like em, most of the time theres more shell and seed than flesh to eat, you people still grow them?" Not replying verbally, Elliot brought out a watermelon. "What's that?" The coyote asked, bringing it close to his snout and sniffing it. "A watermelon?" Elliot answered, making the coyote set it down and eye Elliot suspiciously, coming to the conclusion that "You're lying!" The coyote accused, but before Elliot could counter with an argument, the watermelon split in half, and half again, and again, and again until it was just big enough to fit the coyote's mouth. "THIS IS AMAZING!" He exclaimed and went about devouring the helpless watermelon. "So uh, what's your name, mister animal spirit guy" Elliot asked, unsure if it was even acceptable to ask for name from a higher being. "Huehuecoyotl" The coyote said with his mouth full, gluping the watermelon down, he continued "But you can call me Huey"