"Wait...one more time?"

"How many different ways would you like me to explain this sir?"

Death brought his bony fingers to his face in exasperation. Normally, all that came was the light, and the soul; a simple call and collect that persisted in a hollow rhythm that echoed through all of times and space. Never had Death encountered an identity crisis other than his own.

The human continued to speak.

"It just doesn't make any sense. How can I have been unaccounted for? All that praying and God never thought to be like 'Hey dude I can't feel the soul behind it?' How can I just be a bag of bones?"

Death tried not to take that as too heavy an insult. He took pride in his lack of flesh, and also resented the idea that his neighbour upstairs was in anyway responsible for the accounting of souls. Sure, they were a kind of team. The delivery and the receiving of the mortal soul. But in the end, it all came down to Death.

Death took a slow breath - it seemed to make the humans more at ease if he faked a respiratory system - and started to speak.

" Listen, Human -"

"Jake."

"Okay, Jake. I have a record of all given souls, and all potential deaths. I say potential because there are cases in which lives are not lived, shall we say, to their full potential. However, in this instance, while both were recorded for you, it seems there was an error concerning the delivery of your soul."

Death did have the privilege of peering into the future of those souls which he was destined to collect, and such was why he was called here today. Death was always on time. Humans were not. And in some instances they made a point of being too eager. Yet, despite appearances, Death was not demanding and took pleasure in the predictable pace of his position in the system that was. It had been his plight, since the last time this happened. Except last time, he was the Jake. He never got an explanation, just a search. And search he has. But never found. And so, instead he became Death. He decided to work instead of search.

Jake was staring blankly out the window in his studio apartment. As Death sat across from him in his only arm chair, explaining his lack of soul, he reflected on everything he'd ever existed for. And he couldn't really think of anything. Everything was yet so serve a purpose. Cheesy as it was, Jake thought to himself that nothing really had soul. Not his relationship with Ben, who'd mentioned relentlessly during their breakup that the last 8 months together felt 'passionless', or the endless conflict with his parents about his lack of...everything.

"So what next then?" 

Jake asked this with a tone of frustration, but something beneath it felt like desire. Or maybe it was understanding, as if Death sat here taunting him not with the end, but just the beginning.

"Well, essentially, a delivery was accounted for. There's something out there that belongs to you, and it's waiting for you. It's very likely it got placed in the wrong person. In such a case, the human container in questions doesn't necessarily know of this epic mishap, but instead comes to a somewhat more peculiar death." For Death, it was as if to say the soul is searching for a way out, and in doing so seeks to drive the human towards more risky circumstances. 

"These deaths are those which come as more of a surprise, and lack any real timely explanation or understanding, that which humans long for most when facing Death."

This resonated with Jake. In this interaction with Death, he was coming to feel a definite understanding. He looked up, and nodded sternly as a reflection of those feelings, and beckoning Death to continue.

"You have to find a Death like that, and when you collect that soul that's yours, well, you'll be free to start the life you were meant to have."

This wasn't what Jake expected. 

"Wait...i have to collect a soul? My soul?"

"Yes. But you have to search for it."

"Search for It?" Jake didn't know what to make of this. He knew he didn't have a choice, and that felt okay, but he couldn't quite comprehend what this meant in full. He new life would include some soul searching, but soul searching for life seemed like something entirely different.

Suddenly, Death stood up, and just as suddenly, in each hand appeared a scyth. Lean, and tall and incredibly simple. There was nothing extravagant about them. Death extended his right hand with the scyth towards Jake. Tentatively, Jake took it from Death. "Your soul is out there, and you'll need this to search for it."













