“Death walks amongst us” is a term used lightly now-a-days. Society has adjusted to death so rapidly, that you can’t go anywhere without detecting a dead body. The air is engulfed with the stench death. Flies, maggots, rats have inhabited the land above. Feeding on the corpses of the unfortunate.

 I’m the only one remaining from my bloodline. Am I surprised? No, I knew my family had conspirators working against us. We had amassed a huge amount of wealth, fame and power..

“It was only natural for us to be a walking target.” I thought.

I hide my face, with a dark poncho bearing another family’s insignia that is feared around these parts. Normally when any living person would see that symbol. It would surely mean death. However as of lately, nobody fears death like they should.

This new rule, no privilege of ours.. how many have abused it, how many are still stand and say “I used it appropriately?”

The world has been in turmoil, and nearly 3/4 of the worlds population have been terminated as if that wasn’t enough. The supplies for food, water and essential supplies have also decreased. The reason for that? Well you should know by now. If everyone’s off killing each other there is nobody to work or produce what we need.

“Why would the world leaders impose such a law that cause so much destruction!?” That kept repeating over and over in my head.. eventually

I slammed my hand against a table and accidentally woke up a nearby straggler. He was drunk, could barely open his eyes.

“What’s your problem, disturbing m-“ 

He quickly fell out of the chair and became unconscious.
I got up moments later and paid the bartender.

 As I was exiting the bar a raspy voice can be heard screaming “DEATH IS NEAR! DEATH FOR ALL!” “REPENT NOW AND SAVE YOURSELF!”

I swiftly looked back and see and elderly man. He was very pale, had bags under his eyes, had no hair and missing a few teeth. He had ripped clothes no shoes, but wore a shiny medallion. I would assume he was in about his late 80s. 

I turn and look to the bartender to see if he can shed some light. He himself is indifferent about the elderly mans’ outburst, almost ignoring them. I see him shining the glasses and as holds one up, he looks through it. 

“Come here son.”
I walk towards the bartender He grabs two glasses. 
One dirty, One clean. He instructs me to look through both of them. As I proceeded to do what he asks. He questions me “what do you see?” 

“The clear one I can see through it, and the dirty one I can’t see anything.” “Why did you want me to look through them?”  I asked perplexed. 

“Young man you go through life only basing your actions on what you can see.. just because you see one path doesn’t mean it’s the correct way to go.” 

“However if you don’t see the path you want to take doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take risk.” 

“What is it that you want me to know?” I asked

The bartender let it a heavy sigh. 
“It’s not what you can see, but what you can’t see.” 

I looked at the glass once more and see my reflection. I barely recognize myself.. who have I become, where will I go? How much more will I and countless others will suffer? I stopped myself abruptly-

I exit the double doors, blinking my eyes for split second  I hear a *click* and when I open my eyes all I see is the barrel of a .45 magnum in my face.

 I held my hands up not moving them an inch. “Today I will finally use the power bestowed upon me but lucky you! You will be the victim!” I finally get a better look at the person who is holding the gun in my face. It’s a female! Tan skin, brown eyes, dirty blond hair. Middle aged woman, who is not to be trifled with.

I succumbed to defeat and slowly put my hands down, She stares into my soul and recites a verse 

“The righteous perish, and no one takes it to heart; the devout are taken away, and no one understands that the righteous are taken away to be spared from evil. Those who walk uprightly enter into peace; they find rest as they lie in death.” 

“Do you know what book that verse derives from boy?”

I’m staring at the ground now,  I raise my voice barely above a whisper. 

“No ma’am”

“Look at me when I’m talking to you Motherfucker!” She screeched.
I look right into her eyes,
She then repeated the question 

“Now I’m going to ask you again. Do you know where the verse comes from? What book?” 

“The Bible.” I spoke softly

“Correct. Too bad God isn’t here to save your pathetic ass now.” 

She began to laugh maniacally. I slowly close my eyes as her finger creeps back on the trigger, and time seemed to have slowed down.

Flashbacks began flooding my memories.. and I thought
“I did not coward or shy away from death. I embraced it, and went head first.”

A trigger is pulled. And the last thing I hear is “Death walks amongst us.”


