"I don't think you know I exist.  I've been at this college a long time, and I've never seen anyone as beautiful as you, never spoken to anyone as kind as you, never met anyone as smart as you.  I would really, really like to get to know you better.  I know that a letter is not the best way to do this, and you must be freaked out right now, but I'm just too nervous and anxious to talk to you in person.  I'll come by your room at 7; if you'd like to meet up, please be home.  If you're not, I'll understand.


-Hairy."

Sandra stared at the letter.  She'd memorized it at this point.  Whoever had left this had really been trying to impress her - it was handwritten, with what seemed like nervous, shaky fingers, on clearly expensive stationary with little red hearts across the top, and sealed up in an envelope with a nice little monogrammed "H" sticker sealing it.  It was even sprayed with cologne.

Unfortunately, the cologne smelled like rotten socks, the H sticker had caught some violently purple fur beneath it, the shaky hand had also included what she suspected, from the slight lacerations in the paper, to be clawed fingers, and rather than being stuck under her dorm room door, it had been lovingly slid... under the closet's sliding panel.

The very first thing she'd done had been to strip the closet bare.  Her clothes, coats, shoes, and storage bins now rested in a pile under the window.  She'd spoken to the RA about keys, but nobody had checked out the spares for her room and her RA swore that nobody had been in here.  Certainly, nobody with purple hair or smelling like moldy laundry.  Sandra had no roommate, and few friends - certainly nobody who would play this kind of prank.  She lived on the fourth floor, so she doubted someone had used the window.  Nothing else in the room had been disturbed.

The only thing she'd found to make her pause, to keep her from going straight to campus police to complain of a break-in, was a tiny - infinitesimal - minuscule - patch of purple and yellow fur stuck to a loose nail in the back corner of the closet floor.

So she sat on her bed and stared at the letter.

Monsters in the closet?  She didn't think she'd ever believed in them.  She hadn't been what you'd call an overly imaginative child.  Sandra preferred history to fantasy; science kits and digging toys to fairies and princesses.  She'd take police procedurals over Disney movies.  She'd always colored precisely within the lines and in realistic colors.  Her Lego towers were architecturally sound.  So logically, this was probably a cruel joke played on her by some frat.  Perhaps the student in charge of checking the keys out was complicit.  She really should complain, make a big noise, get the student support groups involved.  Someone breaking into girl's dorm rooms was a big deal.

On the other hand...

She'd been single for almost four years now...

She's always told herself, after Jack dumped her, that she was too broken to deserve love.  That she was boring and dull and had too many problems.  That anyone that got to know her at all would be put off by her issues.

Well, anyone who lived in her closet for any length of time had to know her fairly well.  They'd seen her attempts at knitting, the way she snored and farted in her sleep, seen how she watched the same episodes of law and order over and over.  They'd heard her fights over the phone with her mother, knew she cut herself when her depression flared up, and experienced the nights when loneliness and anxiety left her crying until it was time to leave for her morning classes.  If they'd seen and heard all that, and still called her kind, and smart, and beautiful...

The note was sweet, if you ignored the "watching you from your closet" creepiness, and Hairy had clearly made an effort.  She understood anxiety and how hard it was to face rejection. She could hardly comprehend how that must factor in when you were covered in purple hair and smelled like feet, and - especially and - weren't human.  How did you meet people in person if you're afraid of getting punched or shot just for saying hi?  Maybe, in that situation, you could forgive a note, and a less than perfect invitation.

Sandra closed the closet door, and decided to stay home.