  "It has to be today. It just has to. You can do this." Mark said to himself in the mirror. He wasn't sure he had the courage to do it and somehow saying he had no choice seemed to still his shaking nerves.

  The reason it had to be today, January 7th, was because it was a first of its kind holiday. The government had declared in a shocking revelation that today of all days there would be a total moratorium on crime. Any crime, no matter how insignificant, that occurred or was discovered today would be punishable by death. 

  Today was also Mark's birthday.
 
  His fingers drummed quickly on the countertop of the bathroom. The frenzied tapping reverberating off the white tiled walls. He straightened his tie and adjusted his shirt. He hated how he looked in the mirror, all pale and sweaty. He definitely didn't look like he had the guts for this. Yet it had to be today. The years and years of suffering would come to a satisfying conclusion. 

  "Oh sure. Some of them will probably be horrified that I'm doing this but it won't matter because once it's done no one can stop me." He thought to himself with a grim smile stretching his lips.

  He checked his watch and saw that it was time. Mark walked out of the bathroom into the bustling office. Secretaries ran from desk to desk. Cubicles were full of his coworkers tapping away at their keyboards as numbers filled past on the screens like they were counting down to their own deaths. 

  As mark passed his desk he stuck out a hand that was stiff from having been balled up for thirty minutes. He swipped the thick folder from his desk and marched forward with determination. 

  He took a left, then a right, then a left again. He ignored all the people he passed and some recoiled at the look on his face. Finally he came to the long hall and at the end he saw THE DOOR. 

  His feet pounded forward. They couldn't stop moving and he refused to loose his momentum. He hit the door with force and it burst open with a resounding "bang".

  He stood at the back of a large conference room. Managers and directors lined both sides of the long conference table. Near the other end was his manager Brian. A smile fading from his lips as he was surely interrupted in the middle of one of his jokes. 

  People began to stand, or object to his intrusion. A security guard near the Conner began to move towards him. It had to be now!

  With fumbling lips and a numb tongue he finally blurted the secret that he had held so long, thrusting the file in front of him like a warding shield against the coming tide. 

  "I'd like to report that Brian Hannigan is embezzling from the company."

  "Happy birthday to me." He thought.