When they came the excitement lasted for almost 24 hours. Our first contact with the stars led to speculation of travel their ourselves, and of what wonders these mysterious visitors would bring. They might cure disease, end world hunger, introduce technology to make all of our most far flung fantasies realities. However, the only thing they'd brought for us was death.

Three hours and fifty seven minutes after they arrived they started sending down shuttles. These shuttles didn't go to our political capitals or any scientific or spiritual centers. They didn't even go to our military installations. They went to Tokyo, Delhi, Shanghai, Manila and Mumbai. Their goal was to kill the most human beings in the shortest amount of time. 

Two minutes after they launched, they touched down. As people saw the shuttles incoming they'd begun to gather. They surrounded them and shouted greetings in their native tongues. The shuttle doors began to lower, and before they'd even touched the ground the first barrage of energy blasts had fried dozens of onlookers. 

Social media posts of these attacks crashed all major website servers, but the word was out. World governments leapt to action and fired nuclear missiles at the landing sites and at the ships in orbit around the planet. They never reached their targets. 

Nevertheless some people remained excited. A cohort of mostly younger men began to speak encouragement, derived from their delusions of grandeur, about how surely they'd find a weakness. A virus, a weapon, an almost magical field emitted that would shut off their technology. In truth, maybe there was something, but the rate of elimination was such that anyone truly, objectively considering the situation knew there was no hope. 

Many in the Militaries around the world came to this conclusion. Each of the enemy troops came with a personal shield that normal caliber bullets and normal bombs could seem to penetrate, or at the least, any human weapon that had the capability to do so was destroyed before it had the chance to reach them. They seemed to almost be mocking us in this way. Ground troops were allowed to approach, it made them easier to slaughter. Most planes and missiles were shot down, and convoys carrying anti-tank guns destroyed.

We couldn't win, but we knew that we had weapons that could hurt them. Sixteen hours after they'd landed in the first cities, they boarded their transports and left. As anticipated they were moving towards a second wave which included New York City. Hours before planes had been launched, many going towards Washington DC as a ploy to convince the aliens that the politicians were mostly concerned about themselves. Aircraft Carriers moved towards the north east, and all military bases in the country began to trickle vehicles and weapons towards New York. Had they been paying attention, they might have noticed, they might have noticed anyway and not truly assessed the threat level. The end result was that when they touched down  the United States, and their allies, launched the largest military assault in human history on New York City. Even North Korea fired their full nuclear arsenal in our support. The alien's defensive capabilities were overwhelmed. By the time their ships sliced through the last weapons that posed a threat to them, they'd lost half their force in the area. 

They pulled out, but not out of defeat. Once their troops were destroyed they fired at the city from space. They vaporized the city, and enough layers of sediment that not even the island remained. 

The cost for half of one of more than a dozen attack squads was the capability to mount an effective attack upon the enemy ever again. The effort did have one more important gain for humanity, one that has kept us alive even till today. In the few hours that the enemy was overwhelmed, the Military began dispersing tactical nuclear weapons to the surrounding communities. Only a few hours after New York was destroyed, they touched down in Philadelphia. Twenty minutes later they lost a third of their force that happened to be too close to a nuclear explosion. 

They adjusted. They changed strategy. They wiped out all major military installations and all potential nuclear arsenals over the next few days. They had, had complete surveillance of the planet since they'd arrived and had gone back and figured out which vehicles leaving certain military installations were likely to have had bombs on them, and where they had gone. Anywhere with a small population and no significance in regards to infrastructure they destroyed from space. This had been anticipated, however, and the bombs had been moved several times by several vehicles, often to quite inconspicuous locations. 

They eradicated the populations of Canada and Mexico thinking, correctly, that Americans would protect their own first. Similarly, they destroyed Eastern Europe and Germany. They realized that Pakistan and India had not sent out their bombs, destroyed their facilities, followed by the population. China had so few weapons per population, fewer that were small enough to transport, and fewer still that had been moved without being tracked. They whittled down large population areas they considered to be low risk. 

Two weeks in Africa was gone, Australia and all of the island nations of the Pacific were gone. The only country in the Western Hemisphere with a population was the United States. France, the United Kingdom, and Russia remained in Europe. 1/4 of the population of China was all that remained of Asia. Israel was all that remained of the Middle East. All in all around 750 million people remained. 

No one should have been surprised by the next move, everyone warned everyone else against it, but in some areas there were no alternatives, and humans are creatures of habit. They poisoned all major water supplies. Within a day half the remaining population was lost. At the same time any vehicles on the road were being destroyed from orbit.

Humans spent most time indoors. Small communities centered around clean sources of water were formed. People learned to live off the land, what roots and berries were edible, and how to hunt deer, squirrel and other game. Winter came to the Northern Hemisphere, and tens of millions more died. 

A rumor spread, that a functioning military intelligence base was reporting that nearly a hundred more ships had arrived. They were sending down hundreds of transports that must contain hundreds of thousands of aliens a day. They were apparently colonizing. One colony, in a now abandoned but still mostly functional Beijing, erupted in a mushroom cloud about a week after arrival. 

The retaliation was swift, three of the largest remaining population areas left were attacked, and two of them became nuclear wastelands. Then hostile activity stopped. Then the diplomats arrived. The remaining human population would be left alone, they said, if they abandoned the coasts, abandoned all areas heavy in natural resources, all cities, if they moved inland to the country, and if they gave up all electronic devices. Humanity would not come within 50 miles, roughly, of any colony, and if any alien came in contact with a human, the human's life would be forfeit. Many argued. It was clearly a stalling tactic. They might have ground installations that could detect the presence of a nuclear bomb, or they might decide that the remaining land that humans held could be forfeit, vaporized in the name of their own safety. However most agreed to go. The ones that didn't were killed, though two groups managed to get off two more nuclear bombs. 

Two years after the fact those that had left were mostly left alone. The aliens were mostly busy with establishing their colonies, integrating their technology, implementing key economic pillars. They seemed to stay in their cities, though they sometimes visited the same monuments and natural wonders that humans used to appreciate. A few of their leavings made their ways into human hands, mostly trash though. 

The human population continued to decline, partially due to inability to adjust, partially due to the infeasibility of maintaining certain populations with only so many resources, and partially, at least if you believed some, due to sabotage efforts by the enemy. For instance, a water supply may suddenly go bad. Fears of the water going bad became so great that all across the world certain special humans were thought to have a special power, that they were able to bless the water. Many laughed at this practice, acted as thought they took part as a joke, but many took it seriously, almost matter of fact. Soon enough it was common practice to have a priest bless a water supply every morning. Those that laughed, continued to laugh, but, they did not get sick. 