"Madame Chair."

I took in a gulp of air and tried to calm my nerves. This was it. After years of planning not just by me, but every prime minister after World War II. All the subtle moves, stratagems, and seemingly meaningless provisions in treaties have lead up to this. All or nothing. 

*Pull yourself together, Lisa.* I shook my head and took a deep breath. Either I would do it, or I wouldn't. The plan was already set in motion, I just had to catalyze it. 

I stepped in to my office. There were no familiar scattered files, ink stained sofas, or crumpled papers. It was as a leader's room should be, but never was, clean, crisp and orderly. This was not my room, in was Prime Minister, soon to be Chairwoman, Rodriquez's room. 

I stood behind my desk, and placed my palms on the desk, leaning forward. My black hair shrouded the very edges of my vision, but the digital world map and the flashing  "LIVE" symbol in its corner. The map had red dots in some of the most important cities in the world: New York, London, Dubai, Mumbai, Paris, Tokyo and so on. And there were some black dots in some seemingly random places. In the Andes, Himalayas, in the middle of the Sahara Desert, on an uninhabited Pacific island. 

Right now, most of the educated world was watching me. The Canadian government had announced that Canada would be making an international statement of utmost import.

This was it.

"Fire." 

All across the globe, almost simultaneously, 43 missiles launched from the last 4 "telecommunication" satellites the Canadian Space Agency had launched. I watched silently, intently, and the world held its breath, unsure of what had just happened, but aware that something was wrong. 

Soon enough, the red dots turned blue. 

Successful hits.

It was around that time that the black dots turned green. I held my breath. This was the most important moment. If our BRITE "telescope" couldn't intercept the strikes, I, and I alone, will have single handedly began the end of the human race for absolutely no reason.  

The dots remained green. 

The scientists had said there would be a delay, this was normal. 

The dots remained green.

How long does it take for the MIRVs to reach space? Was it already too late? 

The dots remained green.

The shadow that had been in my head this whole day, hell, the last three years, began to grow, it wasn't going to work, I was a colossal idiot, the biggest villain in-

And then with no warning, one by one, the dots turned black.

I let out a breath I didn't know I'd been holding, and realized I had left scratch marks on my wooden desk. Behavior unfitting of the Chairwoman of the world. 

I gave a thin smile into the camera. "And so it begins," I proclaimed, as the world as we knew it ended. . 

***
If you liked this check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)

    