This one will be more difficult than most. I can tell by the way he meanders around the truth. He is an experienced old man. Likely a lawyer or something in his old life. 

"And you said that you've had zero kids? Did you ever consider having one? Did you even apply?"

He definitely has the old man act down. Uncomfortably reliant on the chair arms. Shaking slightly every time he reaches for his glass of water. 

"Well... it isn't that I've never wanted children. My wife has always wanted a little boy, and we did apply a little while back. It's just that I have never had the heart to go through with bringing one into this world."

Does he actually know what we do here? That isn't possible, not for this geezer. Everyone that has discovered our purpose is subjected to indefinite interrogation. No one survives. At least, that's the rumor anyway. 

"Do you know why you're here, Mr. Santiago?"

There is no way that I can buy his act. If he were such a typically moral old man, he wouldn't be so adept at oral avoidance. No one with this relation to the truth, with this determination to hide his words, could be a normal civilian. 

Looking around as if he were lost, "well if I have to guess, I would say this probably has to do with Gertrude. She has been eating the neighbor's fish again, hasn't she?"

Psh, as if I would believe that one. Gertrude? I doubt he even owns a cat. 

"No Mr. Santiago. We aren't the local police department, although we are using one of their.. rooms. We are a small global government agency that specializes in selection. Do you know what I mean by that?"

Of course you do, but you won't admit that since you are employing the first stage of thought penetration prevention, naivety.

"Government? Does this have to do with my pension checks?"

Pension checks... does that mean he is a former government employee? From before the transition? This old man can't just be an ordinary person. With the verbal and physical communication experience of a director.. at least, and he was a former U.S. fed.

"Not at all sir, your pension is totally fine and the checks will continue to be delivered to your home."

Lying is the most essential part of a Talker's job. Yet it never gets any easier. I wish I was one of the lucky ones that truly likes what they are talented at. 

"Oh dear, that is good news. My wife's savings is almost run dry, so her livelihood is dependent on my pension."

Didn't I read in his file that his wife had kidney failure from diabetes? The treatment for that is hundreds of thousands of dollars... what kind of pension is this old man getting?! I'd barely be able to afford that on my tier 6 salary...

Heavily sighing, "Okay, Mr. Santiago. I am going to be straight with you, since you clearly aren't just a normal old stubborn man clinging to his life. I am tasked to interrogate a subject until I extract their last words. My agency creates a list of candidates, most of which are in their 500's, with less than 2 family members still alive, to be... freed of their suffering. We do this for the progress of humanity, so that we can have children, a future generation, so that life can continue. Do you understand?"

Better to reveal this information and be honest with someone like this man. Simple logic games won't work on someone of his skill. I have to create a false sense of trust... that is, if I am right about him. 

"Oh dear, that is quite cruel. But I understand that the leadership does what it has to, in order to preserve the life we have. However, I don't understand why I am on the list, I am only 324 years old." 

324! I completely missed that in his records. How could upper management send this guy to me... so young. There have to be at least a thousand people above him on the list. Any doubts that he is just an ordinary citizen are gone with that piece of information. 

"Who are you Mr. Santiago? What did you used to do for the government before the change?"

What if he knows something about the origin of the agency? About the transition. He could be the cache of knowledge about before the transition that I have been searching for!

"Well, to be honest I don't remember most of the first 100 years of my life. It was quite a long time ago, and my memory is very fickle and hazy. I really have no idea what it was that I did when I worked for the government."

Wait... I do recall a rumor from years ago, back when I had first passed my examination and received my badge, it was my first year. It was something that Dave Carson has said before being decommissioned.. something about the founder. He told us that he believed the founder was still alive, even though everyone in the agency knew that he was dead already. He said something about memory loss... the old school way of being fired, before we needed the space. 

Could this man really be him? The council obviously wants him dead for a reason. If he truly is the founder, he would know everything about the creation of the agency. Everything that I need to know. I would be hundreds of years ahead of schedule! I would actually be able to destroy this godforsaken place..

"Sir, how would you like those memories back?"

To be continued...?
