I pull the HAZMAT suit on, the crinkly fabric settling over me like a shield. Not that it would do much in a worst case scenario. We weren't sure if there was hazardous material in the void between moments, but it wouldn't matter if I couldn't get out. At least it would protect me from the initial blast of radiation in the trip.

"How's prep going, Harrison?" Smith pops his head into the room.

"Shouldn't I be asking *you* that? I'm just pulling on some clothes, after all." No need to tell him about how I'd thrown up everything I'd eaten the past 24 hours a few times already. 

"Right, right... well, Dr. Egglemen has the machine up and running, so we're just waiting for the time window to open." Smith hesitates. "Have you seen the latest numbers that Douglass ran?"

"No. I've been trying not to think about the numbers right now." Thinking about the numbers meant thinking about failure, and I didn't need that right now.

"Well... he's thinking there might be something in there. The time-space. Something about the Euclidian geometry being just off enough."

"Smith, we've been over those numbers a million times, if not more. There's nothing *in* there. At worse, I'm going to be loss to an endless void, screaming the whole way down." I pull the helmet on. "So, on *that* cheery note, let's get going."

I stand in the tube, watching the arcs spin lazily around me as Dr. Eggleman puts the final coordinate touches on the controlling unit while Smith and Douglass watch the output feeds. Above them, the clock reads 08:00. Eggleman smiles and gives me a thumbs up before she presses the button.

The arcs speed up, flashing blue to purple, pounding me with radiation waves and light, the display forcing me to shut my eyes, lest I be blinded.

I open them again when it goes silent. Too silent. Am I lost in the void?

No. I'm still in the tube. But it's dark. Too dark. The only light is from the clock, which now reads 20:30. Forward just a bit more than expected, but still within acceptable parameters.

But where's everybody else?

I open the tube, fumbling for the emergency pack we stored on the outer case. A flare is all I need, the red light giving me enough to see by.

What I see is horror. Douglass, or what remains of him, is splattered against the computer array. Eggleman's head sits on the control unit. And poor Smith seems to be scattered along the floor, his blood splayed across the floor. Almost as if to spell *sorry*.

What the hell happened here?

I barely feel it through the suit as a tentacle wraps around my leg.