The Devil was playing a slow, mellow tune as I crept into his rocky lair dug into the side of a mountain. He stopped playing, and looked at me, or rather he looked through me and sighed, "So... Another wrongdoer enters my fiery abode for *eternal damnation*" promptly followed by him rolling his eyes slowly. 

"I- I don't understand, why am I here?"

"You don't recall? Maybe this will remind you", he groaned as he swished his hand and rose up a fire from which a forgotten memory danced.

It was 2008, June. I had just graduated College and had been drinking all night and had decided to go back to the hotel I was staying at to relax, a few wisps flickered and fast forward the memory to me punching my best friend in the face, hitting him to the floor and continuously pummelling his cranium with my fist - him and I had gotten into an argument over girls, he told me he had sex with my then girlfriend on multiple accounts. The fire stopped dancing and flickering. I fell to my knees and sobbed.  "I- I'm sorry, Ryan", I whispered as tears painted my face and cheeks. 

"This, wrongdoer, this is why you are here. Fear not though, wrongdoer, there is a reason I sit here alone in my cavern and play my harmonica humbly, there is a reason I do not have any demons and fallen angels by my side and how no one else walks here forever abolished from heaven and abandoned by the Lord himself."

"H-how co-" I was cut off

"The Lord you see, changed his agreements, these were unbeknown to all Humanity, not even I was told, until *it* happened."

"What is *it*?"

"*It* is the holy purge, the moment of which the Lord decided that he would except all Humanity no matter their actions or race or beliefs, it was at this moment, God abandoned my domain and existence"

"W-woah... So how come I'm down here and not up there?" I ask looking upwards through the hole in the roof towards the heavens. 

"Everyone wrongdoer comes down here first, they usually start pleading and begging for mercy before God takes them up"

"So all I have to do is ask?"

The Devil started playing a soft tune on the harmonica once again - his skill is masterful, in comparison to his size, the harmonica is minute. 

As he played his lair started transforming as though his skill would turn locks and cause doors to open.  Lava started flowing from the roof into a small pit which I could only guess to be some form of pool. Parts of the cave walls would recede down and show the outside of the cavern. My body was shaking, I was awe-stricken by how majestic Hell actually is, beautiful rivers of lava flowed down hillsides and ash covered fields, acres upon acres of ash covered fields!

"This is beautiful" I uttered under my breath

He continued playing and tapping his huge foot on the floor as if the floor was a bass drum. I didn't want to leave.

"So, what do you do here? What would I do, if I were to stay?"

"Sit here, in silence, maybe have a chat or go for a walk through my fields, anything really. There's a few empty bars if you fancy yourself some liquor."

"I want to stay"

The Devils eyes started to gleam and shine with tears, his mouth picked up and he smiled at me, humbled.

"If you're sure," he exclaimed. 

"First however, do you have another harmonica? Any tricks I could learn?

The Devil set down his instrument and clapped his hands three times, they boomed through the room and another harmonica slowly fell from the ceiling and into my palms.

"Here, you have an eternity to learn, just as I, use your time wisely, wrongdoer"




[this was my first post here I kinda like it] 

