It was a bright and glowing soul, strengthened by the hardship it had endured and overcome. On the crowded plane of limbo where souls were claimed, the Gods spotted it at the same time: it was a plain, blinding white, not tied to the colours that indicated any of the religions. 

Atheist. 

Kali's nostrils flared as she sensed this one's power - the soul had accomplished great deeds during its life, but wasn't done quite yet. No, it wasn't yet time to claim him. Rebirth was due, and she itched to plant a seed of direction in the soul's mind that would serve as guidance in its next life - 

"Reincarnation awaits, blind one," she told the soul, and its soul regained some of the shape it had in life as she addressed him. It had been a comely human once. "You must turn towards your spirit in the next life, for then - "

"Pah! Cannot you see this one is tired of human life, you four-armed wench?" an old god said - he towered over many of the Gods, but Kali matched him for height. 

She gave a smile that caused the others to look aside, as they remembered. She smiled that way when empires crumbled and armies clashed and slaughtered one another, it was the smile she reserved when chaos reigned. The two ravens on the old man's shoulder screamed in response, but he just gave a grim smile in return. 

"You don't scare me, Kali," he growled, and turned to the soul, who had regained his shape and was staring silently at the gods, his eyes wide and dazed. "Join my ranks, young man. Your soul has yet to give its allegiance, and therefore carries great power. Come drink with my warriors in Valhalla, as we ready ourselves for Ragnarok."

The soul opened its mouth to speak, when a gentle-faced man approached, his bare feet hardly making a sound.

"This man has battled and struggled enough, Odin," he said, and touched the soul's shoulder, who trembled under his hand. "He should rest by my side in Heaven, where I can use his strength. It's not too late to be saved, Liam. Yes, I've known your name since birth, and remembered it, despite what you've thought of me throughout your life."

Liam squeezed his eyes shut as more Gods, and representatives of Gods, approached, adding their voices to the growing babel of noise. The Prophet Muhammed engaged the bare-footed man, in what looked like a argument they knew well. They were interrupted by the booming laughter of a terrifyingly large and muscled warrior, who wielded a glowing, jagged white spear of a weapon that resembled a lightning bolt. 

"As if he'd prefer *you* when he can visit Olympus, not to mention the Elysian Fields. I mean, Jesus, just look at you. You look homeless with those bare, dirty feet. Have a little respect for yourself."

Liam gaped as they forgot all about him and began to squabble. From the corner of the crowd, a bare-chested, sun-tanned man with a falcon head was watching him intently, as if deciding whether Liam was worthy of his consideration. And a portly man with kind eyes was settling down in front of him, legs crossed, wearing a gentle smile in the face of his confusion.

"I sense you are deeply troubled. Meditate with me, my young friend, and you will know - ," he began, only to be interrupted by at least four of the gods now crowding Liam. 

"Oh spare us the meditation, Gautama Buddha, we don't have all month," one of them groaned.

It was too much to take in, to try and understand. Liam reached for his voice - it was difficult to remember how to speak - but he managed it at last.

"Please! I - I've always believed in what I can see, in tangible facts. In *science*. Obviously you're all real, I can't deny that anymore," he said desperately, and they turned to him as one and fell silent. "You're all true. It doesn't make *sense*. How does all your versions of the afterlife exist at the same time? Where in space does it exist? For that matter, where are we right now - what exactly *is* limbo? Why have you allowed human suffering to continue, what do you all do with your time if you don't interfere on Earth? Why - "

"Oh, goody, here we go again," one of them said, rolling his eyes. The others grimaced as well, and many started drifting away from him. 

"Wait, I have so many questions!" Liam yelled after them. "I - I want to choose an afterlife, but I don't know! I just want to understand..."

But they were leaving. Finally, the only remaining gods grinned widely at him, waving an arm in greeting. It was a long noodle. Two meatballs were pulsating slightly in the twisted, golden strings of pasta that made up his face.

"Oh, not you too," Liam said dispiritedly. "I thought that whole thing was a stupid joke, you know...mocking other people's beliefs. Making fun of the religious was never really my thing, either."

"Careful with your tone, boy, I'm the only one still waiting to pick you up," the thing said, wagging a noodly finger in remonstration. "Would you rather be stuck in limbo forever? C'mon, I have a lot of plans for your soul. You're just what I need, kid, a solid bit of real power. My version of the afterlife is a little sparse still, surprisingly few of the atheists actually choose me when the others start fighting over them. Can you believe that shit? No loyalty at all, you guys. But I don't think you have a lot of choice left, do you?"

"I guess not," Liam muttered. The others had all gone, and were crowding around a different soul now.

"Hey now, don't look so glum!" the spaghetti creature said. "I've got an endless supply of beer at my place, how many of the others can say that, eh?"

Liam grinned as if pleased, and decided not to mention that he didn't drink alcohol and would really prefer a nice cup of tea. Even this guy might have his limit. 

------------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.