"Well, Damn." Life said sitting on the edge of the void. Blackness was all that covered us, but she still looked bright as ever.

"I guess you owe me an 'I told you so', huh?" She said looking over her shoulder to me. The, now dying, flowers in her meadow like hair complimented her even now. The rivers that flowed along her physique seemed to be slowing, the roots of her fingers beginning to writhe and wither. She was fading, just as she lived, with grace.

"I don't enjoy being right. If it is any consolation to you." I said, slinking towards the edge to join her. She scoffed loudly. I wanted to laugh at the idea that Life could scoff, but it wasn't surprising that she could show scorn, especially with how the humans treated one another.

"You love this don't you?!" She wrinkled her face in conclusion. "Of course you do; you won. Here I go, fading into the ether for the rest of millennia and yet you will still remain. The only eternal thing about this meaningless existence I just don't...I mean I...ugh!" She threw her arms back in frustration, the snow of her mountain peppered shoulders flinging off into the void, dissipating instantly. She feel back and landed on the nothingness we sat upon in silence. "I just don't get you." She said in a defeated huff.

"Says the most confusing of the two of us." I said in a laugh.

This caused her to sit up and look into me. Her sky filled eyes looking into me with genuine interest. The clouds dancing in the center like hurricane pupils. They were chaotic as she was, rapidly changing, destructive, and yet so wondrous.

"You were so...abnormal. I mean, I am Death. The great equalizer. I am the humble doorman, escorting you to some kind of end. I was with them all. All the little aspects of you needed help passing through that final step. But no matter how many I took, you just stood there in the dark, fighting, pointlessly looking for meaning in it all. Daring me to keep coming back for me. I commend--no, I admire you for that."

She chewed my words for a minute, before repositioning herself comfortably.

"Well...I can honestly say I didn't see you as the essential type Death."

"Could I be anything else?" I said mustering a debonair smile. And Life laughed. The entire aspect of Life laughed in the face of Death was funny. There is a metaphor in there somewhere but that is nor here or there. Because in this moment, despite our laughs, and fond farewells, was the Final. The final everything. The final laugh, the final argument, the final battle. And the final dance. I rose to my feet and presented a hand out to her. She looked at the gray skin that flashed in front of her, offered me an eye roll.

"Come on, for old time's sake?" There was a pause and then a hand was grasped. Before I knew it, our heavenly bodies allowed us to float across the void in spectacular movements. We span, jumped, and crossed all about one another. If heat could exist with us in this moment, we would have been set ablaze with fervor. We began one final spin, her hair whipped around us and she let out a hearty cry. She was happy, and that made everything matter.

It made everything have meaning.

She looked at me for a moment, the winds of our movements wrapping around us. The springs from her eyes, that had always flowed steadily, had begun to flood. I grasped her hands and gave her a twist, pulling her into me like all great dancers do. And I don't know if you are aware, but the Dance of Death is pretty famous.

"You know, you are so full of yourself, Life I mean, not something condescending." I awkwardly chuckled out. She looked up at me with water filled terrain replacing her normally dry face. 

"What do you mean?" She said sniffling. Can Life sniffle? Eh, best not to think about these things. Especially when Life is knocking on the door looking for answers.

"Even now you are bursting at the seems with it all. Passion, beauty, skill, grace, you are just so..Just, thanks." I planting a kiss gently to her nose. "For never giving up what you were."

She looked at me with jubilation in her eyes. She needed to say more, they always do wish to say more before I come. But just like all the others, the seams of the door appeared--even here in the void--and the ironic punctuality of interruption remained true. The door creaked open, blinding light shown through and she looked at me. There was no fear, worry, or even sadness in her. The only thing I could see was a mild annoyance. Like that of a child of divorces parents whose run out of time with his Father this weekend. The dad would shush him and quell his worries with comforting words. "Don't worry, we will always have next weekend."

But for us, this was Felina.

I released her in a spin for the ages. She turn, contorted, and flew towards the light in a sultry blaze. As she passed the threshold, she looked back, screaming back to me.

"I don't want to die. I can't be without you!"

My mouth dropped in surprise before it upturned into a smile. Funny, I guess everyone suspects that Death smiles in the end: "Hah! I won, suckers." But it was never like that with us. Because I always loved her from afar. Hoping one day, she would say that. 

"Honey, you're not dying." I said as the door began to close, I could see her the curiosity in her face, just before recognition. She gave me a panicked look. Sorry, Doll, that is the name of the game.

"I am!"

The door closed, taking my light with it.
