I have no writing experience but I have an idea so here goes.

*"Jeez, what is it this time?"* I feel the tips of my ears and tail finish materializing. It's pitch dark, I hear multiple muffled screams, and feel like I'm in vertigo. My eyes adjust and I can faintly make out one of those bags humans use to carry things on long trips but I see no clear way out of the stygian space. I let out a sharp yowl to get his attention. 

"Schrödinger!" I hear him call from just below with relief. There is some shuffling, a clicking sound, and then light fills the cramped compartment. I deftly maneuver past him and find myself on what I can guess to be one of those flying contraptions humans ride on to get to faraway places quickly. They're panicking and it hurts my ears somewhat. 

Peering out one of the left windows, I see a bosky mountain range with rivers snaking between them and the gloaming sun above the horizon. The left wing appears damaged, the craft is veering the same way, and we are losing altitude at a moderate but noticeable rate. Unfortunately, I can't help from where I am. I'll have to leave him for a few minutes. 

I hop back into the compartment and try to paw the door closed. His elation fades, "Where're you going?" he asks, his words shaking a little. I look at him smugly and respond with a wink. "Okay, if you say so." He closes the compartment door. I close my eyes and concentrate. I feel the flames beginning to disintegrate my fur, my flesh, my bones. And just before it feels like I may perish, it all starts coming back, my ashen remains reform into my charcoal-colored self. When I feel whole again, I open my eyes and find myself in the woods of the mountains.

I see the flying vehicle I was just in careening towards my general direction. I judge it's turn and descent rate. I begin to sprint away and farther left of it on a course to intercept. through the thick treeline, I catch a rutilant glimmer of one of the wide rivers. I hear the whine of its engines grow louder, looking back I constantly re-calculate and adjust my direction and speed. The brush rustles beneath my paws and I stir up ground-dwelling critters. The engine is almost deafening now. With one last glance, it would appear the craft is about 100 meters behind me. I veer far right for my last adjustment. *"Now!"* I leap onto the tree in front of me and dash upwards, flaring my fur and growling all the way up. The tree flitters to life as countless camouflaged birds spring from the branches and take flight. *"That should do the trick."*

.....

As we come closer to the ground, I begin to wonder if Schrödinger had simply abandoned me, that this task was far too great even for him. Her? I don't know and I guess I'll never find out. 

Our right wing looks like it's about to trim the treetops of one of the mountainsides when a flock of birds spring from the leaves. Multiple impacts rattle the aircraft, like being in a metal shed and having rocks thrown at it. Suddenly, there is an unmistakable sound of a small explosion from the right wing. One of the engines has blown out and damaged the wing. I feel a chill run over me and sweat form but this only lasts a fraction of a second for I sense the aircraft beginning to level out. "*The damage caused by the birds on the right wing equalized the lift on both sides of the aircraft!*"

Below us, I see one of the many rivers now approaching. Over the speaker comes the pilot's voice, "This is your captain, all passengers assume the brace position." I curl up and squeeze my eyes, waiting anxiously for the impact. With monstrous force, I am shoved forward, the seat belt pulls against my gut. The momentum lasts a few seconds as we slow to violent halt. After we have stopped, a few quick-thinking passengers rush to the emergency doors and force them open, inflating the life rafts as we begin to evacuate. As I board the raft, I look upon the shore and see the silhouette of Schrödinger, their fiery orange eyes glaring at me. I give a subtle nod, he returns it and retreats into the treeline.