Danny was what you would call a "gambling savant". He never seemed to lose any bet, no matter how outlandish. Everyone knew his gimmick: he'd flip a coin, call the sides in air and whatever it landed on, he would bet. Eagles or Patriots? He could tell you who would win based on a coin flip: heads for Eagles, tails for Pats.

He took his summer job savings of $1,000 and parlayed it into just over half a million before he turned 19. The hawks, the sharks, the eyes in the sky all monitored him. They dissected his behavior, strip searched him upon walking in the doors, and even tried to take away his coin. But all to no avail, it was never the coin. It was just *him* that was lucky. Short of losing all of his fingers and being unable to flip a coin by himself, Danny was going to win every bet until the day he died.

To the rest of the world, Danny was just Mr. Lucky. Couldn't lose if he tried. But the sharps knew his secret and they were tired of seeing Danny stroll in every day like clock work at 11 a.m., place his bets, finish his virgin ice tea and walk out... fully knowing that he would return later that evening and cash in a handful of winning tickets that would clean them out for anywhere from $100K to $5M depending on the sporting event of the day.

They hired a hitman to trail him. It wasn't easy... Danny had grown accustomed to sharps, sharks and desperate gamblers hounding him for the secret to his success. He had hired his own bodyguard to drive him to and from his home on the outskirts of Vegas. His home was surrounded by 10 feet walls and monitored 24/7 by a private security company.

The hitman knew his routine and knew that around 9 pm every evening, his driver turns down Las Vegas boulevard on the way off the strip. He runs the red light and times it perfectly as his lifted SUV smashes into the passenger side window of Danny's chauffeured Bentley.

The violent collision produced the most sickening sound, almost an explosion to anyone within 100 feet. When the smoke cleared and everyone could see inside the car, Danny was there. Eyes closed, still breathing, almost calm and relaxed. The hitman approached the car to see if he was successful.

Danny opened his eyes and looked at the other driver. "Something told me to sit on the other side of the car this evening."

He stepped out of the vehicle as emergency service responders descended onto the scene and the hitman could do nothing but look on. Danny left town and was never seen again.