He called, and I followed.


I ambled up the shore and fell in line beside him. I was the first of his handpicked vanguard; we motley few who stood beside him as his weird, hypnotic charisma drew crowds to him. They came like so many worker ants, clustered in town centers and huddled on hills like so many sheep to hear him talk. And talk he did, drew them in with clever words and memorable speeches. They stuck in your head, they did. He turned their minds first against their moral leaders and spread the seeds of unrest against their government. Subtle anarchy that disrupted the flow of life and the organization of society. He walked among them, forging individual bonds and capturing the awe of the common man with flashy parlour tricks. We cleaned up in his wake, passing out information of his next destination, collecting and herding the willing, believing masses. It was a clever, bloodless revolution. He was a clever, oily man. Accusations and suspicions rolled off his back. Somehow violence never knew his name. And I was his right-hand man, always the first to throw my voice against the crowd and pledge my allegiance. First to acknowledge the legitimacy of his reign. I was his solid foundation and he promised me the earth and more for it.


I had just organized the biggest entrance yet. He rode in triumphantly on steed, surrounded by his adoring, brainwashed masses; I kept all eyes on him as he raised his hand in violence for the first time. The New Kingdom has come! What an impact on the crowds! The city buzzed with his name. We celebrated that night, just him and his inner circle. We drank too much wine, high on the faith in his power. Even I was caught up in the revelry, and let my guard down. It was a harrowing moment. He almost caught me; he accused me plainly, which I feverishly denied.  He couldn't know about the concealed blade I would stab him with in his drunken stupor tomorrow morning. It was so simple. I had worked far too hard and for too long for this moment. All he needed to do was stay alive for me. I thought he could charm anyone, hold anyone in his stupor, except me. And apparently Judas.


I was so close! I lost my temper as they came to seize him. He was MY quarry! I thought I could still get him when they led him away. Slip in unnoticed and have his blood hot on my hands before sunrise, but the crowd saw me, recognized me, slowed me, and drowned out my protestations. He disappeared around the threshold, out of sight, and now out forever of reach. I wept. I was so close!


I'm dry-eyed now, grimly watching the Son of God gasp his last tortured breaths upon the cross. I feel cheated of my prey. I turn my back on the crucifix to find Judas the arrogant, Judas the Heroic - freeing the masses from his evil influence watching smugly, arms akimbo. The rope is my hand is coarse, and calls for a neck.