It always started on that ball field. I'd been beaned on the head by a pop fly that I couldn't catch. I don't remember what distracted me or why I was so terrible as to let the ball hit my noggin rather than put the glove up or get out of the way; I only made that mistake once and could never piece it together. I'd open my eyes and stare at the sky spinning around me before I could sit up and glare at the kid behind the home plate that was covered by the T-ball stand. Poor kid hadn't even thought to start running, just stared at me on the ground. He must have been about as good at sports as I always was. 

I've lost count of the times I've restarted my life. Sometimes, by the end, I would forget that I was stuck in the same century forever. I'd be old and in bed, and the respirator would push my last breath into my lungs before they stopped working. And I would be surprised to wake up on that ball field with the worst headache you can imagine. It WAS the worst headache I'd ever had by that age; but I couldn't remember much before then anyway. It's been hundreds of years since I was younger than five.

The first time it happened, I had kept surprisingly calm. I thought it was a dream, a last memory of a dying man. But I never woke up from that dream. Things happened just as they had the first time. I couldn't always remember the mistakes I'd made, of course. A lifetime is more than fits into a head of memory. Only the things that stick out are the things I carry with me each time. School was easier, of course, but it was never very hard the first time. It was a toss-up on how well I did - sometimes I remembered how important the homework was to my grades, and others I thought about how much it didn't matter because I was just going to have to do it all over again anyway. I'd do enough to get into the college I wanted and couldn't bring myself to do more.

The biggest things in my life I couldn't change. That was the hardest part. No matter how much I talked to my dad, or begged him to change his ways, he still died of a cocaine overdose at 55. He never made it to any of my weddings. I couldn't finish college fast enough to shave off the last year, no matter how hard I tried. I would try to convince him how bad it was, how it was damaging his nervous system without him realizing it, but he would just smile and nod and humor me. It wasn't like he was a junkie - he just did it on the side on weekends once in a while. He still went to work and brought home money. Most of the time.

My girlfriends, I remember. I knew which girls I had a chance with, and which ones would politely friend zone me before getting too close. Sometimes I could fix mistakes I made in the relationships, and other times I fell into the same traps. Angel, I tried the hardest with. Once, I managed to stay with her after high school was over. I convinced her to go to the same college as me. We married, had a beautiful daughter, got good jobs with good health insurance. But it wasn't enough. She still died of a heart attack at 25. The only difference this time was that it was me who was left as a single father explaining to our five year old why Mommy wasn't coming back. My first loop I hadn't appreciated how much pain her then-husband had went through. When it was my turn, I couldn't help but question whether the extra eight years with her was worth the fifty without her. I know you're supposed to treasure the time you have, but some wounds don't dull with time. The loop after that I stayed away from her. I would look at her from afar, and see the shy girl closed off from the world just waiting for someone to discover the wonderful person within. It's almost Christmas. Her grandparents are going to die in a murder-suicide soon, and I won't be there to help her through it this time. I never did figure out how to stop that event either.

I'm not a bad person. Sometimes I had to keep reminding myself of that. But even when you know what's in the deck, you can never be sure what cards you're going to get next. The painful memories always seemed to drown out the happy ones. I found love several times - sometimes with the same women as before, sometimes with new women I hadn't met in previous loops. But when we had kids, they were never the same. I fell in love with the kids I had with Meredith, and got to be a grandfather several times over. We had a happy life. But when we had kids on the loop after, they weren't the same kids. One had down's syndrome. One had cystic fibrosis. They took all of our effort an energy to take care of, and when they died before us it was more than our marriage could handle. I found myself longing for our first family, and hated myself for it. After that, I tried to find a new wife each loop. 

Life became routine after a while. I couldn't get excited about the new movies coming out, because I'd already seen them. I watched kids talking about how they wished there were more than three Star Wars movies, and even camped overnight to get tickets to the prequels, not having the heart to suggest what a disappointment they'd be. I couldn't get concerned with world events. Elections always turned out the same. I was never good with dates, other than 9/11, and couldn't warn people of terrorist attacks. I was a passenger on a train with no stops, no rail changes. I could pick my seat, but it was always the same trip. 

Sometimes I would make a mistake big enough that I didn't want to stay for the consequences. A drunk driver killed Marlene and our three kids, leaving me unscathed. I was done with that loop. I didn't want to go any further. But I knew, I just KNEW that if I killed myself the loops would end. I couldn't pick the end of a cycle, but I could pick the end of ALL cycles. And I'm still too much of a coward for that. Maybe one day I'll decide I've seen all there is to see. I actually got to go to Egypt and Japan last loop, as well as Paris for the third time. It's amazing how much there is in the world - you can never see it all the first time through. But even with all the pain, and the joy, and the loss, and the longing, I still have to see more. Maybe I'll try being a doctor this time. I never did get any better at sports, no matter how many times I tried; I just wasn't born for it. Being a teacher was very rewarding, but I miss those students like I miss my own kids. I died early that loop diving off of the Great Barrier Reef when my respirator jammed - drowning is definitely the worst way to go - and I never got to see any of those kids I nurtured grow up.

Maybe this time it'll be better. Maybe this time I'll get it all right. Angel used to say that "One who is content to die has truly lived a full life." I've been through more lives than I can count, and I'm still not content. Not until I save her.