How many years had it been?
At this point would it be better to say decades?
 Would it matter to keep track? 
These were the questions that plagued Mr. Hughes.
 For the longest time it seemed like he was visited. Not from friends or family but fans. The first day was when he was barely 5. A curious individual had come to his parents door asking for a picture. His father ran them off but they came the following day and they brought friends. Eventually the people were innumerable and cheerfully aggressive.

 Eventually, Father Hughes relented and let them take pictures. But what was assumed would calm the tides only served to whet the .  of the visitors. Eventually police were called but they couldn't make heads or tails of the situation. The visitors weren't from town. They weren't even American. When asked for ID the police were shown holo-images for some place called Terra. 

They started trying to arrest the trespassers but this proved to be a grevious folly. Officers who confronted the visitors were harassed by them in turn and in some case psychologically tortured by information no one should know. Officer Brown's guilt over the death of his mother, Officer Clancy's depression issues, Officer Sanchez's issues with drug abuse. The visitors used every flaw in the officers' lives until they stopped coming. 

Mr.Hughes never had a reprieve from the visitors' presences but he was spared their cruelty. Of anything they met him with warmth every day. His kindergarten graduation filled a small stadium. His prom was a sell out event with spectators cheering every moment. They​ future Mrs. Hughes was awestruck by this. His high school graduation filled an stadium with hundreds of thousands cheering when his name was announced. 

By college even though he was an average student and a below average athlete he was considered a markee player and some of the smaller NFL and NBA teams were considering drafting him and had numerous brands reaching out offering him full contracts to associate with him. He politely declined every invitation as in his mind, the last thing he needed was more fans. 

After college the visitor would ebb and flow with some days barely crossing 200 people asking for pictures or handshakes or kisses or autographs. Among other things.  On high traffic days Mr.Hughes had come to accept he'd need to buy new clothes and bed spreads. And a trash can. 

On the day of his wedding he had over a million people there. His wife was awestruck by the sheer volume of people present for their wedding. But it wasn't their wedding it was Mr. Hughes's wedding day and she was a bystander. Still his patience continued.  The visitors had become an extended family pf sorts. Before the ceremony though he never understood the answer he would ask, "why are you here?" and the crowd would always respond, "For you!"