"Casey Fuller... greetings." An unfamiliar voice rang out. His voice was calm and steady, yet lacking some emotion. I was laying on the ground, hardly knowing what happened.

"Wha... what the... who are you?" I asked, slowly getting up. Pain seared through my body right out of no where.

"You should've died." The unfamiliar voice said. A cloaked figure with a black scythe stepped forth into my sight, and held it out to me. "Well still, another like me, then. Your soul is out there, and you'll need this to get it out."

I managed to push myself off the ground, my body aching. I grabbed the shaft of the scythe and balanced my weight on it. I looked around the scene. I saw myself there... and my best friend, Caroline there. She laid there with me, bloody, bruised... I wanted to cry.

"She'll live." The cloaked figure quietly said. "You on the other hand... I suppose your still alive per say but..."

"But what?" I asked, my voice cracking as I held my tears.

"An encounter with death is dangerous. You should find that soul of yours... and I should find mine. She lived because you took the blow first, and you pushed her back perhaps unintentionally though, your far more injured in comparison."  The cloaked figure replied.

I gave my glance to Caroline. At least she was safe, I at least can take solace in that.

"Anyways," The cloaked figure replied. "You have until the age of 21 to find your soul. Your personality as a human will diminish slowly Ms. Fuller, until your almost a lifeless husk. You'll become a peon of death."

I had 6 years to find my soul, it hit me, our world is huge. I'd need to travel all over the world to find it maybe.

"Death goes anywhere it must." The cloaked figure said responding to it's thoughts. "Anyways... recover soon, good luck Ms. Fuller."

He read my thoughts. He read my motions also. My strength weakening. My eyes felt heavy, weak. I rested for the first time as an agent of death. Another reaper like the one who came to me, someone needed to find their soul. 

***

"Another agent of death hmm? Glad to see she's joined us." Thanatos said.

"I for one, am not. Why are there people with no soul?" Anubis asked.

"We only take souls." Thanatos replied. "Let's hope she does the job well.

***

Notes: Meh, maybe I'll make a Part 2, only if people want it.