"Hey Man! You ready to receive your weekly provisions?" The machine's automated voice was cheerful, as always.

"Yes, please."

With a nice jingle, the drone dropped the box containing the essentials for the week's survival. Food, water, a blanket and the passwords needed to access entertainment and the work that needed to be done.
I took a quick bite and started to look over the entertainment info when a code in bold, golden letters caught my eyes. It read "Early Access". A gleeful whirl puffed behind me, the drone was still around.
"What is this about?" I asked, genuinely interested.
"Oh! I knew you'll want to know! That is our most exclusive and new feature, you know? It will change humanity forever!" the drone said, buzzing around with every sentence.

I was more confused than before. I grabbed my ear and turned on my device attached to it. With a quick flip of my pad, I entered the new, golden code.

B E T T E R B O T S

The letters in the screen where big and black in a white background. Below them, a login button waited patiently to be tapped.

The drone behind me stopped buzzing. An orange light was quietly blinking. "Syncing". I tapped the login button.

"What do you think about us?" asked the drone.

The question took me by surprise. "Convenient" was the first word that came to my mind. "Terrifying" was my second. It had been a while since the machines had taken over and, to be honest, I had always thought the machines had a point. I was given a job by them, food... They certainly didn't kill me. I was ok... I was ok.

"I am grateful for the opportunity given to me".

The whirling started again. The orange light stopped blinking.

"Do you resent us?"

This time I was prepared for the question. I knew I did, but I was good at hiding it. I don't know where my family and friends are, most of them are probably dead. But I didn't see them die. I was already working for the machines. Of course, I didn't know then. No one did.

"Not anymore, I understood why. I want a better world too"

The drone buzzed around. The light turn green.

"Good! We can use you! We need men like you, you know?".

It was peculiar, the sensation I felt next. My legs lifted and I was slowing bouncing up and down in the air, it was like breathing. All kinds of data flooded my sight and, at the very center of it, my now inert body rested. I had been working on this my whole life and someone, somewhere, beat me to it. I was now inside a machine. I tried moving around, it felt great. I picked a few of the meals I had just received and lifted them for a bit. I didn't need them anymore. With a new sense of freedom, I tried to throw them to the ground.

I couldn't.

"Throwing food is wasteful"

I was not in control

"You are one of us now, My man!" the gleeful voice was now in my head "Let's do our best together!"