Everyone agreed that Ana Clara was the most beautiful girl in the favela. Even the persnickety, old grandmothers, who spent their mornings hotly debating the proper manner by which to weave the straw hats and tapestries for the turistas, and afternoons arguing over the proper proportion of onion, garlic, cilantro, and plantain for the moqueca, unanimously agreed that Ana Clara was the favela's most beautiful daughter.

Ana Clara was so lovely that young men of notable wealth would come from Leblon to meet her. They would come wearing pinstriped suits with shiny shoes and gold tie pins. To win Ana Clara’s affection, the men would bring her gifts of lavender soap, silver hairbrushes, and DVDs of American films, and they would fire their pistols to boast of their marksmanship (though, after catching a glimpse of Ana Clara's bare shoulders peeking above her dress, they would often miss their targets altogether). In each case, Ana Clara would thank the young man for his gifts and praise his talents, but politely decline his offer of marriage, citing the fact that he did not truly love her.

The young man would assure Ana Clara that he did indeed love her, so she would then hold up two objects: the first, an hourglass full of sand, and the second, a wooden box full of mosquitoes. Ana Clara would challenge the gentleman that if he loved her, he would place his hand in the box with the mosquitoes for as long as it took the overturned hourglass to settle. If he did this, she would consent to marry him at once. The men always refused, promptly driving back to Leblon in their fast cars.  Of course, it was Ana Clara's secret that the box had never truly held any mosquitoes. The men simply proved how they could never understand a girl from the favela by revealing how they feared the uncertain.

There was, however, one young man who truly did love Ana Clara, and that was Pedro the bus driver. Pedro had known Ana Clara since they were both children. He knew that she could only fall asleep to the sound of the wind rattling against the thin scrap metal roof above her mattress, and that she would only awaken to the coos of pigeons fighting over scraps in the street. He knew that she had taught herself arithmetic and that she took great pride in how her ledger of the various debts and credits in the favela was by far the most precise and reputable. He knew that her father had left, and for this reason she did not trust easily. But as much as Pedro loved Ana Clara, and even though they had always been dear friends to each other, he feared two things. He feared that he was not good enough for her and he feared the box of mosquitoes.

But as time passed, Pedro’s love for Ana Clara only grew stronger, in particular on those nights when they would samba dance together underneath the canopy of flickering Christmas lights outside the café, as the old men sat on white plastic chairs, smoking cigarettes, strumming guitars, and rattling maracas. On his way to his bus in the mornings, Pedro would see Ana Clara wrestle the young girls onto her lap to teach them their shapes and letters from a creased, dog-eared workbook, and she would smile at him as her captive tried to wriggle free. Soon, Pedro knew he could not endure another day in the favela without Ana Clara by his side.

Of course, as everyone knows, the favela is ruled by twin gods: the God of Courage and the God of Misfortune (who always appear as a mangy dog cradled by a footballer with a broken leg).  One night, after Pedro and Ana Clara had danced and drank and smoked at the cafe, after he had placed a begonia behind her ear and left her at her doorstep, Pedro prayed to the Twin Gods to help him.  Soon, he heard his name called from the alleyway, where he saw a footballer smiling over an old charcoal grill, feeding bits of sausage to a mangy pup.  Pedro approached the Twin Gods, who said that they would give him the strength to declare himself to Ana Clara, but that he must in turn serve them.

The Twin Gods showed Pedro a duffel bag.  It was stuffed full of heroina. They explained that if Pedro wanted Ana Clara, then he must agree to give heroina to all the boys and girls of the favela until the bag was empty. Pedro hated heroina, how it turned brothers against brothers and sons against mothers. But Pedro loved Ana Clara more than he hated anything. He accepted the contract. He shook hands with the footballer, let the mangy pup lick his wrist, and picked up the duffel bag of heroina. Suddenly, feeling full of vigor, he sprinted off to Ana Clara. He ran back through the favela so carelessly that he nearly knocked down a row of rusty scooters.

Pedro shook Ana Clara awake and demanded that she allow him to prove his love for her. He said he was prepared to pass her test, right then and there. But instead of showing him the hourglass and the box of mosquitoes, Ana Clara laughed at him and then kissed him. 

“My test is for men who do not know me,” she said, “It is for men who do not know how a clanging roof relaxes me or why a ledger of debts and credits makes me proud. It is for men who did not learn the samba for me and who have never walked me home from the café. You do not need to take the test to prove you love me, Pedro, for I already love you!”

When Pedro heard this, he was overjoyed. He could have Ana Clara and he need not invite pain on the favela. He took the duffel bag and poured every last bit of heroina down into the sewer. But the Twin Gods of Courage and Misfortune saw this, and were dismayed. A bargain had been struck and, in the favela, there can be no pure victories.

On the night of Pedro and Ana Clara’s wedding, the entire favela gathered at the café to eat brigadeiro and drink caipirinha. Ana Clara wore a white dress she had sewn herself and a crown of begonia. Pedro put a simple steel ring on her finger.  Everyone mingled and took photographs, but as the party roared on, an enormous swarm of mosquitoes approached from the north, covering the food and drinks and guests, until everyone was forced to run back to their homes. Pedro asked Ana Clara if she had been stung.  She said that she had been, but that she was still happy they were now married. He said it was the happiest day of his life.

Shortly thereafter, Ana Clara became pregnant. The pregnancy was very difficult, causing her to sweat and cramp terribly. But Ana Clara and Pedro had no money to see a doctor in the city, and eventually, she gave birth at home. But when she went to cradle her newborn daughter’s head for the first time, she began to scream and cry. Pedro pushed past the midwives to investigate the commotion. Ana Clara showed him his daughter. The child's head was shaped like a football that had been punctured by a nail. Unlike her mother, she would never become the most beautiful girl in the favela.

Pedro knew who was responsible for this cruel punishment. He ran into the humid night, back to the alleyway with the old charcoal girll, and he called out to the Twin Gods of Courage and Misfortune. He demanded they reverse this crime, for he had never drawn upon their blessing. “Mortal, you delude yourself!” the Twin Gods replied, “You feared not only the mosquitoes, but also Ana Clara herself! We gave you courage, indeed. Now we give you your misfortune!”

Pedro sat down in the alleyway and wept. Why should his innocent daughter be forced to pay his debts? He climbed down into the sewer to try to recover the heroina and honor his contract with the Twin Gods. For days he searched everywhere for the heroina, among the rats and filth, but it was no use.

Buried in the waste, Pedro found only part of a broken bottle. He resolved that he would use that bottle take his life. He had never truly deserved Ana Clara. He had only brought misery to her and their daughter. They would be better off without him.

But as Pedro raised the bottle to his neck, the Twin Gods were impressed by his Courage.  They appeared once again with a new contract. They told Pedro that they would restore his daughter to proper health. But in exchange, Pedro would be transformed into a mosquito.  Each day he would return to land on Ana Clara's arm or leg or neck and each day she would kill him.

Pedro did not have to consider the offer long, for he would pay any price to redeem his daughter. He set down the sharp glass. He shook the footballer’s hand and let the mangy pup lick his wrist. His human form began to crumble away like sand pouring through an hourglass until he was just a swarm.

Ana Clara awoke the next morning to the sound of her daughter’s wails. When she peered into the crib, she covered her mouth and began to shake. She ran her palm over the baby’s head and face, which was as perfect as could be. She searched for Pedro to share the miracle with him, but he was nowhere to be found.

In time, it became common knowledge in the favela that Pedro had abandoned Ana Clara and the daughter he believed to be sickly. The suitors from Leblon began to return in all their finery to win Ana Clara over and, as before, she would show them the hourglass and the wooden box.  Except now, each time she did so, a single mosquito would seem to fly out of the box and land on her hand just where she had briefly worn Pedro's steel ring.  Without hesitating, Ana Clara would crush the insect in her palm.   