Your eyes stared at the sky incredulously but your body continued to drive the car.  You could feel your heart rate racing, what the hell is in the sky?  Yet you kept driving without a hiccup.  You can't bring yourself to pull over.  Every part of your brain said to stop damnit but your vehicle and the traffic around you kept flowing like usual.

Your suddenly vaguely aware of numbers floating around you.  Suddenly you knew they were your stats.  Level 40.  980,000 exp.  You feel your car slowing at a red right.  You can see the sheer terror on a mother's face as she walks by, but her walking is completely normal, not rushed.  Your experience counter ticks up to 980,010.

Your startled by a nearby voice that comes from no where.  "Damn dude you never even maxed out driving?". A young sounding reply, "nah it's so boring, you can't even run baby strollers over in this game."

"True true, so babies like you can play" taunted the older voice.

"Fuck off dude." A long pause. "Awww yay my exp counter is back.  It's been so long.  This expansion is going to be awesome!  How do we even get to Sky Town?"

" Go back to your house and check your mail, you'll see an invite."

You snapped back to the world around you and realized you were just pulling your car into home.  You saw your elderly neighbor checking his mail.  The disembodied young voice was muffled.  "Be right back."

And there you stand.  In your yard, unable to walk, move or cry.  Just stand and look at the world in front of you.  The same street you lived on for 20 years.  The grass you edged last Sunday.  The gdamn neighbors dog barking at seemingly nothing, but you can see him trying to chase his own numbered stats.

Then everything goes black.  Large yellow letters appear in front of your eyes.  "SYSTEM REBOOT IN 60 SECONDS."

More muffled sounds, then suddenly a crisp "DUDE, what the fuck"

"Earth put out a notice they have to reboot bc some consciousness bug.  Jesus this games been out so long how do they even still have those."

Blackness.