Filing papers, pushing pencils, whatever you want to call it; everyone makes jokes about bureaucracy. Not me, however. Everyone in this world is born with some kind of talent. Most people never find a good use for theirs. I mean, when you spend your entire life tending to your farm or at the forge, there isn't much room to apply an ability such as an affinity for arithmetic. The only way to really apply an obtuse talent would be to become some kind of wandering adventurer and hope you find a niche you can fit in, but with all of the monsters, bandits, and demons on the roads, most people don't even bother. 

I was lucky enough to discover what was an almost perfect fit for mine. I was born with the power to navigate complex organizational systems. When I realized what I could use this power for in school, I would daydream about what I could achieve with it. I could be a treasurer for the king, being able to figure out the best way to distribute money to make the kingdom as monetarily efficient as possible. Or I could be a general, creating formations for my troops that the enemy would never be able to understand while picking apart their strategies like a child's toy. Too bad that's how I chose to spend my time, since I could've spent more of it studying. In the end, my less than mediocre grades made me fall by the wayside of the kingdom's attention, and I was barely able to scrape by to become a lowly bureaucrat at the capital.

Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with being a bureaucrat, especially with my power, but it feels like I'm doing my daydreams a disservice by living my life like this. I could be doing so much more! Those thoughts were pretty strong, and I guess one day I might have "expressed" those feelings a bit too much. I remember that day pretty well- I was home from work and one of my old classmates, who got into one of the prestigious government programs I had my eyes on when we were still in school, decided to come over to my office and flaunt is wealth and position. By the time he finally pissed off, I was pissed off. Luckily it was the end of the work day, so I headed straight home, entered my bedroom, and began to scream into a pillow.

"It's not fair! That jackass thinks he's better than everyone else because the king 'noticed him' and gave him a cushy position. I'm the one doing all of the real work that keeps this kingdom afloat. Man, I'd kick is ass! If I could. What I wouldn't give for that opportunity!"

As soon as that last sentence left my lips, I felt a draft emanating from the other side of the room. I looked up and saw something I was not ready for. A being with red skin, sharp horns, and a wicked smile stared back at me. I was speechless, too frightened to verbally respond. I never expected to see a demon with my very own eyes, they only came to people who specifically summoned them or who they thought were ready to sell their soul for something. Did I really look that pitiful? The demon began to speak.

"Human... " it began and paused. I know I was probably crying, but did I really look that pitiful that it hesitated on my species? 

"It seems that you are looking for power. Great power. And it can all be yours, for a small price!" The demon pulled out a quill and a piece parchment filled with incredibly small-print font and a line at the bottom. "Just sign here, and it can all be yours."

"Buh buh buh... ooolll" I sobbed as I wiped my face on my pillow to try and look a little more presentable. Why I was bothering, who knows? It's not like giving a good impression of myself to the demon would be worth anything, seeing as how he would've had to have a pretty poor impression of me to show up in the first place. "Bullshit!"

The demon looked at me quizzically, the smile on his face never changing. With my voice no longer shaky, I continued. "I'm not falling for it, you want my soul. I kind of need that."

"What? I would never steal something you need! If you don't believe me, just take a look at this contract! You won't even see that word 's-o-u-l' written here!"

I took a look at the parchment, it looked infinitely more dense than my school books. I didn't even want to bother reading through it. But as soon as I lazily skimmed a random sentence, I felt something within me; it was my power activating. I immediately understood what the contract entailed and how the demon's words were only technical truths. The contract would grant me temporary physical strength to put me slightly above the focus of my ire, and in return, I would in fact be giving up my soul. It's just that all references to my soul were written in some kind of verbose metaphysical description of the soul, rather than just using the word. The demon said he wouldn't steal it, but this contract is an agreement where I would willingly give it up to him.

A thought came to me. Maybe I could negotiate the details so I wouldn't lose my soul and get something actually helpful from it.

"Hey, any chance I could change the terms of that contract? I don't like... uh... some of the *wording*."

"By all means, go right ahead!" The demon handed me his quill and placed the contract on a table. His smile was still unwavering. Plenty of people probably made this request in an attempt to feel like they have the upper hand. Judging by the demon's demeanor, they were all probably unsuccessful. I raised the quill and felt my power guide it more than my conscious mind did. The first thing to change was the metaphysical description of my soul. The contract basically described it as any kind of non-physical force, group, or entity that directly controls and guides my conscious thoughts and actions as well as my metaphorical ticket to a good afterlife. The quill began to scratch out words and write new ones above them and after a moment, the description read as any non physical force, entity, or construct that exerts control over my decisions or assists in my ability to fulfill my decisions. Of course, the actual description was much more complicated than that, and I made sure to get my power to make it as misleading and look like the original one as possible.

Next on the list to change was what I would be getting. I asked the demon a question. 
"Hey, I need power to get my revenge and everything, right? I saw the word 'physical' on here, I think it means how strong you are. I'm going to need to be smart too, so how about if you make whatever this is going to cost me stronger for the time being too." The demon looked at me quizzically for a moment, and then gave me an affirmation. This was looking interesting. The quill came down again and rewrote the benefit as something along the lines of "complete and unyielding control and ownership over any forces or entities that allow me to fulfill my desires."

Finally, there was how long such powers would last. The original contract gave a timeline of until either of us died, so even if I didn't kill him, there would be some kind of hard time limit. I changed this to read until his soul had ascended to a good afterlife. With enough fluff, it would be all but impossible to see the difference between the two versions.

I took the contract back to the demon and he quickly glanced through it. He looked quite surprised that  there were so many changes, but relaxed when he thought to himself that they were probably meaningless. It looked close enough to the same to him. He gave the changes his affirmation and I quickly signed.

"Well, if that's it, I'll get going. And thanks for your soul!" the demon said, as he turned his back to me and walked towards the wall. He began to laugh, but abruptly stopped when his head hit stone and his nose began to bleed. "Why in the seven hells didn't my portal open? And what's this? Blood? My blood?"

The demon slowly turned towards me, his smiling facade replaced with a death glare. "Mortal... what did you do?" I never knew demons could experience horror, most stories showed them creating it in others, but this was completely new. "What did you do to the contract?"

