"Here who comes?!?!" I yell. My question is met with a "Stay quiet sir and please get on the floor, NOW!!!". 

Doing as I'm told, I drop to the floor. As I hit the floor, the sounds of bullets hitting wood, metal, and brick, erupt around me. Suddenly, my quiet vacation condo that I've been in for less than a day is a war zone. Of the 10 men in my living room/kitchen area, two immediately drop to the floor. I'm no military expert, but I know death when I see it. They're gone. One of the soldiers yells "Shit sir, Wilson and Hawk are hit!!". As he starts to rush towards the two men, the man next to me, who I assume by his age and being addressed as sir by the younger man is the leader, yells "Stay where you are and continue to guard the perimeter. Getting yourself hit won't help them any!" 

I quietly look at the guy and say "What's going-". Before I can finish the sentence gunfire erupts again. The men in my house are all returning fire at rapid rates. It scares me, immensely. But, at the same time, it feels almost familiar to me. I can't even explain it, but it feels almost cathartic. However, before I have time to analyze that feeling further, another wave of fire hits us, and I'm immediately cowering down again on the floor. Well, cowering may be a bit of a stretch. At this point I'm kneeling on my good knee, to keep the weight off my prosthesis, should I have to get up and move quickly. I'm not concerned about running on my prosthetic, as I've had it for as long as I can remember. It truly is apart of me now. 

While kneeling down and scanning the windows like the soldiers are, I happen to glance over and notice that when Wilson was hit and dropped his weapon, it fell right next to me. I reach down and pick it up, and turn to the leader and say "Do you mind if I use this MP5-N?" He smiles at me in a way that seems so calm and happy in this otherwise awful situation and says "Sure! How'd you know what it was?". The question takes me back a second, because I can't remember how I knew what type it was. Maybe I read about it while reading my uncle's gun magazines. Yeah, that's it. 

"I read about it in a magazine. It's a favorite of the Seals and is one of H&K's most popular weapons they've ever built." He laughs-ACTUALLY LAUGHS DURING A FIREFIGHT-and says "Yes sir it surely is." The way he calls me sir all of a sudden doesn't seem polite anymore. Instead, it feels authoritative. I put the gun up to my eye, and at the next round of incoming fire, I pull the trigger and start firing. I'm taken aback by how calmly I'm able to fire the weapon. I thought it might jump in my hands, but instead I held it strong and fast, extremely self-assured. I notice after a few seconds that everyone around me has stopped firing and is looking at me, almost proudly. The leader smiles and says "You're doing great sir! We're gonna win this battle. I can feel it." While on the surface I know he means the firefight, underneath I feel his words have a different meaning. 

As I glance again around the room at the various men, I happen to make eye contact with one of them. "Bubba?!" I ask incredulously. He looks at me and his eyes grow wide as saucers. He says "Yes sir!". I say "Wait a minute, you can't be Bubba! He died years ago." The guy who looked like Bubba drops his face and almost seemed to fight back tears. The leader, standing next to me, says "No sir, that really is Bubba!". I stand up without flinching and say "Lieutenant Williams, I know what one of my best friends in the world looks like!" The leader smiles a wide open grin, and before he can even respond I realize what I'd done. I called him by his name. I knew this man. Suddenly, looking at him, i realized that we knew each other well. I start to feel lightheaded. 

Before I can fall over one of the men grabs my arms and sets me on the sofa, while another man hands me his canteen. I look at them and without missing a beat say "Thanks Doc, thanks Reyes". They both smile back and say, proudly "Yes sir". Suddenly, as I look around my condo, I notice that the walls look pristine. There are no holes. The windows are all still in place as well. I glance down at Wilson and Hawk, and immediately feel a deep sadness, as I know these men from somewhere, but I don't quite know where. I do know they're good men. I start to choke up when, as if on cue, they both sit up and say "We're okay Commander. We weren't hit." 

Suddenly, it hits me all in one fell swoop. I remember being in a Humvee driving through Fallujah. I remember cutting up with Bubba, my driver, and Wash, our machine gunner who I now recognize standing in the corner of the room, proudly sporting a large scar on his face. He laughs and says "Its just like a told you sir, Seals don't die. They only regroup and fight on." As he said it I noticed a happy tear fall down his face.

As I suddenly go back to that day in the Humvee again, I suddenly remember hearing a loud rumble, and then...silence. I have no idea what happened after that. I don't even know how I got to where I am now. But, I am very aware of a few things. One, is that I am a United States Navy Seal, that these men are a key part of my team and unit, and that I suddenly feel more alive than I ever have. 

Just as I stand to my feet, the door of the condo opens and in walks a man in Navy Khakis with a Seal emblem on his chest. I instantly recognize him as my superior officer, Captain Trabecka, and immediately stand at attention and announce an officer is on deck. He walks straight to me, returns my salute, and then takes my hand in his and says "Damn Commander James, Im glad to see you again." As I reply thank you he suddenly surprises me by hugging me, and as he steps back and wipes tears away from his eyes, he said "Damn Will, We sure have missed you." 

At that point, he takes me by the arm and leads me out the door and says "Look, we've still got a long way to go, but this exercise has done a lot I think to help you regain your memory. I know it's been a long two years, but you've healed up extremely well physically, and we want to get you back on track mentally. Now, our next course of action is..."

As he continues to outline my newly needed plan of recovery, I hear the men in the house, MY men, all break out in hugs and cheers, as my second in command, Lieutenant Williams says "All right boys, let's gear down. Drinks are on me tonight!!!" 