*She'll be dressed in red and gold, carrying a sack of gifts.*

That was what the man had told me, some 50 years ago. I was young then, just starting life for real. I had plans and dreams and...

I'm getting ahead of myself.

I was working as a barista back then. Nothing special. Just a college kid making ends meet with a part-time job that became a full-time one. Christmas Eve was in full-swing and I had stopped by the store to grab my coat and a quick drink.

That was when I met him. All dressed in a tuxedo with top hat, white scarf loose around his neck. He smiled as he saw me. "There you are!" was his sole exclamation.

And that's when he told me that he wanted me to pass on a message. To a lady I'd meet in New York City in 2070 on this very night.

I'd heard of this: immortals and time-travelers passing on messages to one another. But I wasn't immortal! Or a time-traveler. Was I?

Before I could protest, he was gone, whisked off into the snow.

I changed my major the first day of the next semester. If I were a time-traveler, I needed to know history and some science. If i were immortal, they'd be good to keep my eye on the pulse of the wotld.

I became an academic, giving lectures on the potential effects on known travelers.

When I turned 50, I realized immortality wasn't mine.

At 60, I realized neither was time.

I retired to New York City, spending my days writing my memoirs and summations of studies.

It was a cold Christmas Eve when I ventured out into the blizzard to the local coffee shop. It was a tradition I kept these past ten years. The final mystery left to solve.

And here she was. Dressed in red and gold, with a velvet sack of gifts at her side. A Santa cap was nestled on to of Auburn curls.

I hobble over to her excitedly as she waits for as coffee.

"He says 'Merry Christmas'."

The woman blinks and then sighs before smiling. "Oh, that impossible man. Making others send his clues? Let me get you a drink before I go see my Sweetie."

Disappointment floods me. I was a clue? A time-hopping scavenger hunt?

But the woman in red is kind and gentle and insists on joining me for Christmas Eve when she learns the blizzard kept my family away. From her bag she provides a feast from the stars and I learn of wonders I never knew from far-flung moments in time and space.

And as I drift to sleep, I recall in the vaguest of thoughts of the man in the tux linking arms with the woman in red in an alley across from that coffee shop long ago before disappearing into a box.