"Plot armor," I replied at my new cellmate. 

- What!?" Is that.. that is a joke.. right? Is it?

I knew this was around the last time I would see him. His sentence was just about to start. In the next 5  years I had developed a fondness of this unlucky bastard. He had such a dumb face when I said things he didn't understand. I felt kind of sad for the way he'd eventually meet his end. A really nice kid, with such a gruesome fate. But honestly, his death had been a nice surprise back then. He just showed up out of nowhere. 

"Not really. If you let go of the concept of free will, you will live truly free. If the outcome of a chain of events is certain, you either die in one moment or you don't. I simply know that the next riot is not going to kill me or even injure me. Every encounter I have in here, is based on that premise. That's how I got the nickname, that why the guards and gangs leave me alone."

He squinted his eyes and nodded slightly, as if a new truth had come to the fore. Of course, he would adopt to my shitty philosophy and it would cost him his life. To me, that only meant his existence. Besides, it got him respect too. 

- "So that's it? That's how you become a legend?"

"Worry about the past. Don't worry about the future." 

Another line of nonsense that the kid would utter everyday. I always liked my self fulfilling prophecies. Technically, it rang true to me. My tomorrow would be his yesterday. And tomorrow, I would see my old cellmate again. A guy I never knew, but apparently can't really get along with. The kid didn't know, but I am gonna miss him. 

23.39. Twenty minutes before I go back one day. Since I found out, I always made sure I was K.O. before midnight. I did not want it to go in reverse. I did not want to relive the past 24 years again. 

—



- " It never fails to amaze me. This is probably the worst thing I have seen in my entire career. And then I take a look at your record. Clean as a whistle. No prior offenses. A beautiful wife, nice kids. A published novel. Kind of dark for my taste but still. You've invented some kind of technology I do not understand.  You've got more money than I can ever hope for.

And then, out of nowhere, this. "

The room only had mirrors. What a way to start the day. It must still be around midnight. My entire body ached and my clothes and hair were soaking wet.

 " .. a Family?", I muttered. 

- " Well look at that. It speaks.! You dozed off there for a second. I am surprised you are still able to put up with this amnesia shit." 

It looked like this fat moustached guy was interrogating me or something.

" What?"

- " Your trial was today. Your amnesia claim did not stick. You are going to prison, boy. For a long time."
 
" Can...." 

The pain made it hard to speak. 

" Can you please tell me what I've did?", I screamed. 

" You are one disturbed soul, son. The persecution finally was able to pin you down because of dozens of documents on your computer which described everything in detail. 

Apparently, you planned everything since you were 8 years old. Funny how these things turn out. You were in the news. Child prodigy, they called you." 

Then it hit me. I was about to do something terrible. Something unspeakable. And I would write it down, not to forget it. To repent the rest of my life.

But not in there.

Freedom. I did my time, right? I did it. The corners of my mouth curled upwards. I smiled. 

- " You were almost acquitted, you know. I started to doubt myself. Felt guilty for waterboarding you for eight weeks. And now you are smiling you sick fuck. "

Yeah.. whatev... wait what?




Edit: minor corrections