Finally alone and in the artificial comfort of a hospital bed, it would be incorrect to say she had no regrets.

  


Missing out on graduation, going to university with her friends. The late night talks and early morning rushes. The excitement of living out on her own, the slow foundations of building a family with her special someone. All of the places in the world that had yet to be seen, just waiting to be experienced.

  


Such thoughts crossed through her mind in a jumbled mess, leaving a sour taste worse than any medicine. With each passing minute they threatened to become a black hole of despair with no escape in sight.

  


(But that's not entirely true is it?) Pause. The vortex stopped short in its onslaught.

  


(Indeed I'll probably miss out on some things, but I mustn't forget what I have. If I ingore everything that I've done up till now, then I really will lose it all.)

  


How long had she known this was going to be how it ended months, years? Though she downplayed her condition, up to the point of being hospitalized as if it were nothing in front of her friends, the sensation now...it was different. It was taking a little too long to get feeling back, a little too hard to catch her breath. Yet even in what she knew to be her final moments, to act like some tragic damsel was beneath her. And the pang of annoyance that she felt at herself for briefly becoming one, oddly, amused her greatly. 

  


(Self pity is reserved for those who have the luxury to waste time. Isn't that why I struggled in such an ugly, shameless way thus far? Doing what I wanted, saying what I wanted, making friends, making enemies. Wasnt it all so I didnt spend this moment going 'Ahh if only I had one more day'?)

  


As her strength failed her, a regret she did allow herself to keep was the inability to slap her cheeks. Her gym teacher was right, skipping arm work was a mistake. Suddenly a thought occured to her.

  


(Oh shoot, I'm not going to get to eat the crepes the others promised to bring tomorrow.)

  


Ultimately she allowed herself two.

  


Breaking away from the chains of despair, instead she chose to remember fondly the adventures she shared with her friends across the past two years. Each memory being played for the last time one by one, whether she was aware of this or not no one can say. 

As the moon rose to its peak in the night sky, her chest felt heavier and heavier. The repetitive sound of the medical equipment in her room grew more and more distant. She wondered briefly if death was truly going to be like an eternal sleep. 


(Aha...I'm glad I was able to keep it together in the end. I hope the others stay strong too, I dont know what I'd do if they all got weepy over me. Though I guess having people care enough to cry over me once isn't terrible either...)

  

And like that she was gone.

  


  


..."I must say, it's rare to find someone like you, especially at your age."

  


Her eyes flew open. Though it would be more accurate to say it was her conciousness as she no longer had a physical body.

  


There was no mistaking the figure before her. Be it by instinct or by presence, she knew death had come.

To describe him would be difficult as he held no permanent shape, though the darkness he was was roughly humanoid. 

  


"Are you saying that because you think I'm mature enough to accept my conditions or too childish to know any better?"

  


Her voice came out effortlessly and rang clearly, much to her surprise. And in response death chuckled.

  


"As quick as that response came, now I'm not sure about either. You know who I am and what I bring." Death spoke matter of factly, as a statement, rather than a question. He regarded her for a moment and continued.

  


"We've been within arms reach for quite some time now, I even came to visit a few months back in may. For how resilient you've been, I must say I'm surprised how you are now."

  


The girl shrugged and gave a rueful smile, "Ah. Hehe yeahhh. Running like that in the summer heat probably wasnt the best idea, but it was worth it in the end! If I didnt do anything, as hopeless as they are, those slow idiots would've never confessed to each other...though I probably did shave off a couple days by doing that huh?"

  


"Try months."

  


"Huh, did it really?" She tilted her head to the side.

  


Death was silent for a moment and sighed. "No. But it's no fun if you dont react."

  


"Its quite cruel of death to joke you know. I am still a teen who was robbed of her adulthood." She turned her head as if to pout.

  


Death held up what couldve been palms in apology. "Hmm, I suppose you're right, that was in rather poor taste wasnt it? I apologize for being so crude."

  


This time it was her turn to laugh as she reveled at the absurdity of it all. To think death, the ender of all, was apologizing to her of all people. For all the theories and myths humanity came up with, for death to be so...so human, never crossed her mind.

  


"Well since you're here I guess its game over isn't it? What happens now, do you lead me down the rabbit hole to a never ending story or do you cut me down and take my soul?" She peered behind Death to look for his trademark scythe, of which he had no indication of having.

  


Death shook his head, "there's no need for that. Believe it or not I find it distasteful to even use it. I am the great equalizer, and such a tool has no place among those who havent got a choice but to meet me."

  


"Hhhmm, so what does constitute its use? What makes me special from those who get it?"

  


Death smiled darkly, a sight that was as confusing to comprehend given his lack of form as it was unsettling.

  


"This very conversation is proof that there isn't a need for it. You speak to me openly and without fear. And though you fought me in the past, here and now at your final moment it's clear you accept me with open arms. My scythe is the embodiment of natural law, used to rend the fools who would try to resist or otherwise attempt to cheat me. Though if you would still like to see..."

  


Behind Death a form began to condense itself from oblivion. And even in its cloudy form, just its existence caused fear to grip her in an iron vice. Her mind went blank and unlike any sensation she had ever felt before pure despair ripped through her entire being and clawed at her from the inside. (Hell doesn't have a gate, *it's entrance is the scythe!)*

  


Death coughed and the form vanished in an instant. "Does that satisfy your curiosity?"

  


If measured with time, no more than a second had passed, yet even though she no longer had a body, she shivered as if in a cold sweat. Nodding slowly she thanked whatever power that be that she didnt make the foolish mistake of trying to cheat death and pitied those who would've dared try.

  


"A-hem, curiosity indeed, if that's all it takes...I feel bad for the poor cat." She swallowed hard before shaking the last of the feeling away.

  


"Hmm?"

  


"Nothing. So does this mean it won't hurt? Do I dare ask if I get to go to heaven?" Even after witnessing Death's terrible power, she couldn't help but to still question the possibility. A timid hope crept into her voice. 

  


"I'd assume not for the first question, and I don't know the answer to the second."

  


"Ehhh? What an unsatisfying answer."

  


"I am but the doorman to the other side. Where you go once you cross over is entirely up to something even I cannot fully comprehend. It is rare that I am able to observe someone for so long...but as I've been able to monitor you longer than I can most others, even I would be surprised if you were to find yourself somewhere altogether unpleasant."

  


Death smiled truly this time, without a dark undertone, and she thought that such a smile was dazzling, an image fit for an angel. Death raised a hand to her in gesture for her to take it. As she was about to lay her hand atop of his however, Death paused.

  


"If you may permit me to ask a question of you, what drove you to live the way you did knowing your untimely end was inevitable? I made my presence known to you for quite some time. Within my shadow most give up their will to fight shortly after."

  


The question took her aback. But after only a second of pause she answered, giving Death the biggest, toothy grin that she could. (How unexpected, I didnt think it would be such an simple question.)



"I always knew my ending would be a sad one. But one day, once I finally ran out of tears to cry, a thought occured to me, 'if it's going to be sad either way, why not do my best to at least make it bittersweet?"

  


And with that she gasped Death's hand. And the two left the known behind.