I can feel the chill coming. The wind is ever so slightly more penetrative, the Sun ever so slightly darker, and the morale of the tribe is beginning to diminish. We move through the forest, an ever-shrinking group of hardened souls fatigued by constant relocation. Fifteen of us, all with family and friends who have long since been swallowed by the cold. Fifteen of us, all ready to lay down and die, but continue to walk anyway, perpetuated by some unknown, relentless force.

The trees which extend skyward all around us suddenly give way to a small clearing. The Elder signals that darkness is arriving. This is where we will rest for the night. The Young One raises his hand and points to a small, bizarre-looking object jutting out of the ground in the centre of the clearing. We move towards it, intrigued and perplexed as its shape changes with the rustling of the grass that is slowly enclosing it. 

The Young One approaches it, but I call him back - we have seen traps like this before. I anxiously proceed towards it, crouch down, and wrench it out of the dirt. It is not a trap. It is a box made of material that is completely alien to me. It is grey, but shiny, so that after dusting it off, I can see a reflection my face in it. The perfectly square box fits comfortably in the palm of my hand. I look to the other members of the tribe, wary but curious. The Elder nods, and I pry the box open. Inside is a perfectly clear cylinder. It is open at the top, and residue in the strange vessel indicate that it used to hold liquid of some kind. What its purpose is or was, we may never know.

We have seen these artefacts before, but they seem to be increasing in number as we approach the Great Sea. What we will find there, I do not know, but these small, empty boxes litter the landscape, perhaps completely benign, but perhaps with some unrecognised benevolent purpose. I place the strange box into a sack with the others that we have collected so far, and take up my bow. It is time to hunt.

~~

The weather grows warmer. Some of us are dying, or crippled from dehydration. Some of us go mad with the heat of the desert and are killed by a senior member of the tribe. We were two-hundred in number, but as we move north from the Grand Ocean, unable to outrun the crushing heat that follows us, we are whittled down to just sixty. I have seen dry seasons before, but none so severe as this. We now have only ten Life Vials left, all kept in their padded metal cases machined by our ancestors eons ago. They were an advanced race, capable of beautiful and sophisticated art and technology, but also immense destruction. Now we only know of them through myth and tradition.

As we walk, an old woman collapses in the middle of the group. A small group forms around her, while others keep moving. There is no room to stop for the weak. I rush towards her, and see that she has been all-but consumed by the heat. The only chance for her to reach the Liberating Cold is to give her a Life Vial. The Chief has other ideas. He tells me that the life vials are precious, and must not be wasted on the elderly and frail. In order to be strong as a group, He says, we must eliminate those who are not strong. And His word is final.

The woman extends a hand to me, praying for freedom or salvation of some kind. I take her hand, hold it tenderly for a moment, and then lay it across her chest. The group has left us behind; we are well out of the sight of the Innocents. With a sigh, I remove the old knife from my backpack. I know what must be done. 