We didn’t start out at thieves, you understand. Not in the slightest. Well, Dave admitted recently that his petty crimes did begin a little earlier than my own, but nothing stolen was ever more valuable than a pack of gum, and he called his life of crime by his seventh birthday. 

I, on the other hand, didn’t commit my first robbery until the age of 72. I spent weeks sewing the perfect all-black outfits that wouldn’t get too uncomfortable for us to wear, and I even used a lint roller on the ski masks after the cats snuggled up with them, leaving white hairs all over our disguise. Clad in the right gear, armed with Dave’s old pop gun spray-painted black, we held up the gas station a mere mile from home. 

The proceeds were slimmer than we expected: a grand total of $114. Nonetheless, every penny went straight into the collection plate at church the following Sunday. We may be criminals, but we would never profit from these crimes. That would make us monsters!

Instead, consider this our old-age cry for attention. We tried guilting our kids into visiting more, calling incessantly until they answered the phone and made an obligatory visit. We tried visiting them ourselves, but their hours were long and we always felt like an inconvenience. Plus, at our age, long trips just aren’t as easy as they once were. Now, we’re bringing them to us. Every crime we commit gets a little more attention, and any day now we expect them to fly in and see us. 

You see, our kids have some unusual professions. Personally, I had high hopes that the pair of them would become doctors. What mother wouldn’t love a pair of handsome doctor sons? Instead, they went a different route: Superhero brothers. They always did love the attention, if we’re being honest about it. 

Do I regret making them little red capes when they were younger, or laughing at their adorable little underpants worn over blue jeans? Perhaps. I wasn’t to know the creative costumes would inspire their careers, but there you have it. 

I’m proud they are saving the world, and I know Dave is too. Can you imagine being the parents of those criminals they catch instead? Now, that would be truly horrifying. So I’m  glad they get to be heroes, putting away the bad guys and saving damsels in distress and all that. Would it kill them to visit every once in a while, though? Or do we have to kill, just to get them to visit?