I was far from civilisation. Alone on the dusty highway in the early hours of the morning, there were no signs of life ahead or behind me, just the rich, purple sky studded with silver stars and the endless road. I’d been driving for hours, making the arduous journey back to my hometown, but, as the same scenery rolled on past my window, weariness began to creep in. Suddenly, not too far ahead, I could see a lone payphone set a little off the road, standing out against the scrub as my headlights gradually illuminated its shape. It seemed a good enough place to take five.

I was met with a gratifying silence as I flipped off the ignition, both the engine and the muffled static of the scarcely-audible radio stopping immediately. Unbuckling my seatbelt, I twisted my body round and retrieved the thermos sitting in the back of the car, wedged among my luggage. Tall, utilitarian and, now, about half full of lukewarm coffee. It wasn’t the piping hot cup of Joe I craved, but I still gulped it down gratefully, taking a moment to allow the car to fill with the soothing scent of Arabica. Hopefully the caffeine boost would be enough to fuel me for the rest of the journey.

*How much further is it anyway?* I wondered, unfolding my map and tracing my finger along the highlighted route. A good few hours yet. There were no landmarks along here, little to distinguish one part of the highway from the next, bar the odd sign every now and then marking my place on the long journey. 

*So when, then, did this payphone spring up?* The realisation caught me by surprise. I’d done this journey maybe three-dozen times, and, it seemed, this was the first time I’d seen this solitary payphone. Maybe I’d taken a wrong turn somewhere. Suppressing a small twinge of panic, I opened the door and climbed out of the car, staring ahead before spinning behind me to stare down the way I’d come. It was nearly impossible for me to have gone wrong, not driving along this flat, direct stretch of tarmac. Maybe the payphone was simply a new installation.

As I approached it to investigate, though, I was surprised to see it wasn’t some pristine, unused thing – it was old, quite unlike the ones I’d seen back in the city. A metal box sat atop a squared wooden pole, mostly rusted, with a few odd flakes of surviving green paint, barely visible under the moonlight. There was a coin slot above the phone and keypad, and, next to that, I could see a couple of instructional pictures alongside some embossed information in bold, black letters. I leaned in close, only just able to read them.

**DEPOSIT COIN BEFORE DIALLING THE PAST. CALL VALID FOR FIVE YEARS INTO PAST TO THE SECOND. THIRTY SECOND LIMIT PER NUMBER.**

I was sure I’d misread. I scanned the instructions a second time, but no – this payphone was apparently offering me the chance to dial into the past in exchange for a couple of coins. Logically I knew it had to be the work of some bored prankster, attempting to wreak mild-mannered mayhem by orchestrating unintentional crank calls. But, beneath the twinkling stars and the velvety night sky, a sense of wonderment overtook my better judgement, such that I found myself slipping a little loose change into the payphone and lifting the receiver to my ear.

A dial tone sounded. It was functional, at least. Who could I call? I knew a handful of numbers by heart – my family, work, nobody who’d be particularly pleased to be woken at this hour. *Maybe*, I thought, *maybe I could try my old number.* The phone I’d lost a few years back. I had drunken memories of pulling it from my pocket after one too many beers, probably calling an ex or something equally clichéd. I’d almost definitely dropped it. Or maybe it had been stolen. Or maybe I’d left it on the bar. It seemed pretty daft, but, if there were any number to dial, this was the one.

I punched in the number, each button on the keypad sounding a different note. A second of silence, and then the sound of ringing, a call waiting to be answered. Each time it rang I allowed myself to become a little more swept up in the anticipation – the ridiculous anticipation – that there may actually be a highway payphone connecting me to the past.

“Hello?” Suddenly, a voice from the other end of the phone. Was that my voice? It was almost impossible to tell – I could just about make it out against the sound of blaring music, the throbbing beat of a popular song you used to hear on the radio.

“Hello?” It sounded again. This time, though, my lips curled into an amused smile as the reality of the situation hit me. How could I be on the other end of the phone? I was interrupting a stranger, tricked by a payphone. I rolled my eyes at my own gullibility, running a finger lightly along the instructions before me and letting out a small choke of laughter just under my breath.

“In five years, you will have thirty seconds to talk to you, right now,” I said, trying – and failing – not to sound overly facetious. “Make sure you have something good to say. Because I’m stumped.”

I smirked and put the phone back down onto the receiver.

Clambering back into the car, I took one last look at the payphone before turning on the ignition and pulling onto the road again, refreshed by my little adventure, so to speak, and ready to continue my journey. The radio crackled for a second before, at last, the static died and music surrounded me. I bobbed along, tapping the steering wheel rhythmically, before realising, coincidentally, that I’d heard the song not five minutes earlier. It was the same song I’d heard on the phone, the one that had been blasting over the voice of the man.

But, now, an unsettling feeling began to wash over me. As the lyrics weaved through my head, so too did a memory, something pushing slowly to the surface, teased out by the music and sweeping me back to a moment I’d since forgotten. It was a night out, the night I’d lost my phone. I remembered taking a call, in a crowded bar, from a number I’d never had a chance to look up. And, just crawling in from the periphery of my mind, the end of an incomprehensible message from a stranger, one I could barely hear. But I was sure – I think I was sure – that, just before he’d hung up, he’d told me he was stumped.

I snapped my head round to look for the payphone. But, just as before, all I could see was an endless road.