I decided that there was only one solution: to kill everything and myself with it. Then, at last, I could die.

...what? You expected me to go on some motivational rant, here? To justify my will to omnicide?

Fuck that. 

Fuck that very much. I decided that there was only one solution to the problem of my immortality, but it wasn't exactly a problem that I wanted to solve. Quoth Faust, "Stay! Thou art so beautiful!"

Immortality is a war that I've waged against the frailty in my soul for more than a thousand years - and I expect that I will wage it a thousand ears more. But, though lost friends and hollow moments still seem to gather behind me, I can see the light at the end of the road.

I was Muhammed al-Khwarizmi. I was Issac Newton. I was Charles Darwin. I was Albert Einstein. Here, now, today, you all already know my name: but I will not tell it to you. Not, at least, until this life, too, slips past my grasp.

There are sorrows, yes - but I will not rest. I will not close my eyes. And neither will yours be closed by me.

I want everyone to have the chance, to join me, to while away the aeons left to this world for starlight. And if heaven is a bright day of forever, if hell is high noon without a drink in sight, then, still, I want neither part of them. Because I'm in love with this world. I'm in love with it. Even though I've lost so much, even after all these years, I'm in love with it.

Maybe that's why I'm still here - god knows, walking the road to my final solution would have been the opposite of difficult in the latter half of the previous century, and even now, still.

But I won't. Because it isn't all meaningless, and because there isn't nothing to be done about it. Rather, I think that it's only in an imperfect world like this one that we can chase meaning, purpose, and truth. What is heaven but an idiotic, smiling eternity? What is hell, but a banal, perpetual torment? In either place, all that awaits me - that awaits any of us - is an eternity where everything we do lacks purpose and point.

In a world of paradise, you never have to try to succeed, and in a world of torment, you never will no matter how hard you try. Only here, in the middle, where the two intermingle is there a chance.

And that's all we have, because, in the end, I'm just as mortal as you. Oh, it will take more, for me to die - but in the end, I *will* die.

I am, ultimately, mortal. And that's all I have. A chance. A bigger chance, but still: only a chance. I want everyone to have as much as I've had, if not more - and if that attains, if I can end disease, starvation, privation, and pain - then maybe, the odds of my own chance won't be so bleak. 

And perhaps one day I will give in to weakness. But not easily. No.

I won't go gently into that sweet light.

I will rage, rage against the dying of the night.