I am awake. I can't see, but I know that it is daytime. There is a low quiet rumbling  and down the way. The sound is familiar. I have heard it hundreds of times before but I can't put my finger on it. 

My head is in a fog. I can't seem to open my eyes. My body feels as though I weigh an impossible weight. I realize that I can't lift a limb. I can feel my appendages, but they disobey when I send commands to move. 

The sound, it's the organ from my church. I remember the sound from years of attendance. It has always been a droning background noise that fills the voids between rituals. It was unfamiliar at first because I have never heard it while lying flat on my back. The two relationships have never co-existed and I am wondering why they are today. 

I'm suddenly in darkness. There was a loud sound of wood on metal that prefaced the darkness. I feel myself being carried away. I'm moved somewhere else. 

I'm flooded with familiar sounds as I further regain my sense of hearing. Horns, passing cars, and road noise are faintly audible in the far off distance. I know that I've arrived at my intended location because the gentle locomotion of my carriage has stopped. I feel darkness and still. There is a low lull and I am moving again. The movements are quicker now. We are moving much faster than before and in a less than direct passage. There is only quiet during this trip. 

We arrive again and I am once again moved. This move is familiar to the first. Once we arrive for the third time, I can hear voices just beyond where I am, still distant. I can hear ...crying. This doesn't register at first but the crying sounds familiar. I have heard these voices crying in a recent far off dream. Then, a louder and more booming voice comes through more clearly than any others before. 

"A life too soon lost is a tragedy indeed. We gather here today, not to mourn but to celebrate the life that we had the privilege to witness..."

'What the hell is going on' I think to myself. Awareness floods my consciousness and I start to recall. There was an accident. I was hit. There was no time. There is no time...

I am at my own funeral in a cell of my own death...

I beseech my limbs to gather or muster anything that there is within them. There is no response. The ceremony is pacing on un-halted like an egg timer to my eventual quietus from this prison. 'I have to let them know, it's not too late.' 

It was then that I could open my eyes. In my peripheral there is a flash "Reset Counter: 7212". Has it been that long? Have there been that many attempts? Can this attempt be any better or different? 

Sheer panic floods my being and overwhelms my thoughts. This isn't real, it can't be. I have to be in a coma or dreaming. Can you dream in a coma? I have to wake up. I realize that the sensations are starting to return to me. I feel a pang of utter desolation in my left thigh. 'I was pinned, that's why I couldn't get out' I remembered. I was so mad at myself for not doing more to avoid the hit. I was so mad at my friends for letting this happen to me, both before and even now. 

If I could just let them know. If I could just go back and do something to avoid it. Then the elevator motion started. I could hear a muffled sound rain down. I winced to avoid whatever created the sound but it was halted just before it hit me.

'This is it... there is no time left. I have to leave it all behind.' The rush of "I'm never going to" thoughts came from every angle. It wasn't fair. The elevator ride stopped. There was quiet now. The quiet had grown like a roaring fire through a wood burning stove.  My weight of my arms waned until i could move again.

There was but one hope, but was it worth it. Can I relive this nightmare again only to reach this point? Is there hope? Or do I decide to accept the fate that I have been granted. How long do I lie here is the heaping dirt pile? Why wasn't I embalmed? There are questions that need to be answered. If only I could remember before I start over...

I am awake.