He shook his head and sighed. It took a long time. Where once miracles and beauty reigned, resided cold and dark now. He tilted his head. His shape and figure always changed depending on who he had to travel with, but he always looked young, ageless. His garment was darker than the silent black around him, slithering shadows that were bound to him. Soon, everything will come to a halt. His eyes fixated on the last light, the youngest star. It was once a miracle of color and light, the last hoora against the fate that took its bretheren. And behind him, he could hear its creator.

He heard the silent and slow *tic, tic, tic* of the old ones cane and turned around. Before him stood his old enemy and rival.

"Ulgrasil!", the young man said with a bright smile, "I was worried that *I* might have to come to *you*."

The old man stood before him, hunched over, his left hand on his back, his right on a simple but stunning cane of white wood. His hand grasped the top of the staff, where the wood clutched a big, perfectly round crystal ball. Once that sphere shone with incredibly pretty colors, in it the most awe inspiring shapes and formes twisted, turned, fused and seperated again. But now, it was nearly as black as the young ones garnment and only if one inspected it thoroughly would one find a single, minute bead of fading light. Ulgrasils shaking, wrinkled hand set the cane forward, then he shifted his weight on it to bring his tired body one step further. One could see a glimpse of the wonder he created in his starry eyes.

He responded to the young one with his old, but surprisingly strong and clear voice. "No, no. I don't need you to knock. I know how things stand, Yebliss." *tic, tic, tic* "Look."

Ulgrasil, who walked past the young one now faced the star. A moment passed. He sighed, closed his eyes for a moment and continued in his booming voice. "It doesn't know the wonders that came before it. It was doomed before it even existed. And now, it will fade. Alone." He shook his head, opened his eyes and looked at Yebliss with an expression of bitterness as well as fatigue. With spite in his ancient voice he added: "In the darkness you hold so dear." 

Yebliss' smile was one of courtesy, not of happiness. Over the eons, Ulgrasil started talking louder and louder, as if he could not hear well anymore. Or as if he thought that nobody would listen.

Yebliss walked over to Ulgrasil and wrapped one arm around the shoulders of the stooped old one and responded. "Well, it took a long time. And you did incredible things-" "And for what?" Ulgrasil cut him off and got even louder. "Everything I did was for other to thrive. I wanted to see it blossoming. And every time when I saw that you took notice, I did everything I could to protect them. You always put an end to things. Why? WHY?" He screamed at Yebliss who had to grasp him more firmly because Ulgrasil shook much whenever he was angry. "Why couldn't you just *leave them be*?"

Then the old one grew silent, still shaking. Yebliss hugged him a bit. He knew that he couldn't say anything now. Ulgrasil would only get angrier. And he was right. Still, Yebliss opened his mouth only for Ulgrasil to continue.

He was more silent now and one could hear the tears in his voice. "If only I had another chance. Only one. Only..." he grabbed Yebliss' garnmet and pulled him in, tears streaming down his face. "Only one more!" His cane fell to the ground as he buried his weathered face in Yebliss' garnment. This wasn't the first time his old rival was so emotional. 

Blinking away his own tears, Yebliss put on his bright smile again and ensured Ulrgasil with a soft tone "Everything has to end at some point. I...", he choked up for a moment, catching himself and continued, "I know. I know. We both know. And I'm sorry. I had to do what I had to do." He picked up the cane and put his arm under Ulgrasils for support. "Come now. Let's calm down and who knows what awaits us?" He lost his voice on the last word and hoped that Ulgrasil didn't notice.

The old man sobbed still, repeating that he would only need one more try, one more time; as Yebliss ushered him into the other direction, leaving the fading light behind them. The last glimmer shone behind them for another moment, but finally grew dark.