When I woke up this morning on the wrong side of the bed, I knew this was gonna be a bad day. But this? Let me back up a bit.

I was already a bit ruffled from locking my keys in my car, and spilling my coffee on my shirt right after. I'm a cheapskate so I decided to walk home and get my spare, hoping my shirt would dry on the way. Best move or worst move, you can decide later.

I had just got done cursing the heavens for my poor fortune when a disheveled old man bumped into me. I said I don't carry cash on reflex, and he didn't hear me, just asking over and over if I see them. Yeah, I know what you're thinking, I was thinking it too. All I wanted to do was extricate myself from his grasp but he was... out there.

I couldn't honestly tell you what happened, I stumbled and took him down with me, all the while he was screaming no no no and do you see? I managed to pull myself up but the guy was surprisingly agile for as old as he looked. He pinned me against the wall, and his saucer-sized eyes were magnified by his coke bottle glasses, glaring at me while he mumbled and gnashed his teeth.

He mumbled something like you're safe for now and then clutched his chest, I thought it was part of the act. He took off his glasses and said you see now as his body went limp. In the brief moment before I tried them on I was lamenting the interruption in my already interrupted routine. I only say that here because I'm trying to atone for my... lack of empathy or whatever.

But then I slid the glasses on and I saw them, tentacles jutting up from the ground, some a shade of lavender, some a baby blue, wispy and ephemeral. I could see the end of one laying on the ground in front of me, gnawed off and raw, leaking what I suppose would pass for blood. I put the glasses in my pocket in shock and then put them right back on. Same thing. I watched as the tentacles wrapped themselves around the legs of pedestrians as they walked through them, it sent a shiver up my spine to watch. And I may be the biggest jerk of all time for being worried about giving that man a dollar while he was trying to save me from my unknown assailant. That or running off as soon as I could gain my senses. Maybe both.

I haven't been able to get the guilty vision of the man out of my mind, and thankfully even the longest of these tentacles can't reach past the first floor. Call me paranoid, but I think they know I know about them. They track my movements now, even up here. I can see.