"What on earth....?!?!?" I cried, hands trying to cover my body. All I had on were my bra and underwear, and the room I suddenly found myself in was quite chilly.

"Demon! I have summoned you to do my bidding!"

My eyes turned to a large, red, scaled creature to the left of me. He stood outside of the pentagram I was kneeling in. "WHAT did you just call me?"

"Tell me your name, demon, so I may bind you to me!" said the creature. 

"Ok, FIRST of all, I am not a demon. Rude. Secondly, I would have told you my name if you hadn't said THAT creepyness. And thirdly WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING HERE."

The creature shifted uncomfortably and turned a page in a dusty, old tome. His eyes shifted across the page. "No, you are a demon of the succubus classification. I am sure of it. You look just like the picture, though not all of you is bare."

He turned the tome towards me to show what could only be described as something out of Playboy. 

"Succubus??? Wow, ok. This is making me rethink some of my life decisions... What exactly did you 'summon' me here for?"

"You will teach me the art of... erm... lovemaking." His eyes shifted away from me and his scales took on a blue hue.

"Nope. Nope. Not happening. Send me home and get someone else, because that is sooooo not going to happen." I stood up and attempted to grab the tome from him. My hand stopped short, and it felt as though I punched a wall.

"You will do as I bid or you will not leave," he growled.

"Well get comfortable, then," I snarled back. "What makes you think you can do this to me? Would you kidnap some lizard girl from your world, hold her captive aginst her will, and try to rape her?"

The creature looked alarmed. "Of course not, I..."

"So WHAT exactly makes you think you can do it to me? I'm a person too!" I shouted. "Aren't there whores here? Go hire one!"

"There are not. No one needs to sell themselves here. Am I so hideous that even a demon will not touch me...?" He looked away.

"Ok, cut the self pity. You are not the victim here. Besides, I wouldn't know if you're ugly or not. I've never seen anything like you. Your scales are kind of pretty I guess..."

"You think so? I haven't oiled them recently. I've been too depressed."

"Why's that?"

"....well, the love of my life doesn't even know exist." 

"And you thought summoning a demon to teach you how to have good sex would fix that? Have you even talked to her?"

"Well, no...."

"You dumbass. Next time you think of screwing with the underworld, maybe ask yourself, 'Is this something good communication could fix?' She is not going to give a damn about how good you are in bed if you've never even spoken to her."

The creature gaze swung to meet my own. "But that could compensate for..."

"What? A lack of good looks? Charm? Personality? Guess what, you're never going get close to her if she doesn't find you interesting. Start focusing on who you are instead. And if she cares more about how you look on the outside versus the inside, she's not worth it," I lectured, sitting back down. I wrapped my arms around my legs for warmth.

"I suppose I never thought about it that way." The creature pursed his lips, a thoughtful expression looming across his face.

"Great. Now, in exchange for my sage and otherworldly advice, I demand you send me back to my room before I freeze to death."

"May I summon you again?"

"N... You know what? Yea, sure. Next time don't do it while I'm changing, though. My name is Mara Schmidt."

"I am Abigor. See you soon."

Poof.

