I like to get out and walk as often as I can. 

The guy sitting at the front desk gives me the OK and I march through the automatic doors with as much gusto as I can conjure, taking a deep breath, letting the crisp air fill my lungs.

It's only a couple steps to get to the fountain. They stopped running it a few days ago since fall is just around the corner, but it's still a nice place to sit.

Today, I get about halfway there and feel like my legs are going to give out. But I press on, wheezing and stumbling, because someone else is sitting on the marble ledge of the fountain.

She's facing away from me, and it looks like her hair is laced with cherry blossom petals. Upon closer examination, the chick's goddamn hair is *made* of cherry blossom petals. You see something like that, you have to know what's up.

"Hi. I'm Marty," I say, extending a hand.

"I'm Death. Nice to meet you," she replies, offering a gentle handshake.

"Wow. You must really be going through a phase, huh?"

"I'm not sure what you mean."

"Why would you go around and say a thing like that? 'Hi, I'm Death.' That's not gonna be a great way to make friends."

"Tell me about it. You're the first person in weeks who's actually approached me." She runs a hand through the cherry blossoms and glances nervously at the ground.

"Well, that's a shame. I think more people oughta talk to each other. Makes the whole thing easier."

"Mmm-hmm." She sighs and looks me in the eye. "You must be pretty close, then."

I raise an eyebrow. "Wha--what are you--?"

"No one comes to talk to me unless they're close, Martin."

I take a deep breath, let the early-autumn air fill my lungs, and exhale slowly. "So you're not kidding around, then."

"No."

I glance back at the automatic doors. Nurse Robson taps her watch.

"I'm not ready," I say.

"No one ever is. But let me tell you something." She takes a clump of petals from her hair and places them in my palm. "I can tell, by the look in your eyes, that you're not repulsed by me. You're not afraid. A little upset, maybe, but not truly afraid."

I clutch the petals tightly. "I'm scared about what I'm leaving behind. The people, the places."

"But at the same time, you long for an existence without pain."

A tear falls from my cheek and lands on my legs, near-useless and failing like the rest of my body. "Yeah."

"Martin, prolonging the inevitable only leads to more struggle. I know your body is still fighting, but you'll know when it's time."

I look back at the nurse, who is attaching a new bag of IV medication to my walking-support pole, then stare at the girl. 

She pats my hand. "I'll be here by the fountain, waiting for you."

I walk back through the doors, open my palm, and notice that the cherry blossom is gone. Death, however, is still at the fountain, staring off into the distance.

Everything hurts. Everything is crying out for help, unable to subsist on the chemicals they keep pumping in me. Somehow, when I woke up this morning, I knew this was the day.

But now I'm ready to say goodbye.

***

/r/GigaWrites

