And there, sitting in front of her daughter's body, the old woman began to weep. Nothing in the world could prepare a mother to lose her only child, even at Sylvia's age. The uncertainty and grief was coursing through her brain, befuddling her already weakened faculties. This was worse than when her baby sister had passed, well before the Aura was discovered and harnessed.

Sylvia had determined early that the Aura was not a good thing. Too many stories of scammers turned overnight millionaires, CEO's of major corporations perishing under questionable circumstances, or unforgiven lovers plagued by detrimental injuries and diseases. No, if the Aura was good for anything, it was for spreading misery and misfortune for the benefit of others. 

This circumstance, however, was the only potentially good reason ever given to Sylvia for the use of The Aura. It made sense, after all.

She nodded her head to the doctor; she recognized the face of her daughter, even if, at least for the moment, she could not remember the name. The white sheet was pulled back over the face, and the body then rolled back into the steel refrigeration duct, with an ominous clunk as the door was closed and sealed behind.

Sylvia sat for quite a while, letting an emotional numbness fall over her as she watched the doctor fill out some papers, and changed the name on the door's tag from DOE, JANE to CARTER, CASSIE. A brief pang of guilt rattled Sylvia's chest; Cassie, of course! 

With some effort, she stood, and walked slowly to the lobby, where she sat once more in the singular chair provided for family. The faded red leather felt welcoming and deterring at the same time, but Sylvia sat, all the same. In fact, she sat so long that the receptionist had to come out and ask if there was anything she could do for the old lady.

Confusion set in as the receptionist explained that Sylvia had already met with the doctor for her appointment, and that she had been at this office for hours. Phones were called, a cab was paid for in advance, with hushed voices and speculative glances in Sylvia's direction, and then Sylvia was ushered out the door for a ride home. 

Sylvia kept asking the driver when they would get to the doctor's office; She had a very urgent appointment, you see. The cabbie's lack of a response rather angered Sylvia, and she began rummaging through her handbag to find the cell phone her daughter had given her, intending to call and complain about getting no respect in her elder years, but the call went straight to voicemail. After having the divider closed and locked between them, and several more calls and increasingly agitated voicemails, the cab pulled up to a senior living community, with several nurses on station to receive Sylvia, who was promptly taken to her room amongst reassurances from saddened faces.

The next day, two middle aged men and a young woman, not more than twenty, visited Sylvia, who was most forgiving of their early knocks on the door, as she had been awake for several hours already. Truthfully, she had yet to sleep from the day before, and by her comments of the abnormally late sunset today,  unknowingly misjudged the traditional clock over the mantle for about half past eight in the evening.

As they gathered chairs and sat, already filled in paperwork was brought out from within a briefcase. It  exchanged, explained, signed, explained again in greater depth, signed again in the wrong spots, and exchanged back. Twice more this happened, before Sylvia hadn't ruined the men's papers. A police officer was brought in, along with a laptop from another briefcase, which included a video of quite a grizzly murder taking place on a security camera. 

No matter how it was explained, Cassie was still very much alive, and Sylvia could prove it with a simple phone call, she had insisted. After the third voicemail, the officer took away Sylvia's phone, and proceeded to put handcuffs on her.

At this point, more paperwork was presented and read aloud, and the young woman finally turned away from Sylvia's photo collection hanging on the wall, where she had been browsing since entering the room. She bore the mark of an Aurae, classifying her as one of the few who could work with The Aura, unaffected, as a medium. She placed a hand upon Sylvia's chest, and closed her eyes.

Waves of emotion struck Sylvia as the Aurae sifted through 80-some odd years of memories, bringing each to the top of Sylvia's consciousness for just a moment, before it disappeared altogether. The Aurae pulled away after some time, leaving Sylvia to slump into her chair. 

The girl turned to talk to the men in the room, and gestured toward Sylvia's body. Moments later, a phone call was picked up, smiles were exchanged, and the officer knelt down before Sylvia, gingerly unlocking the cuffs on her wrists.

"Thank you for your cooperation, Mrs. Carter."

