You don’t often get to watch someone slip into madness.  A person’s devolution is usually subtle and marked by little more than the passage of time.  Seeing my sister change from the perky, fun, outgoing preteen that she was into the thing she became started with a simple act of kindness.  It would be small for most…”give away a day of happiness”.  For her it would change everything.  

It all started one morning when I woke to find I had been gifted a day of happiness, of bliss.  Puzzled, I consumed happiness with vigor.  I allowed it’s warmth to cover me like a blanket.  The old feelings, the bad ones, shifted out of the way like cars on the road when an ambulance comes by, screaming and flashing.  Except this ambulance brought me a healing feeling I’d never experienced before.  At once things became beautiful, attachments a joy, food delicious and love an amazing possibility.  

Being born without the ability to feel, but living on the borrowed emotions of others is an experience that I can’t describe.  It’s as though I’m hungry, but can only subsist on the kindness of others to feed me.  My sister knew that, and one day decided that she was tired of seeing me persist in this manner.  She made a sacrifice that she thought would help.  A “final sacrifice” if you will.  In her day without happiness, my sister became all too familiar with fear, with sadness and regret.  For a day, she lived in my shoes, despite being many sizes too big.  Instead of creating blisters, these shoes allowed room for negativity to grow, for self-doubt to seed and germinate.

The following day I had no donation of happiness and I went back to the old, familiar, painful pattern I’d become accustomed to.  But my otherwise happy sister wasn’t the same.  Her view of the world had changed and it would never recover.  The things that took root grew, and consumed and fed.  Each day, happiness was squeezed out a little more.  Each day, putting on a convincing smile became more of a chore.  One day, years later, she decided to no longer grace us with her forced smile.  This day, I learned the true purpose of my gifted emotions: sadness, fear, and regret.  This day, it all finally made sense.  


This is my first WP.  Please be kind.  