"Turn on the TV."
"What for? Wh..."
"The news. CNN. Do it, do it, do it, PLEASE," I finally made out.
"Fine, but if it's just the same old crap from D.C. I swear," my mother mutters while channelsurfing.
After a painful few seconds, we get a live address from the president of the United States, a country that, unknown to my mother, was several yards away.
"... and I just got this right here, folks, from the U.N. in New York City, hot stuff. This paper, this... DOCUMENT, proclaims... I'm not even gonna try that one. They say that a patch, a small, tiny DOT of land in California, has LEGALLY and COMPLETELY seceded from my... our United States of America, ladies and gentlemen."
"The hell?" I say. "'Latierres' isn't even that hard a name to pronounce."
My mother looks at me in a stunned manner I've never seen her try out before. I probably would have seen it earlier had I not been getting the mail ever since I sent a folder to the Secretary-General.
"WHAT DID YOU DO? WHY?" She yelled.
"The... better question is, how will make sure the northerners feel connected?"
The Democratic Republic of Latierres consisted of my apartment building (after flagging down the landlord and his humoring me with the "oh sure, that sounds great," and a more personalized plot of land in the San Gabriel valley.
She had no idea on how to answer that. "Do... Do I have to pay taxes anymore?"
"No. Not unless you want to. Now, I don't want to sound too self-important, but I imagine we'll be getting a few visitors. I really want to wear the suit, but it's too warm, don't you think?"
I stood outside. Friends were to arrive, but I had decided to start as soon as there was a desk to the front gate. I drew up the national flag, a bright green top stripe, a cream middle stripe, and a slightly pale orange on the bottom, and taped it to the front of the desk as evenly as possible, writing "CUSTOMS" underneath it. Pedestrians ambled by, sometimes with dogs, groceries, or children.
My citizens would pass by,  many older than me, and if they hadn't seen the news gave me looks of bemusement or mild annoyance as I waved to them as only a good president should. Those who were informed by the foreign media were shocked. Their questions were appreciated, but I had to write a constitution and a pamphlet of law lest anarchy rise from those taking advantage of my state.
Within time, I would announce, from atop a sturdy table flanked by a flagpole that the province of Scrub Brush was formally admitted into a legal union with the state of Palmview Apartments, and they were to form Latierres. 
A formal election was to be held next Saturday, where I will pick a cabinet from whomever is curious enough to vote in an opinion. In two years, a president will be among the positions. A Democratic micronation has never been done, so I was willing to be the first, even if that meant I'd be a ruler's subject in my own country. 
My earlier thoughts on tourism and journalism to the newest country were justified and then realized. Local news began with a line like, "Think I'm in California? Guess again. No, you've got the wrong country. This, is Latierres. The world's second largest country but smallest population-wise, with just 27 people, all of which reside inside this apartment complex."
I marvelled in it all.
However, a small amount of tenants eventually moved out. That was a fun visit from the immigration agents. It made me realize that I was going to go through that moving out as well, and 
My younger brother was also looking to disrupt the nation, and sought to have Scrub Brush secede from Latierres. He treated it as a joke, but I was mad. The U.N. itself recognized it as mine, and for no readily apparent reason, and I was not giving him a platform for power unless the public wanted it, which is funny because he was 1/27th of the public. But it had more foundation on a personal level. I had bought that slice of California. I made it mine. 
He mailed in his U.N. application. I hadn't given the plot a mailbox, so the letter came through to where we actually lived.
It read: "The United Nations is a respectable organization, and we respect that you clearly follow the Montevideo Convention, but we cannot accept this pass at nationhood." 
"Hah! Look who doesn't get that stroke of luck!