There was something ever so sweet about one of my pranks going smoothly The elegance of it all leaves me smiling for years every time I remember the looks on her face, the stupid grin I could feel on mine echoes in my mind every time. 
I had been sitting one day under my favorite tree when the Idea began to spring forth into my consciousness like a flower sprouting up through the cracks in the cobblestone.  It all seemed too good to pass up, I had to act fast or I would have missed my opportunity. 

Thirty years I spent sowing the idea's into the minds of many, telling anybody that would listen the stories of my friends last decade, hoping that the tale was entertaining and memorable enough to be spread even further by the masses. Relatively soon everyone would have heard some sort of vague references to the yarns I had spouted all those centuries back, it was all to perfect because theatre had just started being a big thing here in London and  once I got the word out and about all I had to do was wait for the story to slowly mutate and ever so surely  generation after generation it did.

Eventually the story I had told was so common between people that they even started making...
Shit I guess they're called movies.

Drove Cindy nuts she hated having her brutal rage  being known by everybody, anybody who was even remotely aware of society. I honestly never thought it'd work out so well, but with enough of a push toward your goal and unlimited time to work on it anything's possible, originally I had just intended to find her a job as an actress to play the part of herself but of course sometimes when you leave things to chance they can get a bit out of control but I still managed to pull everything off just not quite like I imagined it all those centuries back.

We both decided about 160 years ago to go over to the wild wild west for some adventures, managed to convince cindy with the prospect of adventure and possibly even insinuated that she might be able to get away from the constant retelling of her story.
As always though once a story gets told enough times it too will travel, so of course once we got to America there were still versions of her story being told. They dubbed it a "classic fairy tale" and somehow a literal fairy got added in somewhere, whatever I guess it's a bit more tame and better than the original.

We settled down in what's called Florida now, for whatever reason these new movies have been the "bees knees" haha never really bothered to keep up with the slang of the times but that one always got me. I had almost forgot my plan, honestly if it hadn't have been for the hippies I was hanging with and the fat blunt I smoked before going to see that new movie I probably would have.


"Disney" popped up like a rainbow over this fancy castle on the screen just before the title CINDERELLA fades in with the giant letters and suddenly a light seemed to turn on inside my brain as I remembered how I was supposed to get cindy and acting job. I asked her if she'd wanna "get with the times" go out and work to keep herself busy seeing as she more or less just avoided people unless she had some sort of business to attend to, took a lot of convincing I even told her I had a job lined up for her at this new amusement park a little ways away. After about a week I finally got her to agree, told her to be ready for monday I'd take their for her first shift.

The morning of I was trying my best to keep a straight face and not ruin the surprise both for her and mostly for myself, I was oddly excited to watch as she walked out dressed as this not so fictional fairy tale character.

When we got there I walked her in to go speak to her employer mostly so I could catch the action, managed to get in without her even realizing.
As we walk into the office she asks to speak with David and the secretary just pointed to the benches across the room where we went and sat, I was staring at her almost overly intent on seeing every moment. She seemed nervous and almost excited up until Dave walked out and shouted across the room "You must be the new Cinderella!" I had only glanced away for a second but when I looked back I could see the pure seething rage splayed across her face and the fist that was rapidly heading towards mine, for a brief second I forgot where I was until I came to with dave standing over me looking mildly amused. 
a broken cheekbone, nose and brow But worth it considering the effort I put into it, been almost 40 years since then cindy still won't talk to me but it still brings a smile to my face whenever I think about it, not quite as good as my bonny and clyde prank but pretty harmless compared to my some of my other pranks but definitely something that I'll remember for a long time to come. 