Ashes. That’s all I ever left behind me. 

No bodies to mourn. No graves to dig. No faces frozen in horror. 

Only ashes. 

The military felt like my escape from the constricted world of my abusive parents. I jumped from one cage into another. But at least the new cage was one I had chosen. 

I was a good soldier. I obeyed and didn’t question orders. I shot to kill. I burned the dead. I did as I was told. And instead of coming home a hero, I came home a killer. “A brutalizer of bodies.” 

I had to burn them all. Alien disease, infection, and even larvae could be waiting in the bodies of even our own slain men. But those are not facts that comfort the families of my brothers in arms. Families that now only have baby faced high school photos of their sons and daughters. These are not valid to the news sources ripping apart the weak excuses for the governments imperial conquests. I was only a mindless cog in the machine, but I still was blamed for the actions of the hand that turned me. Once I had done my sentence I was thrown back into the civilian world. 

These people did not welcome me into their homes. Jobs denied my applications. What kind of experience was wartime biohazard removal anyway? Even if companies would look past my controversial military history, most, if not all cleansing is done by robots. I was living on the streets watching a street cleaner hum by, when the agent came to me, dressed in official and formal army attire. 

He told me he was part of a new program for veterans. This program would give me a home, a job, healthcare. So I followed him. 

This was my new cage, that I had been deceived into. 

I passed out in the car, drugged, and had awakened in a containment cell, with nothing but the clothes on my back and a letter. The letter explained what had happened with liberal euphemisms. I had been sold into slavery “for the benefit of the earth”.

When we reached our destination I was auctioned off. Naked, standing before aliens, as they decided what the value of my life was. It was the first place my military past was a “positive trait” I was bought at a hefty price by a arena handler.

Those pits were hell. 

No ashes, only blood, organs, and agony, of humans and aliens alike. But I was a good fighter. I survived fight after fight, and when a part of my body was too mutilated for even aliens to repair, they simply replaced it with machine. I didn’t rebel, or try to stop fights like others did. When a fellow man extended his hand to me in the pit, with hopes to defy our owners, to signal unity, I would slice his arm off. If we shook hands we both would’ve been dead. 

Now I am more metal than man. I bathed in blood a thousand times in the pits, and as per custom I was freed. 

My name was well known, for I had been champion of the pit. I had been one of the few who were freed. The tattoo upon my face was altered, so that all would know of my position. Once again I was the brutalizer. But this time the fear was mixed with respect and not disdain. I was offered contracts, jobs, military positions. I turned them all down, no more cages. 

At the end of my slavery I was given my “winnings” a cut of the profit from every arena fight I had ever been in. A hefty sum of money. No one ever expected anyone to leave the arena alive. 

I used the money wisely. I purchased a fleet of ships. I had a near cult following among different populations from my time in the ring. It made a finding recruits easy. 

That was a long while ago.

I came. I saw. I conquered. 

I was on a warpath. With one place in mind.

Now I stand in the control room of the lead ship in my fleet. 
Earth turns in front of me. The planet is in bad shape, it’s atmosphere hazy, and most of its land covered in swaths of grey supercities. 

I feel nothing towards it. 

I give the command.

“Leave nothing but ashes” 