"Hey Kenny," I mumbled awkwardly, glancing at Dan. Dan was avoiding eye contact. I looked around at the others. Everyone stiffly stood around the alleyway as Kenny sat down on an old box. "What're you guys doing today, Lexi?" Kenny bubbled.

"Nothing," I said quickly, shoving the fat stack of bills deeper into my coat pocket. "Nothing fun, I mean." I added as I watched Kenny's confused expression. Kenny watched us with excited eyes, looking mostly at me and his older brother. "Dan..." I sighed. Kenny's older brother just whispered into my ear, "Just let him stay."

We couldn't let Kenny stay! Dan silently pleaded at me. "Are you really going to do this?" I asked bluntly, my eyes flickering at the oblivious Kenny. Dan kept giving me the puppy eyes.

"Fine, but only for today."

\*\*\*

"Dan..." I sighed again. A week- a freaking week- and Kenny was still here. Dan groaned. "My mom made me take him." He insisted.

Everyday we met in the alleyway to count the money. Everyday Kenny came along and sat down on the same box and just watched us excitedly. We couldn't tell him.

Dan told me Kenny wouldn't be here today.

"H-Hey Kenny," I greeted nervously, my hand clutching the gun deep inside my pocket, I had already dropped off the money.

As the others arrived, I watched their expressions turn from a hardened grimace to a family friendly smile.

I couldn't help wonder if Kenny knew.

"Did you hear about those robberies, Lexi?"

Nope, definitely not.

"N-No." I stuttered as the alleyway went dead silent. "Really? Like, these people, are coming into stores and pointing guns at the cashiers! And they, and they, like, take all the money!" Kenny babbled.

"Wow." That was all I could say. There was a tense silence that poor Kenny didn't pick up on. Suddenly Kenny's eyes got wide. "Whoa!" His small, fourteen-year-old body dashed behind the dumpster. "Fuck," I murmured, watching as he pulled up the thick wads of money hidden behind it.

"Look at this!" He beamed. "What should we do?" I heard someone whisper. I realized they were all looking at me.

"What the hell is that?" I cried, running over to examine our money. The rest soon did the same. "What is it doing here?" Kenny asked. "I-I don't know." I lied. 

"We should tell the police about this! Probably those robber's money!" Kenny cheered, not looking up. I bit my lip. I watched the others block the exit. Our hands were in our pockets. I looked at Dan. He nodded sadly. 

I swallowed the lump in my throat, my fingers curled around trigger.

Everyone froze as Kenny looked up, his round eyes now alarmed. He looked around confused.

"I'm sorry Kenny..."