They say that death is quick.

Boy what a humdinger that one was. I knew the moment I had died, I knew it with a self assurance that rocked me to the very core. Sure I had thought about it a lot over the years. How would I finally meet my maker? The truth was, I never expected it to be at three in the morning on a Saturday night trying to drive my drunk ass friends home. 

They always talked about the light, that guiding light you're supposed to follow to lead you into Heaven. Well I never really believed in a heaven or a hell. I always figured when I bit the dust I would be just that. Dust. Apparently I was wrong.

As I stood in front of the admissions officer I couldn't help but wonder why the hell it looked so much like a college...

"Well Stormy, it says here you've done your necessary time and you're attempting to apply to Heaven." The officer shuffled some paper work and pulled up a folder holding it out for me. I took it and waited for him to continue. "The next step of the process is your interview. You'll be meeting the person you hurt worst in life. To continue, you must face them and learn from your failures."

That was a chilling thought in and of itself. Who had I hurt worst in my life? My family? I didn't have the answer to that. The Officer stood up and headed towards a door behind him, allowing me to enter before closing the door behind me. The room was well lit and I was more then a little surprised to find myself sitting behind the desk. It wasn't the way I looked when I died, it was the man I wanted to be. Strong, fit, healthy. A refined touch of gray lay across his temples and his hair was cut close to his head. 

"Come, sit. We've much to discuss." He motioned for the chair in front of him as he pushed a stack of papers to the side.

"Umm... I don't know what's happening... I mean, I know we had issues, but I don't think I ever really hurt myself?"

"No, that's the part you don't understand. You hurt yourself more then you'd ever be willing to admit. You hurt us far more then you hurt any other person in the world."

I moved to the chair then and sat with a dull thump. I clutched the folder to my chest like some sort of armor, wanting to ward off this conversation. To forget that this man knew everything about me, every intimate detail, every sin, every thought. 

"I tried to kill us..." I said meekly, the thought of that belt around my neck and the tears in my eyes came back in a vivid flash. 

"You did. You hated us. You always put yourself behind everyone else, always belittled yourself when others saw the best in you. You bore the weight of the world on your shoulders when people were more then willing to carry the burden with you." He shook his head and pulled his classes off. Setting them carefully on the table I could see the tears in his eyes and knew they were mirrored in my own. He was right. I may not have hurt myself physically but I could never live up to my own judgement. I was never enough even for myself.

"You got better near the end, figured out that life wasn't about living up to some insane standard. But you never got to the point you could have been. You never had confidence or understood that others were just as flawed as you were." His smile creased his face, causing light crows feet to form around his eyes. "They say your story never ends, and I'm here to tell you that yours isn't ending yet. This is just a pitstop, a little break before you go onto the next chapter."

He stood then and offered me his hand. I took it without hesitation and stood, following him past the desk and to the next door.

"This isn't an end, but a beginning." He threw the door open and shoved me through without hesitation.

All I saw was darkness. The absolute darkness that light hasn't touched ever. I thought for a moment I was in hell until I heard a voice, to loud, yell PUSH!