At least I thought I was promising.  Promising means that you will uphold your end of the bargain, no matter what.  She said, "You're not allowed to die, okay?"  To which I thought she meant that I was to do my best not to.  I must keep myself alive, try hard, be careful to not die, on my 15 year long trip to Titan.  So I said, "okay," giving my promise.  But I understand now that she meant something completely different.

She was my wife, my first love, but I have had another wife since.  Not because of divorce or because either of them died young, but because I have outlived them.  Allison, my first wife, was 39 when she told me I was not allowed to die, and I was 38, both of us beginning to advance in our biomedical research careers.  I was selected for the Titan expedition, a chance of a lifetime, and we both knew I should go.  We would both be in our early 50's when I returned, if all went according to plan.  Plan A.  That was 200 years ago.

The mission went badly with our first slingshot around Mars, which was supposed to coincide with an engine burn.  The engine malfunctioned early in the acceleration maneuver, and we expended all of our fuel reserve and an extra three years to get to Titan, in what we were calling Plan B.  My video call with Allison after our missed slingshot was painful.  She cried.  It would be a further three years until we saw each other, according to plan B, or so we thought.  But by the time the expedition returned to Earth, 51 years after launch, Allison had been gone already 10 years.  The other expedition members, other than the nine who died, were old, looked old.  I looked and felt the same as I did the day we launched.

So I understand now.  Or, more accurately, I began to understand while at on Titan.  Whatever Allison gave me, what I thought was a series of vaccinations, conferred immortality.  Or at least stopped me from aging.  She was a gifted researcher, but even with me, she was secretive about her projects.  So I stayed young, my 38 year old self.  The rest of the expedition crew aged, became less robust and energetic, became infirm, and then there were only 12 of the original crew remaining.  Plus five grown children and three grandchildren, all born off-Earth.  I stayed young.  Allison's tears were not about the possibility of my dying in an accident, but about losing me to immortality, about her advancing into old age and me staying behind.  We never had a chance to see that happen, as Plan B gave way to Plan C, and then finally Plan D, and 51 years elapsed.

In our last video conference, awkward because of the long distances, she had vision loss from her latest stroke.  I wasn't sure that she could see how young I looked, and how old the rest of the original crew had become.  Helplessly separated by a vast distance and all the engineering challenges that kept us from keeping our original return schedule, I could only watch the chasm between us grow.  The age chasm.

When we are young, we dream of immortality.  Watching the elderly, we only see infirmity and inability and wish that we would never become as such.  But growing old is a gift.  Or I mean to say that growing old with somebody else is a gift.  I believe that Allison thought she was granting me an extraordinary gift by stopping me from aging.  It did make me an indispensable member of the crew, as all others aged, and I remained strong and quick, sharp of mind.  Perhaps she was aware that the timeline of the expedition was unrealistic, that we would not return in 15 years.  Perhaps we all knew.  Immortality meant that I would come home, whenever that happened to be.

I was truthful with my next wife about my immortality and stayed with her to the end.  But I will not remarry, and I have no deep relationships now.  The pain of separation is too great.

Allison kept her research secret, but I am back in the lab, her notes before me, trying to find the secret to my mortality.  To my normalcy.  It is not that I want to die, but that I want to age.