Around here, the sun's always shining. People are up early, they play in the park with their dogs, and frequent social gatherings featuring great brews and even greater friends. Most of these people are genuinely happy, yet for me, every day is the worst day of my life. When rock bottom is also the highest point of your existence, you can't help but question why you still bother walking the earth. I struggled with these thoughts my whole life and thought I would never find the reason why. And then one day that all changed.

The month to month ritual was always the same. Wake up feeling nothing but always having the desire to at least feel something. Fire up the griddle to scramble up some eggs and pancakes and then check the front porch for my monthly delivery of unwanted emotions. I'd cut open the box as I cooked my breakfast to see what misfortune today would bring me. Fear? Sadness? Anger? It never really mattered. They were all terrible but at least they were something.

The first vial I grabbed on that fateful month was sadness. I drank it down as I dumped my pancakes and eggs onto my plate and waited for the contents of the vial to kick in. I had it down to a science where the emotions would always kick in as I finished my breakfast.  Sadness washed over me as I scraped the last bits of food off my plate and into my mouth. I had so much to do that day, but as the tears began to roll down my face, I opted to stay cooped up in my house instead. I cried that whole day; long after the darkness swallowed up the sun and the moon and stars repainted the great canvas in the sky with a twinkling landscape full of intrigue and wonder. I don't know when, but eventually I fell asleep.

I woke up the next day, feeling nothing as usual. I began my daily ritual of breakfast and emotions. Today was sadness's cousin, self loathing. I finished my breakfast and went to take a shower. As I looked in the mirror I couldn't stop feeling bad for myself, wondering why I just couldn't be happy like everyone else. This feeling stayed with me throughout the day while I caught up on two days worth of chores.

The next few days changed everything. I sipped my daily vial down and ate my pancakes and eggs. Today's emotion was rage. As I finished my plate, a hatred worse than anything I had ever felt boiled up deep inside of me. I threw my plate across the kitchen and watched it shatter into pieces. That day I tore my cabinets off the walls, tipped the shelves in my garage, busted all the windows in my car, and spray painted the front of my house stating everything in my life that made me mad with myself being at the top of that list. After I finished doing all that, I went to my garage, grabbed my baseball bat, and grand slammed my box of emotions off the table in the kitchen and sent thousands of shards of glass and gallons of liquids into the living room. As I looked down into the glass and puddles I saw hundreds of reflections of myself. "I hate you most of all!" I yelled aloud to deaf ears and looked myself in the eyes of my reflection.

I woke up the next morning knowing today was going to be different. I had a huge mess to clean up and thought I broke every last vial of emotions. I vacuumed the living room and tried to suck up all the glass as best as I could. As I went under an end table I noticed two vials roll out from under it. Both were a color I had never seen before; a beautiful blue that could give even a cloudless summer sky a run for it's money.  I picked them up and looked at them curiously. I wondered what these could be and then quickly sucked one down and put both vials in my pockets. No more messes today. 

As I cleaned I felt something I had never felt before. A warmth soaked my entire body, and the more I cleaned the more I realized that I was smiling to myself. Was this what happiness felt like? Of course it was!

I ran to the radio in my kitchen and turned it on. The same damn song was playing on the radio that had been for weeks, but it didn't matter; I absolutely loved it. I laughed and danced as I cleaned the kitchen and living room and as I finished up, I looked at the clock on the wall. It was just a little before noon. I had to get out and enjoy what was literally the best day of my life!

I grabbed my bike and quickly pedaled into town. It was a beautiful day. The sun shined down and kissed my face while the wind blew my hair around and tickled my forehead. I went to the theater and saw a funny movie; man, I had never laughed so hard in my life. Heck, I never laughed ever! I called up my friends and ate at a cozy little diner. The food and company was incredible! The day went on and I had more fun in one day than I had had in the entire time that I had been alive,  and the best part of it all was that I had one more vial of happiness left!

I finished up my day by going to the park. I thought watching the sunset would be a beautiful end to this perfect day. As I walked to a bench that sat at the highest point of the park, I saw a woman posted up against a tree with a box filled with empty vials. She looked at me with empty eyes that I had seen in myself far too many times. "It's a beautiful day and I can't appreciate it. Please help me." she said to me emptily. I told her I couldn't help her and pressed on to the top of the hill.

As I walked, I couldn't help but think about that woman. "Was she like me?" I wondered to myself as I sat  on the bench and watched the sun creep over the horizon. My whole life I thought I was all alone, and as I thought more and more about it,  I found myself fumbling in my pockets and realized I had forgotten to put away the vials I recovered from earlier away. I looked at the empty one, and thanked it honor of the person who had provided me with this wonderful day. I turned my head and looked to the other one. "Here's to another wonderful day. I can't wait to see what tomorrow will bring--" I trailed off as I saw past the vial and zeroed in on the girl I had blown off a few minutes before with her head buried into her knees, clearly sobbing between choked up breaths of air.

I looked at the full vial again and then again at the empty one. As much as the thought of another day full of happiness appealed to me, an even stronger urge ate away at me to give that girl the vial. There was no way I couldn't share this joy with someone else. I packed up and walked back down the hill towards her to give her the vial. "I hope this helps you." I said as I passed it from my hands to hers and began to go home thinking about how today could very well be the only day that I will ever feel truly happy.

I woke up the next morning feeling numb as usual. There were definitely no more vials left in the mess I created yesterday, so I went about my day and finished cleaning up the mess I created a few days earlier. I thought all day about that girl I gave the vial to. I wondered if she took it. Finally after much contemplation I decided that I would go back to the park and find out once and for all.

I got there and searched for her for what felt like an eternity. I never found her. Sighing, I looked up to the sky and saw that the sun was going down once again and figured I may as well take in that beautiful sunset once again, even though today it was much less glamorous then it had been the day before.

As I sat on the bench on top of the hill and watched the sun transition from a bright orange to a dim red a figure walked out of the shadows and sat down on the bench next to me.

"Beautiful sunset huh?" a woman's voice quietly spoke out. It was her.

"Sure is." I said even though today's sunset really didn't appeal to me at all. "Did you drink the liquid I gave you?"

"I did."

"How was it?" 

"Best day of my life."

We sat there for a few minutes and took in what was left of the setting sun.

"Thank you." She said, as she turned and looked at me. "I was going to take my life yesterday but your kindness saved me. I don't know how I could ever repay you."

I let out a smile and told her it was no problem. The smile was fake, but I wanted it to be real because if I had the ability to, I would have truly felt glad to help. We talked for a little bit longer and I found out she was homeless. I invited her to stay at my place for the night and she happily obliged. I let her sleep in my bed and I slept on the couch in the living room.

That morning I was awoken to the sound of a knocking on my door. I got up to answer it but no one was there. There was however a package sitting on my door step. It was another shipment of emotions. Weird. I never got two deliveries in one month. I opened the box to see it was filled to the brim with empty vials, a strange device, and a sealed letter.

I cut the seal on the letter and began to read it. "In life, one of the greatest sources of happiness comes from being able to provide happiness to someone else. Be kind to everyone, all the time. You can never appreciate the value of a smile until you can put one on another's face."

I folded up the letter and  put the device on  the table. I placed a vial in a chamber below what appeared to be a nozzle. I flipped a switch and the same beautiful blue liquid me and the woman upstairs drank on the days prior poured down into the vial. I quickly slurped a vial down and filled up another. A smile stretched across my face as I walked upstairs and placed a vial on the desk next to my bed for the woman. I hurried back downstairs and filled every single vial in that crate. I carefully placed them back in the crate and loaded them into the trunk of my car.  

The wind blew through the busted windows as I backed out of my driveway, but that was okay. It was a nice day out, and I'd be happy to fix them tomorrow. I'd be happy. I smiled as I switched my car into drive and made my way down the street and back into town. There was much work to be done.