Brel'gax stood before the Planetary Invasion Advisory Council, ready to deliver his findings on the 3rd Planet around an unremarkable yellow star in Sector ZZ9 Plural Z - Alpha.  He had won the right to address the council after defeating all other ship commanders in simple combat.  Or rather...all the others who had been vying to address the council were currently still in the outer chambers, dead, unconscious or otherwise incapacitated.

"Listen up you festering gabbleblogits" he said to the council, attempting to get their attention.  Two members of the council remained in conversation, indifferent to Brel'gax.  He took one of his bejeweled ceremonial daggers of command and threw it at one of the conversing council members, hitting him in his central eye, killing him.  His body was immediately removed from the chamber, his replacement quickly taking his seat.  The other council member turned to face Brel'gax, looking moderately bothered.

"Now that I have your attention, I have won the right to address you regarding the planet known by it's inhabitants as 'Earth'.  I know, dull name.  Anyway, we recently came across this planet, and have been it studying it for the last 6 wektrons"

"6 wektrons?" coucilmember Prag'noi interrupted.  "What the frak took you so long?  Are you addled?  Are your analytical skills so lacking that you..."

"Shut the frak up you frakking frak.  It took 6 wektrons because when we first received their frakking signals, we could barely interpret their primitive methods of communications and their networks and their frakking languages.  So shut you fectal eating mouth hole and let me continue.  Brel'gax's hand twitched towards his sidearm and he shot a death glare at Prag'noi, who in turn rolled his eyes at Brel'gax.

"As I was about to say, once we finally were able to understand their communications, we were able to analyze them and scan through their histories.  After 4 wektrons..."

"4 wektrons?  What the frak Brel'gax?" another councilmember, Trag'oni'grag, interrupted.  "You said you found them 6 shalgging wektrons ago, but were done with you analysis 4 wektrons ago.  Why the in the name of frakkin Gor'trab did it take you 2 more wektrons to come before this council.  Were you too busy flanging your penstrab to come before us?"

Brel'gax walked over to Trag'oni'grag and punched him square in the face, knocking him unconscious.  His replacement quickly took his place.

Brel'gax returned to the podium and cleared his throat.  "As a matter of fact, yes, I was flanging my penstrab".

Laughter erupted from the council.

"SHUT THE FRAK UP" Brel'gax roared, silencing the council.  "Let me explain.  The inhabitants of this planet are...let me use an ancient word here...peaceful.  At least by our standards.  The have crime, but they usually try to rehabilitate the criminals, at the least they sequester the them from society.  On rare occasions, the execute the worst offenders,  but they do that peacefully and then some of the populace protests that and then they pass news laws and it begins all over again.  The have occasional larger conflicts between nation-states, but even those don't last long AND they try to avoid casualties and would you believe the victor in those conflicts usually goes and in tries to help the conquered in rebuilding.  The larger nation-states are the worst at this too, often spending more resources on their former enemies than their own people.  They even have weapons of mass destruction that could utterly destroy their enemies in a moment, yet they DON'T FRAKKING USE THEM.  They use it as a vague deterrent.  It's all just so gragging...cute.  I and my fellow commanders found it honestly...arousing.  Let me show you.

Brel'gax dimmed the lights and played some recordings from Earth and it's peoples.  Many of the council members started to squirm in their seats, becoming visibly aroused.  After about 10 mentrons, Brel'gax ceased the playback.

"So, council members.  It is the recommendation of the invasion fleet that the planet known as 'Earth', not be invaded, but that its communications and our recordings of it be broadcast to our peoples as pornography.  That way we can keep the frakking yammering masses appeased while we continue on as we have".  Brel'gax paused for effect, looking across the entire council.  "What say you all?"

The council said, with one voice.  "FRAK YEAH!"
