"No, no, NO, NOOOOOO! DROP THAT KNIFE RIGHT NOW AND USE ME! USE MEEEEEEEEE!"

I closed my eyes and rubbed the bridge of my nose. Knowing that it wouldn't shut up until I listened, i put the very sensibly-sized not sentient knife down. "Fine."

"Yesssss," Aramok hissed. The sword couldn't physically move on its own, but I hear its voice in my head trembling with joy. "Let. Me. *Cut*. And cut and cut and cut. Together, you and I spill blood enough to darken the river and poison all its fish."

"If you keep talking, I'm going back to the knife," I grumbled. I gripped the hilt and lifted up Aramok with a grunt. It wasn't even a well-made sword; the weight-balance was totally off. And yet, I had eagerly accepted the gift. Ha. *Gift.* What was I thinking?

"Do not be so foolish as to forget me!" A squeaky, almost girlish voice chimed in.

"Dammit, not you too, Valda." I stared in dismay at the enormous shield that lay against the wall. "What would I even need you for right now?"

"There is always need for more protection," it reminded me. "Especially when wading into dangerous battle with Aramok the Bloodlusted One."

In retrospect, that epithet was a clear red flag.

"Yes, but I'm obviously not about to battle," I tried to explain. "The worst that can happen is I'll get a cut on my fingers from using this stupid, heavy sword--"

"A CUT? Which leads to skin rupture and nerve damage and vessel breakage which all leads to PAIN AND BLEEDING? NOOO!"

"Son of a bitch, I forgot about you too," I sighed. I tried walking back, but the Boots of Cowardice (seriously, why would I willingly take something with 'cowardice' in its name? And *wear* it, just for fun?) kept me from budging. It was if they suddenly weighed a ton. "OK, Courage and Valor, what do you want from me?"

"Use Valda," they cried. Their stupid voices were muffled, too, presumably because my feet were inside them. "Protect us from the world and all its darkness!"

Knowing that logica;  explanations would be no help here, I just rolled my eyes, grabbed Valda by the straps, and dragged my unnecessarily encumbered self back to the kitchen counter.

"Whose life shall we end tonight, Master?" Aramok's voice came as an annoying whisper. "A dark sorceror's? A demon's? Or perhaps that of an innocent mother of two?"

"The hell?"

"I don't judge."

"We are killing no one here, as I've told you so many times," I said through gritted teeth. "I'm just trying to make *lunch*."

With that, I swung downward with much greater force than I prepared for, utterly destroying the cutting board and splintering the counter underneath. On the bright side, I now, finally, had a slice of ham for my sandwich. I decided to forgo cutting any green onions because I was tired of lifting Aramok. Instead, I hungrily fished out two slices of white bread from the plastic bag.

"You wish to consume un-toasted bread?" Valda snuck in. "Think before you err!"

"Oh my God, now you're judging my food choices, too?" I shouted at the shield that I was still pointlessly gripping. "You're a shield! Why would you even care?"

"My job is to protect you, sire. Against death and mediocre lunches alike."

"I don't have the time or patience to toast it!" I yelled. "I'd have to drag the toaster out from God knows where, and plug it in, and--"

Then, a voice rang out from the living room. "That's no problem, master; just use one of the heat spells I have within me! I promise you, they are literally the best spells you could ever find anywhere. The. BEST!"

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

*Liked that story? Want more like it? Check out* r/Idreamofdragons!