Queens. 

New York. It was young Don's home, his pride: with his father, they'd *built* this town. 

Literally all of it. 

Don coughed, grinding out the butt of his cigarette against the cold-basement concrete. These days, they knew better. These days, smoking killed. Don snorted, but the ironic humor fell flat. 

Queens was a place of secrets, but... what *was* he looking at? He'd grown up here, in this building, from babe to virile, puissant man.

"I didn't pay to build *this*," Don mused aloud. *Or, I wouldn't have, if I actually paid for anything...* He smiled, thankful for his business acumen and extraordinary talent. 

Young Don climbed to the bottom of his basement stairs, walking forward under the wan light of an incandescent bulb. 

Somehow, a great, pillared, stone-arched building- which seemed to open up *into* the ground itself- had been found in his childhood basement. The gilding service (which, by the way, would be made fully aware of Don's displeasure) had informed him of a delay due to the "greater surface area than expected, requiring more gold." Don hadn't been home since he had become a successful businessman- shortly after his stint as a fetus- and he figured it was time. 

Well. Whoever had constructed a building under- and, indeed, *adjoining* with Don's childhood home should know that young Don considered squatting to be one of the cardinal sins: up there with income tax, rent control, and sweet potatoes.

Don walked across his basement and up to the building. A chill air which smelled oh-so-slightly of a cool, Siberian summer rolled over him. He closed his eyes, lost in a reverie, so sweet, so beautiful-

He nearly tripped, as he'd closed his eyes for a moment too long. Had the *gravity* changed? Though the entrance was thrust into the ground at an angle, Don now walked on its floor normally. The entire building was one great, circular room. It had a high ceiling, and at its center, there burnt a great fire. 

It lacked an obvious source of fuel. 

*Gas?* Don wondered. To burn such a fire would cost a fortune. 

Perhaps he *had* build this place? In fact, he vaguely- no, *distinctly* remembered it. 

Yes, this place was his. 

Don walked around it, admiring the furnishings his decorator had used. *Fantastic*. A shimmering axe... A sword with a ruby in its hilt... Even a long-barreled rifle. Somehow, along the round edge of the room, these items were suspended in air. 

"They're beautiful, aren't they?" 

Don jumped in alarm. Someone was in his home! He puffed his chest, and spun, and... *paused.*

It was a woman. She was tall, young, and had sharp, well-proportioned features of the sort a man might sculpt. Her bosom was generous, and her hips swayed as she walked.

On the whole, Don figured, she was slightly better than plain. 

Don walked towards her. Naturally, he reached down to, well, *you know*, but to his utter disbelief, she stepped away. 

"*Now*, now, Donald." 

"You know my name?" Young Don asked.

"I know a great many things, Donald." 

"I *doubt* that," Don muttered under his breath. But when he met the woman's eyes, suddenly, she *changed*. She was no longer a woman: she was a man, with marbled skin. With a forked tail which spoke of power. 

"Donald, do you know who I am?" 

"...yes? Yes, I do," Young Don lied. It didn't matter- it was another man, with whom Don could speak business. 

"Good, Donald. Good." The marbled man flicked his tail, smiling, waving his arm around the room. "These are all weapons, Donald. They have been wielded by the strongest, most impressive men ever to live. Would you like to wield one for me, Donald?" 

Don cleared his throat. "Yes... please," Don replied, politely. Meanwhile, he glanced around the room. Hungry. 

"Then... choose," the marbled man said. 

Don began to walk forward, but the marbled man held his hand aloft. "No. *It* will choose *you*." 

Young Don rolled his eyes, but waited. And then, he felt drawn... pulled, towards a hovering weapon which had before eluded his attention. 

Don walked up to it, *knowing* that it was his, feeling anticipation for the powerful manhood it would help him wield... 

But, upon inspection, Don nearly choked. "You think to *scam* me?!" He turned to the marbled man, raising his voice, angry. "A piano-sized bowling ball? It's covered in dust, it's useless!" 

The marbled man raised an eyebrow. "Donald, it is covered in dust because it has seen... too little use. But it is my prized weapon, Donald. I wish to give it to you." 

Don scratched his head. "I... I... Can I have the axe instead?" Donald sighed, confused. "Please? It's... so shiny..." 

"Donald, that... *bowling ball*... is worth a million axes. It will split the fabric of the atom itself, and via fission and fusion, it will bring cleansing to a world filled with too many who are *different than you*... And Donald, I will give you more than *four thousand* of them."

Donald sighed. He just didn't understand. "But how?" He asked.

"Simple," the marbled man replied. "I will make you the President... of the United States of America."


