Changed the nerd into a girl. 
---
Jon jumped back as Winter through another dagger at him. He had never expected his classmates to fall into the darkness. Well, okay, it had been his fault for being complacent when the two boys were left for death. Jon would admit that, but in his defence, the jock was deathly afraid of being abandoned by his 'friends'. He, despite his strength, was not the most great at dungeon clearing. He was rash, and would charge ahead without thinking. 

Winter was then suddenly hit by a knife. Pre had angrily hit the male with a knife. The knife hadn't hit by the blade, but rather the handle. It flew back into Pre's arms, and the goth smiled. She had taken Johanna's advice, and it had worked. That little nerd was an incredible strategist. The homeschooled kid watched as August leaped forward, grabbing onto Winter to heal him. The homeschooler was about to leap forward, when Johanna put a hand in front of him. Winter stood back in his feet. His health had gone back up. Johanna growled. 

Not good.

Despite Johanna's warnings, the homeschooler (no one had bothered to learn his name) threw a bunch of spells at winter and August. August used his on of his upper wings to become the the spell, before taking to the sky, Winter in his arms. There was no way to reach them anymore. Johanna growled. She growled and kicked the homeschooler in the nuts. He had ruined the mission.

---

Johanna sat alone in the astronomy tower. She was tired. Hours upon hours of drafting military plans for the vanguard squad had left her slightly sick. This world had healing magic, but she didn't want to make the trek for two reasons. One of them was what happened to Winter and August. She was just like them, so who was to say she wouldn't end up just like they had? Left for dead by people they thought were just childish bullies. Now that she'd seen their true nature, she didn't want to leave the astronomy tower. Well, not alone, anyway. 

There was a knock at the door, Johanna finally looked away from her beloved stars. She slowly opened the door, prepped to bash someone over the head with her (incredibly heavy) purse/book-bag. In walked the homeschooler. Johanna groaned. What did the plan ruiner want? The ne'er-do-well sat down near the telescope. Johanna shut the door, and tackled him. 

"Why'd you come here!?" 

"Relax! I just want your help!"

"We'll get out! I'm not going to help you in the middle of the night!" 

Johanna angrily mustered up her minuscule strength and shoved the annoying boy out the door.

---

Jon  ran up to the demons, cutting a bunch of them in half with his oversized sword. Pre dashed by, at a near undetectable speed. A trail of dead was left in her wake. She ran back to Johanna, the only one who had healing items. The nerdy girl tossed a potion to her crush and the goth gratefully gulped it down. Her max HP was very low, so she had to report back every five seconds. Regardless, Pre dealt quite a bit of damage. Sometimes she could do one hit kills. 

She dashed back out, but this time, as she ran back, Jon ran up behind her, slashing like a madman at the small devils that crawled up from the earth. The homeschooler attempted to cast a spell, but Johanna used her magic to cancel out his. She couldn't risk him messing anything else up, especially now that they were a part of the vanguard. 

A bolt of darkness came from behind them, blowing a bunch of the demons and devils into the sky. When they turned, they saw two people they never thought they'd see again. Winter and August. Winter smiled and gave what Johanna would consider a slightly insidious wave. He then threw a bunch more bolts of darkness forward. Johanna gave them a silent thank you in her head. 

She and the rest of the party dashed forward, Pre at the head, and the tank like Jon at the back. 

None of them knew why Winter had helped, but they were thankful none the less. 

---

"Why was he there?" 

"The higher ups apparently paid them to blast a hole through the enemy." 

"Oh..." Johanna was slightly disappointed. She had hoped that her old classmates would be coming back, and that everyone could finally start making amends. 

Pre, on the other hand, wasn't one but surprised. She had found it hard to believe those two would go from being chaotic neutrals to good guys in a matter of hours. 

Jon patted Johanna on the back, reassuringly. This didn't work though, as his strength was a bit more than he'd anticipated, and she stumbled forward. Her hold on all the spells she didn't want the homeschooler to cast went loose, and she accidentally blasted a bunch of withheld spells across the badlands. The demon castle visibly quivered, before one of it's towers fell to the ground. 

There was a loud scream that must have been incredibly strong, because it could be heard where the flank was. 

...And they were on the edge of the badlands. 

A bunch of very pissed off demons appeared. Jon and Johanna both went scarlet. They both said the same thing at the same moment.

"Oh shit."
