"So, how does it work?"

I looked down at the little girl sitting before me, seeing her properly for the first time. Her name was Martha Reynolds, she was six years old, and she loved ponies. 

She also might have been the most dangerous serial killer in the past century. 

Or, at least, she had been. It was hard to imagine that such a cute, friendly little girl could be the reincarnation of one of histories most brutal killers. But that was sort of the point, wasn't it? If you were just going to come back as the same person, was there even a point to death?

Those kinds of questions were above my pay grade. All I needed to know was that somewhere, some genius had finally figured out how to quantify the human soul, and from there the rest was history. 

Souls, as it turned out, were actually pretty boring. You couldn't eat them, you couldn't use them for energy, and when you die they go away. How do you make money off of that? People were stumped for a while, until some other genius realized something important. 

They always come back. 

I like to think that when a soul is reincarnated, it's a blank slate. I've read a few studies that seem to show that there's no correlation between actions of previous lives and what you'll end up as in your current life, but to be honest there's just not enough data yet. But the capitalists out there don't seem to agree, and managed to push a law through that made the recipient of a soul liable for the actions of their progenitor. In the case of debt, you'd have situations where babies suddenly end up costing parents a hell of a lot more than they signed up for. 

In the case of criminality...

"Mister?"

I blinked, attaching the device (a little, metal headband with a bunch of flashing lights) to Martha's head. 

"Magic," I said. She seemed satisfied with that answer. 

"Will or hurt?"

"No, they tell me it tickles a little, and it makes a funny noise."

"I don't feel like a bad guy."

I found that I could no longer look at Martha, and instead fixed my gaze at the screen before me. It wasn't so hard when we caught them early, but sometimes someone slipped through the cracks. There were only so many times you could rip a child from their mother arms before it started to get to you, but society had decided that someone had to do it, and that someone was me. 

Was it ironic to wonder if I'd done something wrong in a past life?

"Okay, Martha, are you ready?"

"I'm ready."

I held my finger over the button, hesitated, then pushed it. The machine made a noise, Martha giggled, and the results were in.

"So, mister, what does it say?"

-----

First time contributing here. I'm writing from a cellphone in bed so please forgive any mistakes. Very cool prompt!