\*waves hello\*  Hello all, I'm as new as they get around here, but I've been writing for some time - just not lately, as writer's block and life have had me in quite a chokehold for almost a decade now.  So, I figured I'd give some short story writing prompts a try, see if that helps me. :)  But enough about me...

\* \* \*

“What have you got there?”

“Nuthin.” I tried in vain to hide my newest creation behind my back, knowing full well that there wasn’t a possibility that Mama would miss it. The downside of being the spawn of an all-knowing, all-seeing demi goddess meant that you couldn’t get away with squat.

“Come on, Iras.” One of Mama’s hands extended toward me, and I focused on the tinge of green to her nails instead of looking into her eyes. Any of those six eyes would know immediately that I was lying, and darn it all, I was GOING to get away with it this time. “Give.”

“I don’t have nuthin.” I shifted my feet absently, hoping the sound of my tentacles across the sand would be enough to distract her. “When’s Dad coming home?”

She sighed. “Not for a while, kiddo. You know he’s involved in some world building a few realities over.” She fixed all of her eyes on me and stared through me. “Oh no, Iras. What did you do this time?”

“It wasn’t my fault!” I pulled the glowing orb out from behind my back guiltily and covered it carefully with my arms.

“It never is, is it.” The disproval in Mama’s voice stung. “Let me see.”

I reluctantly held the sphere up so she could examine it. She took it from my hands and peered into its swirling center. “My, Iras. How’d this happen?”

“I was playing with Liku and Boro, and Boro accidentally hit me across the nose.” I rubbed at my nose absently, the stinging still present. “I sneezed, one of those good sneezes that comes from the bottom to the top?” I mimed sneezing so hard, my eyeballs nearly popped out.

Mama was doing her best to suppress a smile for my antics as she said, “And then what happened?”

“Well, when I sneezed, something happened.” I stopped pantomiming for a moment and considered. “I think I said somethin’ when I sneezed. Something like what Dad says. There was this HUGE flash of light,” my arms did their best to show Mama just how big of a flash of light it was, “and then this fell onto the ground.”

“My.” Was that… pride I heard in Mama’s voice? “Well, your father will be very interested to see this when he gets home, you know.” She handed it back to me gently and patted me on the head. “It looks like this one’s fully alive too, you know. Even your brother was eons older than you before he created his first fully functional life form.”

“I know.” I was beaming now that it was apparent I wasn’t going to get in trouble. “I’ve been messing with it all day, seeing what I can do with it. Can…” Dare I ask? “Can I keep it?”

“I don’t see why not. You created it, after all, you can keep it as long as you take care of it.” She bent down and enveloped me in a large, tentacled hug. “Just remember that universes are a big responsibility.”

“I know, Mama.”

“Do you know what you’re going to name it yet?”

“Well, when I sneezed, it kinda sounded like ‘Hoomom.’ So I was thinking, human?”

“Make it more official sounding and call it ‘humanity.’ That will look better on the forms.”

“Ok, Mama.”