Part 1/?

My agent forwarded me the latest stack of TV interview requests, speaking engagements, book deals. There were also various requests to appear at middle schools and high schools to support "Women in STEM" efforts. Diane Widener, trailblazer in modern science, blah blah blah. Not even a "doctor" in front of my name. I never got that far.

I never considered myself good at math. It really is the weak spot of my abilities. If my math score had matched my verbal score on the SATs, I would have been admitted into a top-tier university. The math side was slightly above average- together enough to get me into a decent regional school with a scholarship.  Now, part of this was my anxiety disorder (diagnosed late in my undergrad years). Part of this was the shitty teachers and environment in my high school. And part of it was that I didn't have the focus I should have, because I was rarely challenged, and there is only so far you can challenge *yourself.* So when I showed up for freshman orientation and was asked to take a math placement test, I was very nervous.

They filled a roomful of test takers in the computer lab. I took a deep breath and started answering the questions. I worked slowly, methodically. I hadn't even taken a math class my senior year of high school, so I had to dredge up things. People started leaving the room a few minutes later, finished. *Shit,* I thought to myself. I forced myself to focus and kept working. More people left. *Well, this is demoralizing,* I thought to myself. I kept going. Another wave left; the cute guy I was developing a crush on waved at me as he left. I felt mortified. There were only a few of us left. The questions started going too far into left field for me, and the test stopped. I stopped at the desk outside, as they instructed us.

"Last name Widener..." the TA mused. "Ahh. Here you are. Good job; you made it into engineering track."

"Er, great, but I'm going to major in business," I said. "I'm not that good at math."

"That first wave that left were the ed majors and the business majors. You sure you want to go that route?"

"Does the engineering track mean I can knock out my requirements in fewer courses?"

"Well, yeah...you're skipping some pre-reqs."

"Great! Let's rip this fucking band-aid off, then!" I signed up for analytic geometry.

Admittedly, this wasn't my best move ever. It led me to some unhealthy coping mechanisms. Going to a school in the middle of the cornfields meant there was little to do except for two things: drink or fuck. And since I had no plans on becoming a mother at 19, that only left the one thing. And you know what? Calculus comes easier after knocking back a couple of Heinekens. Don't give me that look. I was on a student budget, ok?

Well, turns out I found electrodynamics easier to fathom than accounting. And ballistic flight math is honestly cool. I changed the business major to a minor and ended up taking more classes in the engineering building. Engineers and musicians are crowds that often overlap, so I joined a music group or two and collected more dubious influences. But I had to keep a certain grade point average to maintain my scholarship. The academic pressure was mounting and I cracked under the strain.

Remember the cute guy from freshman orientation? Matt was his name. And we ended up being in some classes together.  The crush was never requited, but we had friends in common. A couple days before finals, I was at a party at the music fraternity. "Okay, that's it," I announced. "Time for me to go...I have to finish studying for my physics exam."

"Diane, stay a while longer," Matt spoke up. "You always study too much and make yourself mad with worry." A few of our friends chuckled.

"I still have to worry about grades for grad school," I pointed out. "Mommy  and Daddy aren't paying for me beyond undergrad."

"You won't get anywhere worrying yourself to death," Matt said. "Stay and have another beer."

I rose. "Well *everything's* easy for you," I shot back. "Some of us have to work at it."

Matt rummaged around the beer cooler. "Hey, there's a Raging Bitch left here! Sure you don't want it?"

I hesitated. It was tempting. "Nope, had enough beer," I said. "Thanks anyway." Matt sighed, turned around, and rummaged through a candy tray, unwrapping a chocolate. He turned back toward me. "Well, a little boost to mental health," he said, and made as if to pop the chocolate into my mouth. This much I accepted, and I started munch away...until I noticed something odd. "Matt, I think you left the paper liner on..." I carefully extricated it from chewed chocolate. It was tiny, and had a picture printed on it. I eyed this, and realization dawned.

"You did *not* just give me LSD," I said flatly.

"You need the serotonin boost," Matt said with a grin. "Relax. It'll be fun. Let your hair down a bit." I paled.

Anya, one of our classmates, spoke next. "You gave Little Miss Ball of Nerves *acid?"* She shook her head. "She's not gonna react the same way you do, Matt. She's wired different." I was already seeing colors start to shift.

"Matt, you make me glad I never went on a date with you," I growled. I knew he didn't mean anything *bad* by it. Matt epitomized High INT, Low WIS. "Uh....colors aren't supposed to have noise..."

The rest of the night I spent terrified. I rarely let myself average beyond two drinks in public, much less doing drugs. Anya stayed with me. Eventually she dragged me back to my room and I got a (little) sleep. Five minutes later my roommate Liz was shaking me awake.

"Diane!" she hissed. "Wake up! You have an exam this morning!"

"Mrrrh...Tuesday..." I mumbled and rolled over.

"MONDAY," she said, waving my printed weekly calendar in front of me. I stared at her blearily. "Did you get plastic surgery? They didn't do a very good job..."

"Oh, for fuck's sake," Liz breathed. "Anya told me about last night. Look. Just GO. You have some padding with your grade so far; they won't let you take it late." She handed me a Starbucks Doubleshot and kicked my shoes at me. "Go go go...just don't think about it too hard. You'll be fine!" she said with forced Minnesotan cheer. A few minutes later I stumbled off to the engineering building for my astrophysics exam. The grass was still so fucking *green...*

I made my way inside, trying to stay low key. I stared at my exam. It made as much sense to me as the math placement exam my freshman year, and I felt the same dread. I took a deep breath, then looked for an easy question to establish a foothold and momentum...then I started drawing pictures, and diagrams...and asked for more scratch paper. I felt that familiar sense of "flow" I usually only felt when doing music or writing a philosophy paper... I was definitely the last one to leave the exam. The professor seemed to have given me an unofficial extension on time, which I took as a kindness. I avoided eye contact as I handed in my papers and skittered off....

  

I was screwed. I just knew it. I went back to my room to hide from the world. I crammed the rest of my exams and slogged through the week. On Friday I got an email “asking” me to attend a meeting with my physics professor and the head of the honors college. I pondered a shot of whiskey before I went. I decided I would meet my fate sober. I went with feet dragging.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;