Started with a really good idea but it's not my best. Will post anyway though.

The physicist told me that I would temporarily lose my memories -I would get them back after the transmutation was complete, but what she wasn't sure of was if I'd remember what I'd see.

There was a blinding light and a sudden moment where I never believed in anything before it. As the light faded, shapes took form, unrecognizable. 

I squinted, as if that would familiarize the blobs that were quickly forming into various things -a table set with silverware,  a man and a woman, and one child.

As the shapes took form they grew in density, as did I. I felt that my body was seated. The feeling of nostalgia mixed with delirium was overwhelming. Time seemed to be frozen, as if waiting for my motion sickness to subside. Then, the world in front of me picked up as if it had been paused in the middle of a scene, awaiting my presence.

"You see," the woman was saying. Slight frown, trying to form it into a crooked smile. "It's a very good opportunity. We love you guys and of course we want you to move with us. I know you're dad is here but we'd still want you to at least think about it".

The man next to her said nothing. He looked distant, as if he were politely trying very hard to not be a part of the conversation. 

The air was stiff and the sound of soft elevator music could be heard. Another person -a waiter- entered briefly, but I couldn't hear what he said. I felt as if I were dreaming. 

A voice spoke to my right "this is kind of sudden". It was pleasant enough, but the undertone was harsh. I turned my head (discovering in the process that I could do so) and saw that it was a young girl -a young woman, upon closer inspection of her eyes. Her eyes showed that she was older than most cared to think.

The woman blathered on again, and the girl remained silent. Finally, she said "I think you know my answer. I've always lived with dad. And my little brother is here. It's kind of hard to say. But.." 

She trailed off. The air grew painfully awkward. What was this woman thinking? Couldn't she see how uncomfortable the girl was just by looking into her eyes?

It was then that I realized that this woman was her mother. At that same moment, a sucked in a sharp breath, thinking "how could she put her daughter in such a horrible position"?

The mother turned her gaze to me. I felt oddly shy and ashamed under her vision -something that felt out of place for me. 

"What about you, Jake?"

I wanted to say that I agreed. But all I could do (as if automatically) was nod my head slightly. The look she gave me almost broke my heart. But what did this women expect from us?

Suddenly the world grew dark, and I felt the fibers of my being pulled by hair strings.

When I awoke, I did not feel rested -it felt like I had been hauled reluctantly out of a dream. I opened my eyes and saw the physicist, Dr. Amari, leering over me eagerly.

"What was it like?" She inquired as soon as I had fully woken up and extracted myself from the machine. "What did you see? Do you remember?"

Her eyes were full of excitement. For a moment I almost shared it -that exhilarating feeling of sharing new information -when suddenly it hit me. A wave of nostalgia mixed with sadness washed over me. My knees buckled under its weight and I keeled over.

Dr. Amari was asking if I was okay, but I couldn't hear her. I had discovered that I could remember everything I saw from inside the machine. I had been looking at myself. 

I had a sudden burning hatred for my mother and wondered suddenly why I had even tried to look back on my own memories. Some things are best left not to dwell on and meant to be left in the past. 