"If there's a crust I'm not giving you a tip," I stated in as bitter of a voice as I could muster immediately as I pulled the front door open, "and I *mean* it."

"Uhhh," stumbled the delivery driver, who had enough tattoos on his face and neck to make even a callous giant like me nervous, as he tried to come up with a response.  I wondered to myself how he'd even managed to find a job at all.  "You have fun with that, buddy.  Be seein' ya *real* soon."  He finally answered, albeit cryptically and with an genuine impatience that rivaled my joking.  He shoved the pizza box into my hands and turned around.

"H-hey! What? Don't you want your money?"  I exclaimed, after a moment of confusion, to the tattoo'd delivery boy as he was walking back to his car.

He quickly turned back around and sneered as me, making a cutting motion across his neck with his middle and pointer finger and grabbing at the crotch-region of his shin-length jean shorts,  "You better shut that fuckin' mouth right now if ya know what's good for ya, old man."  He nodded at me with a disturbing confidence.  "..Be seein' you *real* soon."

I shut the door gently, verbally beaten into submission by a man half my size.  Terror coursing through my veins and beating in my heart, I proceeded to open the pizza box.  I stared is disbelief at the gallon-sized bag housing white powder in place of where a pizza should have been.  I'm not the brightest man in the world, and I hadn't had much experience with drugs, but I know for sure that this was a shit-ton of coke.  My face went red and it started to become difficult to breathe, but before I collapsed to the floor the doorbell rang.  A burst of adrenaline released itself into my body and for a moment all my fears dissipated.  I was prepared for war.

I turned around and SWUNG the door open hard enough to put a hole through my drywall.  Glaring and grunting like an animal, I assumed a crouching horse battle stance and challenged my opponent.  It was at that moment I realized the person at my front door wasn't the former "delivery boy," but a black man itching himself with white lips.  "Isthisthefive'o'clockfreecrackgiveaway?!" he shouted, looking past my in search of the goods.