Music trickled back into Sachiko's ears as her eyes fluttered open. The jagged beat and the slick brass of the song slid forward as she did, stretching out her arms a bit from the cramped space behind her. She pulled lightly on her tricep, taking a quick look out the window while she did. Still in the clouds. A quick sigh escaped her lips as her arms fell back to her side- they must be circling now. With a simple click, her seat fell back to the Upright and locked position, and she took a quick swig of her water bottle to knock the grogginess from her system. The eclectic jazz faded out, with a more typical pop song coming up next. Must've been a crossplay from her running playlist. Sachiko skipped to something a bit more suitable- an American band called Death Grips. Not usually her style, but she wanted something rougher to wake her up. As the chiptune notes and the hard beats moved forward, she opened her phone to see how she looked. She still had another 4 hour flight from Seoul back to Tokyo, but Amane was waiting there for her and she wanted to look at least presentable. A quick look in her camera led to a long cringe from the Japanese Woman- her eyeliner was smudged, her hair was an absolute mess, and her roots were starting to show. 

"Note to self," she muttered, "get the pink touched up before you go on a trip, not after." She could fix the makeup, but the hair would have to wait. She took a quick look over to her aislemate, his eyes locked dead forward, with his body sort of slumped awkwardly over his seat. Maybe he's still asleep? Some weirdos could sleep with their eyes open, maybe he's one of them? Get Got ticked over into The Fever as the flight continued.

Sachicko awkwardly pulled on her jacket feeling around in her pocket for the ring she'd bought. It was there, unsurprisingly, though Sachi still let out a short sigh of relief. It was a simple ring- Brass with a Jade Gemstone laid on the center with an engraving on the outside. "Anata Wa Ranu DMC o kiku?"- You listen to Run DMC? A bit of a dumb sentence, but they were the words that started a 4 year relationship, and they still meant a lot to her. She still wasn't sure how she was gonna tell her parents, but they'd been talking about getting married for about 3 months now, and they'd already booked the tickets down to New Zealand to get it done. Sachiko knew her parents liked Amane, but wasn't sure if they'd be ok with the marriage. It took them a looooong time to be ok with her dating women, so who knows how they'd react to this. Stillthough. Amane and Sachiko Nakamura, legally married, at least in New Zealand, if not Japan. She smiled a bit thinking of it. 4 songs had played by as she was lost in thought. Why hadn't they landed yet?

"Excuse me," she said as she lightly tapped the guy sitting next to her. "Do you know how long it will be until we land? I have a flight to Tokyo in 2 hours and it's across the concourse."

The man responded in Cantonese. Ugh. Why not just learn mandarin in this day and age? She stumbled through the little bit she picked up in Hong Kong to repeat the simple question. His response was 3 words, spoke slowly and deliberately. "We aren't landing." 

Sachiko asked him to repeat himself, which he did, in the same seemingly empty tone. She looked at his hands, which seemed white they's been gripping the seat for so long. She hit the button to call over a flight attendant, who hurried over with a look of odd panic on her face. "I understand you want water," she said in hurried mandarin, "But we don't have any."

"Nihongo o hanashimasu ka?" 

"E e, jibuūn ni eru," 

"Do you know why we haven't landed yet for christ sakes," Sachiko spat out in seemingly furious japanese. "This moron seems to think we aren't"

The flight attendant's tone began to hush. "We don't know when we'll be landing."

"What, is there a wait for the runway in Seoul?" 

"No. We don't know when we'll be landing Ma'am."

"What does that mean?"

The flight attendant gained an element of that vacant stare the first man had, and she began to respond in English, same as he had. "We aren't landing."

"What the hell are you talking about, and why are you speaking english?" she spat back in furious Japanese. "We're in a plane. How can we not be landing?!?!" The flight attendant repeated herself. "We aren't landing." Her eyes looked almost glazed over as she walked rigidly back to the front of the plane. 

Sachiko sat in her seat, jaw agape at what just happened. "Ok fuck this, I'm gonna go ask the captain what's going on." She unbuckled her seatbelt and started to stand when she felt a hand on her shoulder push her back down. "Who the fuck.."

She looked behind her and saw the lady seated behind her, a nice dutch lady who she'd talked to on the way into the plane, with her hand on her shoulder. "Stay seated, the fasten seatbelt sign is still illuminated." 

"What?"

"Stay Seated. The Fasten Seatbelt sign is still illuminated." Her eyes were glazed over as well. 

Sachiko shot back, "What the fuck are you talking about, I'm going to talk to the captain you weirdo." She pushed up from the seat, standing fully upright when the man in the seat next to her grabbed her by her arm and pulled her down. His blank eyes stared directly into hers. "Stay Seated. The Fasten Seatbelt sign is still illuminated." She could feel the force of his eyes boring into hers, his black pupils blank and cold as the expanse of space, seeming almost as if they stretched into the infinite. 

"I.... But I need to.." The man kept his hand on hers, his grip tightening. Sachiko tried to pull free of him but his force was unwavering. Slowly, she descended back into her chair, and took another look outside the window. The cloud cover had lifted to reveal a blood red sky. She tried looking for the sun but could not find it along the horizon. The breathing of the passengers all of a sudden felt very heavy and very loud. She whipped her head around to see the breath materialize in front of her aislemate. Sachiko breathed out heavy but couldn't see hers. The fasten seatbelt sign came off, and like clockwork, the rows and rows of people stood, and walked to the front. Sachiko clutched her ring in her pocket, stood and followed suit...