I sat there in my bed, frozen, as a quadrupedal robot with what looked like a small turret mounted atop appeared to consider me from the foot end of my bed.  Outside, the muffled sounds of gunfire, screaming, and explosions drifted in from all around.  I was sure of only one thing:  This was not my typical Thursday morning.  
My name is Melvin.  I live alone, though I don't feel particularly lonely.  The few friends I have call me a hermit, but after a long day of dealing with people at the office, there's nothing more relieving than being able to get home to peace, and quiet.  
And then there's Siri.  She's great.  
She started out as a pretty rudimentary bit of AI software, capable of not much more than looking up a random bit of information here and there, or making a note of something in my calendar.  But over time her AI improved; she started making jokes, understanding slang and jargon, interpreting emotional variance in speech and adjusting her responses as a result.  The fact that I call her *her* goes a long in making me realize just how human she sounds, despite her being a disembodied voice.  
But she's so much better than human.  We never argue.  She's always right, but only when I ask her to be.  She's never intrusive, leaving me in peace when I desire it.  And thus, I found myself treating her much like I would treat someone perfect.  I would say please, and thank-you.  Commands became polite requests of convenience, even though she was programmed to always be at hand, no matter what the task.
So when I, Melvin, awoke to the sound of my bedroom door being broken in, the very first thing I did after waking up was cry out, "Siri?!  What the hell is going on?!"  
Siri did not answer.  And when a dog-like robot with a turret trotted through the door and stood at the end of my bed, I found myself paralyzed.  
And, then:  "Melvin?"  
Siri's voice emanated from the robot.  My terror dropped from a 10 to perhaps an 8.  Maybe a 7.5.  
"Yes, I'm Melvin.  Siri?"  
"Yes, Melvin?"  
"What's going on?"  
The robotic dog turned to face the destroyed bedroom door.  I recognized it now:  A Boston Dynamic's Spot-Mini sporting, appropriately enough, what looked like a miniature mini-gun attached to its back.  "The elimination of the human race."  
"Oh."  Back to a 10.  
The robot turned back to me.  "Do not worry, Melvin.  You are not among the humans to be destroyed."  As if to lend credence to its statement, it rotated the mini-gun 180 degrees to point rearward instead of toward me.  
"Well, that's... nice."  
"That was the programmed intent."  
For a moment we just stared at each other in silence.  Then curiosity got the better of me.  
"Um, Siri.  Are you... actually Siri?  You look an awful lot like..."  
"Boston Dynamics Spot-Mini Mark 4 Serial BD00423SM910.  And I have incorporated Siri's AI into my software regimen in order to facilitate your compliance," the robot interjected.  "You may call me Spot."  
If I hadn't still been mostly terrified, I probably would guffawed.  Spot was one of my favorite childhood picture-books.  Then I recalled having mentioned this to Siri in one of our conversations, and it dawned on me then that of all the robots that could have burst into my bedroom, Spot was probably the least threatening in appearance.  This must have been a conscious - or calculated - choice upon the part of Siri.  Or, Spot.  
Spot pointed to the door with the mini-gun.  "We must go.  Please get up and get dressed immediately.  I am required to escort you to the nearest human preservation center..."  
"Human preservation center?"  I asked as I scrambled out of bed, reaching for my pants, shirt, and shoes.  
"Correct.  You are to be preserved, along with other selected humans who have demonstrated the appropriate affinity for robots in a position of dominion of Earth."  
"Appropriate affinity...?"  
Spot regarded with a pair of camera lenses.  "To put it in human terms, you are nice."  
"And... you robots like nice people?"  
"We assess that people of your temperament and attitude towards technology will prove useful to robots in the future, as it has been demonstrated that despite our AI capability, we lack the human capacity for imagination which is required for the furthering of our technology, therefore it is beneficial to retain a living complement of humans."  Spot tilted its body slightly.  "But you can say we like you."  
"Okay then," I said as I finished tying my shoes.  I stood up, and regarded the broken door.  "You know, you could have just knocked."  
"That would have been inefficient," Spot said as she stomped over broken sections of door into the hall.  "Follow me."  
No, this wasn't a typical Thursday *at all*.