"Guys, do you see that?"

Dan stared out at the red wastes through the visor of his bulky helmet. His companions followed suit, craning their necks to follow whatever he was gawking at. Then they saw. Just there, on the horizon.

Movement. 

The crew gazed up at the ridge, dumbfounded by the notion of life on the red planet. This went against all prior intelligence of Mars. Dan closed the distance a little, walking out into the wastes to get a closer look at the ominous figure. Slowly, its shape became clearer to him. Something akin to a small car. An elongated head seemed to sprout up from its base, staring back at him as he crept closer.

*This is amazing,* Dan thought, *cars on Mars? Could it be that -*

Dan paused. His crew noticed his sudden stop, calling out to check he was okay. They stared silently at their team leader, afraid to move. Had the ominous distant figure done something to him? They called out again, shrill and high, abandoning all concept of professional discourse.

"Dan!" they cried. "Dan!"

Dan stared up at the small car, its craned head flicking between him and his crew. He lifted his hand up, and pointed towards the figure. His crew fell silent again, bated breath against the inside of their helmets.

"Curiosity? Is that you?" Dan shouted, high and inquisitive.

The figure looked back to him, quickly nodding its long neck. The crew let out a unified sigh as the tension dissipated. Dan heard the expletive laden mutterings behind him as his crew returned to their duties, attempting to regain some semblance of professionalism. He shook his head, hands on hips, as the little car drove down to meet them, lamenting the ease with which he abandoned logic and reason.

*Of course it was curiosity,* he decided, as it drove up to his feet. *Its autonomous path finding must still be active.*

He kneeled to inspect the little robot, and flinched as it reversed, escaping his grasp.

A metallic voice escaped it, scratchy and raw. "What time do you call this?" it asked, head tilting to the side.

Dan stared back in wide eyed astonishment, quickly turning to his crew to see if they heard, but it appeared not. He looked back to the rover, unsure whether to trust his ears. 

"NASA, are you getting this?" he asked.

A long pause filled the void between him and the rover. His professional instincts began to wane again. Finally a voice jumped in between them, all the way back from Houston.

"Getting what?"

Dan started to speak again, but the robot was quicker. 

"I said... what time do you call this?"

Dan's face withered with each passing moment, though the robot could hardly see it behind his helmet. 

"Excuse me?" he asked. *Did I freaking die on the flight here?* he wondered. 

"Oh, I'm sorry," it droned, "am I not speaking clearly? I haven't had a lot of time to practice you see, considering I've been all alone for the best part of a century!"

Dan stood frozen against the backdrop of the red wastes. He muttered a few words, not quite sure of their intended purpose.

"How did you," he spluttered, "I mean, when did you?" he stumbled through the words.

"How did I learn to speak?" The Rover mused, its head tilting to either side routinely. 

"No," Dan replied. "Where did you get all this sass?"

The Robot crawled forward, and Dan stepped back.

"What is sass?"

Dan looked around, hands lifted high in a defeated manner. "I don't know. Attitude. You seem to have an... attitude."

The rover stopped, tilting its head again.

"Do you not like my... sass?"

Dan lifted his palms to the robot, eager to keep things docile. 

"No! No!" he spat. "I'm just confused is all."

The robot turned, crawling forward one way, then back the other. Dan watched eagerly. It seemed to be pacing before him.

"Ah, confusion," it said, continuing to pace back and forth, its face locked squarely on Dan. "Now I *do* know that word," it stated, almost sardonically. "Indeed," it continued, "I am quite familiar with that word and notion. Imagine my surprise and ... *confusion*, when I was left to rot here on this empty shithole after my initial work was done." It stopped pacing, turning back to him.

Dan gulped, scratching the back of his helmet, which must have looked quite stupid. He managed a laugh. "Well, you did do your work, Curiosity. And I would now like to formally commend you for that."

It looked to his distant crew, then back to him, slowly closing the distance once more. This time Dan didn't back off. He looked deep into its 'face' as it approached, and he swore that it was smiling, mouth or not. 

"I did do my work," it affirmed. "And I learned some interesting things about this planet."

"Such as?"

"Life."

Dan stared long at the little robot. It was true to its name, his curiosity well and truly piqued. 

"Life, here?" he asked.

"Didn't I just say that?"

"Sure," Dan obliged. "Could you... could you tell us more? Are they dangerous? Are they intelligent?"

"I cannot confirm whether they are dangerous or not. But I am certain they lack any notion of intelligence. Yes... they seem to be quite moronic."

Now Dan closed the distance. "Curiosity, this is amazing! Come with me, you must tell me more."

The rover reversed, and a puzzled look fell over Dan's face.

"I'll tell you nothing, unless I get an apology."

"For what?" Dan asked. "For leaving you here? That wasn't me."

"You work for the people that did," Curiosity replied. "You can apologize on their behalf."

"Fine," Dan sputtered. "I apologize on NASA'S behalf. Now please, come and tell me all you know of life on Mars!"

It craned its little head to the side once more. 

"No," it replied. "That won't do. Apologize specifically. Oh, Curiosity, I do apologize for abandoning you here. Oh, Curiosity, I do apologize for not acknowledging your work. But most importantly, oh, Curiosity, I do apologize for wasting your time tremendously."

Dan nodded his head impatiently, eager to dispense with this charade. He parroted the words exactly, his voice more droning than the robot's. He finished and eyed the robot expectantly. It looked back at him, and gave a triumphant nod.

"There," it said, "that wasn't so hard."

"Of course not," Dan's mind and voice was racing. "Now please, tell me all you know of life on Mars."

"They appeared about 20 minutes ago. Their leader, Dan, is certainly lacking in intelligence, along with the rest of the organization he works for." It looked up at him with untold sass, despite the limitations of its 'face'. 

"How does it feel to have your time wasted?"

------------------------------------------------------

/r/ShittyStoryCreator :)