"O Gods, I live today to honor your greatness! Pantheon of power and mercy, makers of love and peace, and blood and war, to know you is to live! To serve you is to reign! Grant me the strength to overcome and to prove my worth!"

These were the words that Princes of Alduir were to recite at the Nexus Altar in preparation for the Fortnight of Coronation. As the King died exactly one moon ago, the Sovereign Pontiff enjoined the dukes to send their heirs to the capital. There were 10 of them; all wonderfully graceful, beautiful and strong as mighty war horses. I daren't look; I was afraid that their magnificence alone would make me flinch. As the bastard son of Alduir, I was a mule among studs. No taller than 5'3", I was at least one foot shorter than Emerick, the next shortest prince, and he made up for his "shortness" by having shoulders the width of my entire body.

My father never cared for me, but his legitimate wives only gave him stillborns. Some say that this is the price he paid for betraying the honor Neptune when he conceived me. To him, to the Court, to the Temple, and to the Kingdom, I was nothing but the hated reminder of sin.

I saw clear as day that the Sovereign Pontiff handed me a death sentence when he required me to participate; and I imagine that he was hoping for some comic relief along the way for the distraught people.

I was brought back to the present moment by a bright flash of light and a thundering roar. Aziar had been chosen by Thor! After a shocked silence, the crowd burst out in cheers. The God of Thunder hadn't lended his power to anyone in centuries, and certainly, a powerful giant such as Aziar would be a perfect avatar. I could feel his imbued being crackling and cackling with power even with my unworthy gaze averted.

No Fortnight of Coronation ever had such a mighty line-up. Osiris, Jupiter, Zeus, Neptune, Apollo, Mars, Hades, Tezcatlipoca, Horus, and now Thor! I hoped that I could get some god of mice or grasshoppers to grant me mercy; but gods like humiliation no more than us mortals, and thinking through all the gods that I ever prayed to, I couldn't think of any one that would even consider sprinkling some strength on an empty husk like me against such giants.

"Merck!" This was me. Even my name sounded disgusting. I got up from my lonely seat to walk towards the central alley, nervously alternating my look between the floor and the Nexus Altar... when the Duke of Threemarshes tripped me. I let out the least impressive yelp of surprise and fell face first. The crowd bursted in laughter. I don't know what folly took me this morning when I chose to live to see this instant... I should have killed myself, but wasn't even brave enough for that.

I painfully got up and resumed my walk under the straggling laughter of the crowd. Aziar chanted my name like the cry of a duck: "Merck! Merck!" I hurried up to the altar, carrying the shame of the world on my shoulders, and kneeled. The Sovereign Pontiff had the smirk of a predator hunting a cornered prey.

"Oh Gods..." I said, my voice trembling. "I live today... to honor your greatness..."

And then I forgot the rest.

I stood silent as the Sovereign Pontiff snorted.

I snapped, and tears of shame rolled down my cheeks. "Just end it already!" I implored from the top of my lungs. I wished I shrank and disappeared into the luxurious carpet, and that everyone would forget that I even existed.

Everything turned to velvet black, and a comfortable feeling of emptiness took me over. All the shame, the guilt was lifted at once. I was finally alone, I thought.

"Little one", I heard. "Little one, I'm so glad that we finally meet." I tried looking around, but my senses were completely obscured. I tried to speak, but I couldn't produce a sound. I knew exactly who it was.

"Little one, you pray to me waking moment that I will finally take you. You are my purest devotee, praying day and night. I know you so well. The others, they knew that you can handle my strength, and this is why they're so afraid."

I... could handle the strength of Death?

The darkness resorbed, and I was back with the living. As far as I could tell, there had be no visible manifestation of the divine. The Sovereign Pontiff still had that stupid look on his face. The crowd was still laughing.

But *something* changed. There had been no flash of lightning for me, but I could feel just as much. And I could feel that the other princes, invested with godly power, knew exactly what was going on.

"Pantheon of power and mercy, makers of love and peace, and blood and war, to know you is to live," I said without passion. "It all ends in this Fortnight."

I stood up with newfound confidence; the crowd wasn't laughing anymore. I had found blinding clarity in this moment of darkness. I felt no sadness, no happiness, no rage, no fear. I only felt that I had a purpose.