“Dude, you’re insane,” Chris said, his face pale.  “You’re not really going to drink that, are you?”

I wasn’t sure, to be honest.  I held the beaker in my hand and felt the unsettling warmth of the liquid inside.  It bubbled slightly and a thin layer of what looked like fog clung to the top of thick greenish-black concoction.  It smelled of an odd mixture of lilies and rotted fish.

“I’ve spent five years researching this,” I told him.  “I have crawled through dusty libraries, vaults, and catacombs from Sicily all the way to Oslo.  I’m telling you, I’ve got it right.”

“You don’t even know of this story is true or not,” Chris shot back.  “You’re basing this on research about a guy that was supposed to have died in 463 B.C. that you claim you found evidence of as recently as 1102 AD.  All of this based on a few scraps of journals and one random painting by a guy in the middle of the dark ages that admitted to using mushrooms and bread mold to get stoned.  You’re fucking nuts.”

“Maybe,” I admitted.  “But I’m broke.  I’m worse than broke, I’m a hundred and sixty nine thousand dollars in debt and I’m three weeks away from finishing my last panel for my doctorate in dark ages and renaissance literature.  And I have no idea how the hell I’m gonna pay any of it back.  So either this will work, and I’ll be rich and famous…or it won’t, and I won’t have to worry about any of it anyway cause I’ll probably be dead.  Only one way to find out.”

Before Chris could say anything else, or I could talk myself out of it, I turned the beaker up and drained the contents.  At first, nothing happened, and I started to wonder if maybe Chris was right.  Maybe I really was nuts.  Then I suddenly got a wrenching, tearing pain deep in my stomach.  It felt like I had been hit in the gut with a sledgehammer made of ice, and the feeling slowly spread out from there.  I could sense every single blood vessel, artery, and capillary as the tincture infused itself into my blood.  I opened my mouth to scream, but no sound would come.  I tried to gulp air, but my throat slowly closed shut.  

Chris, his face as white as a ghost, stood and stared in horror.  “Shit, man,” he said as he tried to hold me up.  “Shit, you’re fucking blue, man.  Can you breathe?  Can you talk?”

I managed to shake my head, but that simple act sent shards of razor-sharp pain lancing through my brain.  I felt my body spasm and Chris lost his grip.  I hit the cold tile floor and shook uncontrollably.  The pain was so bad I couldn’t think straight. 

The last thing I heard was Chris whispering, “Shit…shit…shit…”  And then there were footsteps.  

And then there was nothing.

**

I blinked a few times against the sudden bright light and realized slowly that I was awake.  Shortly after that, and with much more amazement, I realized that I was alive.  The tile floor of the basement lab I had set up was cold and uncomfortably damp, and I felt like I had been hit by a bus, run over by a garbage truck, and dragged behind a horse with bowel problems.  

But I was alive.

I sat up and winced at the thumping pain in my head.  This was worse than any hangover I’d ever had, and I’d had plenty in my eleven years in college.  I blinked again and realized I was looking at a pair of very expensive black wingtips.  I followed the shoes up to see a man standing over me in a tailored Italian suit in dark blue with pencil-thin gray pinstripes.  The material shimmered like fine silk as the man knelt before me.  His hair was black and long, pulled back in a pony-tail, and he wore a trimmed mustache and a small beard cut down to a point on his chin.  

He smiled, and it sent shivers up my spine.

“I see you’ve found it,” he said in a voice like gravel spilling over sheet metal.  “I can’t say I’m pleased, but there it is.  You’re only the second, you know.”

“Chris,” I managed to croak, my throat so dry it felt like sand paper.  “Where’s Chris?”

“Your partner?”  The man asked.  “I’m afraid he lacks the constitution for such things.  I’ll have my time with him soon enough, don’t worry.  But I’m not here for him, not today.  Today I’m here for you.”

“Who are you?”  I asked.

The man smiled again, a terrifying sight, but he didn’t answer.  Instead, he reached into the inside pocket on his jacket and pulled out a small business card.  “When you realize living forever sucks, call the number on this card.  I’ve got a job for you.”

He handed me the card and I glanced down at it.  The card was white and of very good paper stock.  It had a raised border around the edge, but no writing on the face.  When I turned it over, the back mirrored the front with one exception. In the center of the card was the number zero hand-written in what looked like rust-colored ink.  

It smelled like dried blood.

I looked up, but the man was gone.  There had been no sound at all; no footsteps clicking on tile, no rustle of fabric as he stood, no click of a closing door.  He was just gone.

After a moment, I shrugged and stuck the card in my pocket.  With great effort I managed to stand and steady myself using the table next to me.  The beaker I’d used was in shards on the floor that crunched under my feet as I took a few shaky steps.  

How did that stranger manage to come in and leave without so much as a sound?

I shook my head again, but my brain protested with more pain.  The aches and stiffness in my body were slowly dissolving, but I still felt rather…odd.  There was a slight and quite unpleasant aftertaste in my mouth, and I couldn’t shake the smell of stale urine that I’m pretty sure was coming from my pants.  I looked around the makeshift laboratory and came to an unsettling conclusion—Chris was right, I really was fucking nuts.

EDIT:  Spacing