On that rainy September day, the 16th, 2023, I thought I was dead.

Cheyenne Ranie had lived normally up until then. A normal 26 year old with an affinity for drumming, gaming, writing, and all sorts of stuff. She had started going to a therapist for anxiety and developing depression.

"From what the doctors found," Mrs. Reitz began, "you've picked up some sort of parasite."

And I could feel it. There was my shock...and Cheyenne's shock.

"Apparently, it's been there for years. I'd personally expect a split personality disorder, but your medical history shows nothing of the sort."

And there I sat.
Suddenly in complete darkness.
I was no longer attached.
Self-awareness ruined me.

I barely heard Mrs. Reitz say that I may be the cause of Cheyenne's anxiety and depression, and would have to be removed.

"You're making hasty decisions! How do you know the poor guy is harmful?" 

That was Cheyenne. I couldn't see the therapist or anything else, but I could clearly hear her jump to my defense.

As if I were a person.

"But Cheyenne-" Mrs. Reitz went to stop her from walking out.

"There HAS to be another way! I would never kill something intelligent enough to function as a part of me!" Cheyenne was getting emotional, I could tell, especially considering I was just a part of her a few minutes ago. 

"Cheyenne, we cannot let it stay inside of you-"

"Then make a body for it or something! He can obviously function as a human being!" Cheyenne exclaimed. Wait, 'he?'

Mrs. Reitz was taken aback by the suggestion that probably wasn't even intentionally made. "I do believe they could do that..."

Suddenly, I could hear it in her voice- Cheyenne's eyes were shining. "You can really do it?"

"It'll be a bit of a process, but yes, they can." Mrs. Reitz seemed uncertain, but happy that Cheyenne was happy. "It'll have to be removed for the time being. Its life can be preserved in a simple fish tank until the body is ready."

Cheyenne agreed. Thankfully, it wasn't long until I was removed- after being detached, I could hardly stand the smell or blindness of being actually inside a body. The fish tank was surprisingly comfortable. 

We bonded in the time they made my body. Cheyenne would drum for me, draw me pictures, let me watch her play games...it was truly wonderful. She'd become incredibly more emotional since I was detached, though I don't think she noticed since she channeled these emotions positively towards me.

And the day came. Cheyenne waited outside of my room, not allowed to come in because such experiments had never been done before. In time, I could move. The movements...they felt real. I realized that I had never had the full experience of a human body. Being part of Cheyenne was more of, say, moving your arms in a video game to make your character do something. 

And I walked out- a little wobbly, considering I hadn't in a while. Cheyenne embraced me, crying happily. "I'm so glad we could save you."

Today? Here we are, arguing playfully over who was going to be the drummer if we ever started a band. Our wedding picture hangs in a frame near the door.


On that sunny September day, the 16th, 2032, I was happy as could be.