I spent my life avoiding death. Not only my own; I  stove off death in the far corners of the universe. 

I lived a life of adventure. They recorded my journey in every tongue. In my story, I have been everything: a lion-hearted hero; a plucky underdog; a wicked villain. It all depends on who you ask.

More often than not, I have been God. 

I’d give anything to have lived a different life. 

“Please,” someone said to me, “our children starve as our crops wither.”

“Help,” said another, “the plague razes our cities.”

“Stop the war,” one pleaded, “our sons die and our daughters weep.”

“Is there not anything you can do?”

“You have abandoned us. Are we not your children?”

I had a child of my own once. Her name was Emily. The last time I saw her, she was nine years old and every bit as brilliant as her mother, Rachel. None of those wits came from me, I can tell you that. 

When she asked me to stay, I don’t think she was really asking. She knew once I had made up my mind I wouldn’t be swayed. I was stubborn like that. She was too. But she needed me to know that she needed me here. I didn’t listen. 

I left the house on Logan Street with her on the front porch. She stood against the whitewashed railing - the color peeled from the old wood. I had meant to repaint before I left. But the darkness was coming fast, and someone needed to hold it off.

“Why do let us suffer?”

 “It’s not my choice.”

“You saved us once, can you not save us again?” 

“I can’t.” There were too many gathered to watch me die. They gawked at the creased lines that folded my face; I was not the young man they remembered. 

In life, you don’t get do-overs. I spent my life ensuring all these races did not need a second chance. 

I needed one. 

I needed my bed and my room and my home on Logan Street. I needed the blossomed-top of the apple tree that I could see out my window. I needed the blue sky and golden fields of wheat which rolled like waves when the wind breezed over. I needed white pillow clouds and summer-sweet air. 

I needed Rachel to wrap her tanned arms around me and whisper in my ear that everything was going to be alright. 

I needed Emily by my side. 

“Why are you abandoning us?” 

“I can’t fix everything. You must learn to survive on your own.”

“But what if we can’t? You can’t leave.”

“You will.” I closed my eyes. “I should have left long ago.” 

I did not fear the darkness that welcomed me home. 

---

/r/liswrites