An annoying nudge, as if lone raindrops were rapping at my cheekbone roused me from my sleep. Confused, I opened my eyes, gasped and slapped the two bugs walking on my face. However, I missed them, for they jumped toward the blankets.

"Oi! Oi! Do not harm us, Big One!" a voice with a strange accent said. "We have a problem, and we need your strength!"

I gulped. My heart thumped wildly. What was happening? Was I going mad?

I scanned the blankets, and almost sprung out of my skin when I saw two toy-sized humans quivering and with raised hands. "Who... who are you?"

"Please don't harm us," the lady said with a clear edge of worry in her brittle voice. She was clad in an countryside-like white gown. "Our sun has been dark for a week, a rat is terrorizing our town. It tumbled our train!"

"And the worst of all things," the farmer said while shaking his head, "is that Big Wrinkled One has abandoned us. That's why we came to you, Big One."

"Are you… no this doesn't make sense. I must be dreaming," I said and slapped my face. Nothing happened. I pinched my hands. The tiny humans remained. "Do you live in the basement?"

"Basement?" the lady said and scratched her blonde hair. "We live in Trainville, beneath Stairs and over Table."

For a moment, I was left speechless. Why had my father hidden this from me? We had an entire toy-town living in the basement and I wasn't aware of it? I could've helped.

"I'm afraid Big Wrinkled Gone is gone guys," I said and my heart wrenched, drawing a grimace on my face.

The farmer cocked his head. "Is he Above?" He pointed skyward. "Past Clouds?"

I nodded and bit my lips, battling rebellious tears.

"As long as Trainville stands, he will be remembered by all of us," the lady said. "He was kind and tender, a great doctor too, but a better engineer. No one could fix tumbled trains like him."

"He was," I said and shed a tear. I looked out my window. The night creeped and the winds whispered, and I wondered if he was watching me, smiling as his deepest secret presented before me. 

I breathed the thought away, trying to compose myself, and held out my palms. "Jump in now, let's take care of that rat."


 