"Wait, lemme fink' this one fru' ay," The words dribble out of Nockknar, the Goblin Treasureking, like saliva from the maw of a dying mongrel. "Aktually, bloody hell, I don't fink I wanna. Can't do magic?" Nockknar points towards the hooded human in front of him, a wicked smirk (covered with solidified drool) emerging on his face. 

"That's right shite ain't it?" 

A delicate laugh blossoms next to him. Folen, an Elvish Ranger-General, adorned with medals made of flowers sits next to Nockknar, (a rare sight on its own - An Elf with a Goblin) crosses his legs and leans forward. The spider-silk shaded hair on his shoulders effortlessly glides down his back, like velvet, as he makes himself comfortable. 

"I mean, what should we expect friends? From lesser folk. Lesser..." Folen pretends to stumble on his words, even going far enough to make an obnoxiously aggravating face - as if he were concentrating. "Creatures." 

The hooded human, who is standing, leaning on a wall, patiently waits. He lowers his hood and shows his face. Plain, normal; every other word you could use to describe bland normality. 

"Bastard ain't even got the luck to look any good ay,'" Nockknar remarks, "Imagine ya life bein' like, just shit hey. Ya look like a dogs dick, ya can't do magic; I wouldn't be surprised if this lil' codfish ain't even been halfway round the bend with a woman... we should kill him," 

A laugh; a choke; a Dwarf half-way through his meed. "Lad," Rumblebrew says, bubbles in his beard and rosy cheeks destroying any stealth to his joy, "Ye khant just say that to him. Ye just khant." 

"Shite, the dwarf is drunk as hell, he can't even understand me no more," Nockknar says, before chugging his way through his own glass. "What so hard bout the way I speak? You got cheese up in ya head?" A trickle of giggles gurgles from his belly. 

"Ay, maybe cheese, maybe crackers, definitely booze though I'd say," Rumblebrew joins in with Nockknars laughter, before turning to face the human. The unnamed man is staring at them, a strange device in his hand.

It's a solid square. No writing, no markings, no nothing. In the centre is a huge red button. Slowly, the human raises one finger, opens his mouth, raises his eyes brows, and...

Presses the button.

Silence.

Followed by more silence. 

Then a lot of laughing. 

"Ya got me!" Nockknar manages to wheeze out between gut-wrenching laughter, his arms flailing, knocking his drink over in the process. 

"What even was that?" Folens face screws into an amalgamation of superiority and smugness. 

"Wasn't magic," Rumblebrew says, exploding into his devilish laughter.

Suddenly, behind each of them, a portal opens. One green,  for Folen, an elvish gateway. One red, for Rumblebrew, a dwarvish transporter. And lastly, yellow, Nockknars, a Goblin theif's treasure portal. 

"Sire, we need your assistance at once," Speaks an Elf from the portal. "Our homes burn. Beasts with no blood are destroying our loved ones, ravaging our lands," 

"Hahaha," Slips from the humans lips. 

"Rumblebrew, get your arse into gear, we got machinations goin' rogue in here - We're losin everything," 

"Hahahahahahaha," grows the ever looming laughter.

"IT'S AWL FUCKED NOCKKNAR, EVERYONE IS EITHA DEAD - OR BOUT TO BE. IT DESTROYED OUR GOLD!"

"Ahhh-ha-hahahaha!" 

The three scurry to their feet and turn, the laughter of this human, this 'lesser creature', burning a hole into their souls.

"Hey," the human yells as each walks through their gateway. "Don't worry Rumblebrew, my machines," Rumblebrew turns, his face pale white, watching this strangers face grow happier with every passing second. 

"They'll find out what's in your head soon enough."


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff. 