This is not my work, but the original posted by /r/nickofnight got deleted, so here it is again. 


"Where are you taking me?" I asked him, panting hard as I tried to match his great strides. His dark cloak billowed behind him as he strode, blown by a fierce cosmic wind. His scythe swung and shimmered in his arm.
"To the others," he said, "but we must hurry."
"No," I said, stopping dead in the black tunnel, trying to catch my breath. "I have to know - are you taking me to heaven, or to hell?"
He turned to me and his eye sockets blazed. "Do not worry about where I am taking you, worry about where you'll go if I am not successful in getting you there."
I swallowed hard, and nodded. We began again, Death walking, me almost sprinting as I attempted to keep up. The sides of the tunnel danced with irridecent starlight, and I knew beyond doubt that we were leaving my universe.
Eventually, we came to a door of bone. Death muttered an incomprehensible sound and it slowly creeped open. He grabbed my hand and pulled me through.
The door slammed shut behind us; Death's shoulders slumped slightly, as he finally relaxed.
"What is this place..." I whispered. High above us were three huge cherry-red moons, bathing the field of white grass below, in a pale, blood-like light. On the field itself were dozens of shacks and tents. It was a great camp and it was brimming with bustling life. To the side of the largest tent, I saw two armoured figures dueling with swords. I could hear the metallic ringing of the steel blades as they collided. "There's a battle!" I said, pointing to the scene.
"There is not battle here. Not yet," Death replied. "They are preparing for the inevitable, however. That," he said, pointing to the smaller of the two figures, "is Joan of Arc. She is training our army for the battle."
"The Joan of Arc?" I asked incredulously. At that moment the larger figure fell to the ground, and the smaller pointed a sword at his chest.
"Yes. I have almost a thousand souls now. It is all I've been able to smuggle here. They are all very valuable to me - yourself included."
"Smuggle? But... you're Death. Don't you deliver all souls?"
"Once, I did so. Now, I take when I can - when she is not looking - and I ready them for our battle."
"Our battle? Against the Devil, you mean?"
"The Devil is long since dead."
"Dead? Then... then you mean to make war with God!"
"God is imprisoned."
"...imprisoned? That can't be. God is, well, God."
Death sighed. "Yet, it is so. There are greater evils than the Devil. An evil that tortures the souls of the dead, in a way the Devil could only dream of. And there are greater powers than God."
Death struck his scythe on the ground, and turned to me as the world beneath began to tremble.
"Look around you. We are the unholy resistance. Soon the war of the souls begins."
Edit: I didnt expect all the positive comments! Thanks - I'll continue it on /r/nickofnight as soon as I get the chance. 