Jessica's phone wouldn't stop ringing. 

"Dexter", it read. One of only thirty-three names she would ever need to know, and all thirty-three were in her contact list. 

She let it ring out. She knew she was late for work, she didn't need to be reminded. 

"Excuse me, miss. Spare a dime?" a haggard looking man asked her. She ignored him. Must be a Keith. 

The bus she normally rode was driven by a Lester, a terrible name if ever their was one. Lesters were just *so* dull. There was very little Furthering for the Lesters of the world. This particular Lester must have hit his head because he was the worst bus-driver she had ever known, and she knew plenty of Lesters. She didn't know what happened but the bus didn't show today. It was probably his fault. 

The city teemed around her with other hustling and bustling and jostling Jocelyn's, John's, and Michaels.  HA! Who was she kidding, a Michael walking the street? Maybe as a joke. They were far too important to risk to the criminal Keiths. Yes, there were still criminals. The collective good of humanity, Furthered by mnemology was coalesced into the 29 superior "Pleasant" names. The collective criminal disposition was reserved for Keiths, menial labor for Lesters, and adult entertainment was limited to just Lexxis and Tommys. 

Jessica stepped around a kiosk run by a jovial looking man, probably a Mackenzie. That name was one of only three bi-gender names including Michael and Chris. 

Her phone rang again, this time it was a Chris, her supervisor. She answered it. 

"Look, I know I'm late, my bus didn't show," she said hasitly.

"Dammit Jessica, we need to finish that merger *now*. We don't have time for this," Chris's high, feminine voice chirped. She was clearly pissed. 

"I'm so sorry, I'll be there in time, I promise."

She turned the corner only to see another Keith standing in her way. Hanging up the phone, Jessica tried to get around him, but he wasn't a different Keith... no, he was the same one from a block earlier. 

"How did you..." she started, but he held his finger up to his lips while winking. His hair was long and speckled with grey throughout a healthy black mane. This wasn't a Keith... he would have been far less charismatic. She was intrigued, but didn't have time. 

"Look I'm sorry... Kevin?" She guessed by his wild appearance that he must be one of the two performance names. 

He laughed and said, "I know, you're late for work!"

"Yeah, actually how did you..."

"Oh everybody's always late for work these days. It's all anyone ever does."

"Yes, you're right," she admitted, "but I'm one of them, so I really don't have time for a performance."

"Oh it's not a performance!" he said, unmoving. Despite her need to get to work, Jessica couldn't help but stop and listen. 

"Okay, fine, it's a trick or whatever, right? Fine, what is it?"

"Ah, a good sport!" he cackled quietly while producing a small box from his sleeve. "It's a gift!"

The man opened it and she saw a small model of the building she worked in, Hemway Plaza Center. 

"Oh... wow that's... uncanny actually! Nice job Kevin! You pulled a good one over on me."

"shhhhhhh," the man whispered. "For you." 

She took the trinket from him and gave him a dollar but he didn't take it. 

"Come on, the whole point is for handouts, right Kevin? Come on, take it."

The man didn't move, he simply lifted a finger and let a pidgeon land on it. 

"I have all I need, Jessica, but have you considered what you need?"

"UGH!" she moaned, "What I *need* is to get to work!" She pushed past him and rejoined the crowd, soon losing sight of the man behind her. 

Every ounce of her Jessicaness was telling her to keep walking, but something in the man's behavior struck her as odd, she couldn't *place* him. He wasn't like anyone she had ever met. He was calm, had a genuine, one of a kind laugh, and seemed so... so... original. 

She stopped and turned around. The man was no longer standing on the street corner but she returned to it anyway. She took out her lunch and placed a crust of bread near the pigeons and crows to nibble on. They leapt on it and munched heartily. Around her, people watched with passing curiosity. She covered her face in embarrassment and walked away. 

"Stupid, that was stupid stupid stupid, what a Lester move!" she thought.

Jessica wasn't watching where she was going and stepped out into the road. As she did, a car horn blared and she froze in terror. The tires squeeled as she shrieked, falling to the ground, expecting to be dead in a flash. 


The impact never came. Jessica opened her eyes and saw no car, until she looked up. 

Above her, about eight feet in the air, was a car suspended like a kite. 

She heard a quiet, "Heh heh!" from behind her.

Turning around, she saw the man, black feathers at his feet and crust of bread in his mouth, standing with an arm outstretched. Green and blue sparks of light danced around his hand as he daintily turned and put the car on the ground with careful motions of his hands.

"Who... who are you?" Jessica said breathlessly. 

The man turned and smiled devilishly, "Oh me?"

He swallowed the chunk of crust. 

"You can call me Merlin."
