(Changed the knee cut to a forehead cut)
***

I cut my forehead as a child. A deep gash that bled into my eyes. I must’ve been very small, but I still remember the sticky warmth between my eyelids. My grandmother was old even then, but this was before she started having those episodes of mania. Her wrinkly hands held me still – she was stronger than her frail frame suggested. She spoke words I didn’t understand – I always assumed it was Finnish or some dialect of Sami because she’d lived all her life up there in the north of Sweden, in the untamed wilderness near the border.

It started small. A kitchen knife cut that closed up when I put my hand on it. I did find it weird but didn’t make a fuss about it. I was a child and didn’t know better. 

I guess it was only natural that I got a summer job as an assistant nurse in my early teens. I was good, suspiciously so, and I quickly learned to only heal when people weren’t paying attention and before a doctor wrote up the injuries of a patient. Naturally, my choice of career was easy. I worked as an EMT right out of college. My volunteering and good reputation gave me an in even though my grades at med-school weren't amazing. 

As an EMT you see a lot of gruesome things, and even though I loved to help people, I couldn’t take it. And at the age of twenty-three, I had a massive breakdown and quit my job. It was the same summer my grandmother died in the hospital and the gash in my forehead returned. At first, it was just the scar getting red and irritated, but then it started bleeding pus.

I kept drying it and cleaning it. I even tried to heal it without any effect. That was one year ago.

***

It blinked. Once. Twice. The sore skin on my forehead stretched, accommodating the strange sensation of contracting muscles. 


A shudder rolled through me. My hand reflexively shot up, touching the new eyelid. It stuck to my fingertips, viscous goo seeping out. 

It was much larger than my other eyes too. A sickly yellow eyeball twitching this way and that, seemingly with a mind of its own. That’s when the realization finally hit me, and I toppled to the bathroom floor hurling into the toilet. 

Tears blurred my eyes. It had to be the poor lighting of the bathroom. 

Crawling across the hard tiles, I made it out into the hallway. It moved in my forehead again. This couldn’t be happening to me.

Plagued by delusions and nightmares, my grandmother had spent the last days of her life in a mental hospital. I had always pitied her. She’d been a kind woman, but she’d been a danger to herself and everyone else. At least, that’s what the doctors had said.

Anything but her fate. 

I took a deep breath and ran toward the window. The streetlights twelve floors below glittered like a pearly necklace studded with rubies and emeralds.  The strange eye in my forehead strained.

I saw myself crashing through the window, glass splinters filling the air. My nightgown fluttered around my bare legs, and my platinum blonde locks flapped around my head. The nauseating crunch of bones snapping against the concrete ripped into my eardrums. A man in a white rubber suit bent over my lifeless face, slowly carving the third eye out of my forehead with a scalpel. One by one, I saw the doors of my friends and family smash to splinters, and men in rubber masks gunning them down.

I took a deep breath and stopped myself mid-step. The window of my apartment reflected the streets below, unbroken. I felt the eye in my forehead close as I dragged myself over to the window, just to make sure that I’d just imagined it – to confirm that my body wasn’t mangled down on the street.

For the longest while I just sat there, slumped against the windowsill, trying to make sense of everything. Idly, my fingertips circled the contours of my new eye, feeling the strange folds moist of skin and the tiny new muscles. 

“You’re going to be fine,” a soft voice said from the kitchen.

My heart, which had slowed down the recent drumroll to a steady 4/4 beat, suddenly went into a full-blown heavy metal drum solo. I swallowed hard and inched toward the phone on the counter. Not only did I have a freaking third eye, someone had broken into my apartment.

“Listen to me, closely,” the voice continued as I feverishly mistyped 112 over and over. “If you don’t want to end up like your grandmother, put that phone down.”

A silky visage drifted out of the kitchen. It was a boy in his late teens, entirely see-through like a jellyfish. 

“What the hell…” I breathed as the phone slid out of my hand.

“Not quite,” the boy said and leaned against the wall. “I’m Jonas.”

“What the hell…”

“You already said that. Don’t tell me you’ve already lost your wits.”

I shook my head hard. “This can’t be real.”

“Real?” The boy pulled out a translucent box of cigarettes and fished one out with his lips. “Reality is a matter of perspective. Now, are you going to hang that up before you get in trouble?”

I quickly reached for the phone and turned it off. “Who are you?”

“I already told you,” he said and rolled his eyes. “I’m Jonas. And you’re Katarina, by the way, if you’re wondering.”

“I… I’m aware.”  I stumbled over to the sink and washed the sick out of my mouth and then gulped down a full glass of water. “Am I going crazy?”

The boy blew a puff of barely visible smoke in my direction. “Everyone’s a little bit crazy, but you’re mostly fine.”


“What… what do you want?” I mumbled.

“You seriously don't remember me? I'm offended.”

“Should I?”

“Well, this is awkward...” he said and exhaled another puff of smoke. “I was your first.”

My normal eyes narrowed at that statement. 

“Oh, get your mind out of the gutter, Kat!” A cheeky smile parted his lips. “The first one you saved.”

I crossed my arms. “You're dead?”

“Wouldn't be smoking these if I weren't. Anyway, are you ready to go?”

“Go?”

“To see the Shaman,” he said and shrugged.



***
More at r/Lilwa_Dexel


