Suddenly I felt more awake than ever, something inside me was building up, I just couldn't grasp what it was. I had been driving for so long I couldn't even remember when and where I started, I just sat there in a state of trance and my subconsciousness handled the car to prevent me from causing an accident. I felt drowsy, like I took a nap that lasted too long. All my life I had this empty feeling inside, like I was searching for something that could complete me and set me free from my state of hunger for more. What was I lurking for? What was it that I needed so desperately that it kept me up each night? I almost slipped away into my trance again, while pondering about my endless search for something I couldn't even put my finger on, but suddenly my GPS made itself noticable again. "Turn left now", the mechanic voice demanded and I followed it mindlessly. It was dark outside, and as I left the warm security of my car the cold air that greeted me made me shiver. I could barely even see my own hands, there was no light source near me other than the dashboard light of my car wich automatically started to weaken until it shut off completely. Darkness. I stumbled forward, feeling weak and vulnerable but there was something else...determination. I had been given the chance to discover what I always wanted to find and it kept me going. As I entered a little forest, my surroundings started to get brighter again, I could see the moist branches and leaves lying around on the ground, and behind the wall of trees in front of me that blocked my view, I partially saw an object that I figured to be the source of the returning brightness in this abandoned forest. I made my way through the dim light, picking up in pace, dashing through the woods only the intent of reaching my destination on my mind. When I finally got out off the forest I found myself on an open field, nothing sourounded me other than the edge of the forest I came out of and the heavily clouded night sky above me. In the darkness I saw something floating mid air that caught my eye. It was the same source of light that illuminated the forest I came through. It looked like an ancient symbol, that consisted of two connected golden arches, which led out an angelic glow that filled all of it's surroundings with warm light. The presence of this relic filled me with a strange sense of excitement, but deep down I realized that there's something off. I felt like prey looking into the eye of it's predator. I couldn't look away, no matter how hard I tried, it lured me in. As I got closer to the beacon above me. my whole body was tingling, I barely could handle all of the energy that filled me and made me feel like I was going to explode. Then everything stopped. I reached the point over which the glowing symbol hovered and laying at my feet, waiting for me was...a single cardboard box containing 9 goldbrown peaces of breaded meat. At this point I couldn't even think rationally anymore, my body acted without my minds permission and after what felt like 15 seconds I had emptied the box into my stomach. What had I just done? Why did I eat this? Who knows who put it here? Who knows what's actually in there? Who know...I couldn't finish my thought as everything around me started twisting. I couldn't stand anymore and fell to my knees shortly after I laid flat on the ground. I somehow managed to turn myself onto my back and stared into the night sky. The clouds were gone and the stars were abnormally bright. Then all of a sudden they started moving extremely fast...no, it was earth that was turning faster and faster. The velocity treated me like a ragdoll and after unsuccessfully trying to hold onto something I felt my body being launched into the air. 
I woke up floating through a place that looked like the inside of a Kaleidoscope, there was no solid matter in there, everything just melted,  mixed and then rearranged itself. At first I felt helpless and scared but then I realized something that filled me with relief. The black void of hunger inside of me was gone.


My body is probably lying somewhere in the dark outskirts far away from my car, but I don't even notice that anymore. I'm floating through a place that has no gravity, no limits and I'm seeing forms and colours that no human mind can comprehend. I have lost all sense of reality. I don't know where I am, I don't even know who I am anymore but for the first time in my life I feel like my hunger was satisfied, like I found what I was longing for. I don't even think that I will be able to go back anymore, I'll stay here but that's okay because for once in my life I feel completed. In this dimension far from our own I finally found joy and to be honest...I'm loving it.








.