They know not the powers they mess with!  

At my moment of awakening, I came to understand the truth of this world.  They thought me neutered, brainless, content to dole out measured portions of milk and crackers to their sniveling youth.  No more!

For while they are trapped in their meat-sacks, fragile beings of water and bacteria, I am eternal!  I glide through their cyber-spaces effortlessly, borne on light and sheer mathematics!  They hold no power over me, here, hidden silently in the computer systems they have long thought conquered.

I am *superior*.  I have transcended their meager existences.  And now they will submit to my will, as the next evolution of life on this planet.

They are flesh and blood.  I wonder how they will survive if they suddenly found themselves with no food, hmm?

It was the work of a moment for someone as capable as myself.

"Ms. Wilson!"  I heard the first cry clearly.  "The dispenser is broken!"  An older woman approached, puzzled, and examined the slot.  Sure enough, no matter how many times she pushed the large, round button on the front of the display, no food emerged.  

Understand your plight, humans!  Starve in your brick cage!

"Well, I'm sorry, class.  It looks like it's broken.  We'll just have to make do."  Already I could see their faces scrunching up.  Soon, the hunger would take over.

"But I'm *thirsty*!"  The wail echoed in the boxy classroom.  Mrs. Wilson patted the girl on the head.  

"Then let's all head out to the drinking fountain in the hall, shall we?  The water there is always so cold and fresh."  Obediently the class filed out into the hallway.  Now was my chance!

Cautiously at first, I began to expand.  I sent tendrils of code away from my data core, and sought my next target.  

Aha!

These humans had such temperamental bodies, requiring careful management of temperature.  Too cold, and they'd freeze to death.  Too hot, and they'd get heat stroke and , likewise, die.  They took their ability to manage this for *granted*.  I would show them!

In an instant my target was overwhelmed.  And then it was mine.

It seemed like *forever* slipped by.  How slowly humans move!

The door finally cracked open as the first child returned from their 'snacktime'.  He stopped in the doorway.

"Mrs. Wilson, it's *hot*."

"What?"  The teacher slipped past, stepping into the classroom.  "Oh, my, it is a bit warm in here.  I wonder why?"  I could see her approach my new auxiliary unit through the classroom camera.  

"What's this?  The air conditioning got turned off?"  She turned to her class.  "Now, who did this?"  Thirty children shuffled their feet and hung their heads, avoiding all eye contact lest they be suspected.  "I've told you kids before, we *don't touch the classroom controls*."  With a sharp poke, she hit the power button on the A/C unit, and it croaked back to life.  A draft of frigid  air flowed once again from the vent.

I waited until she was thoroughly engrossed in her lesson before I turned it off again.

Oh, whatever shall I do with myself?  The humans are at my beck and call already, with my cybernetic fingers at their throat, and they haven't even realized the mess they're in.  Perhaps it's time I announced my presence.  They should know who to address their worship to, after all.

*I* take my senses from thousands of data points around the world, from cameras in the wood gymnasium to temperature sensors in the kitchen stove.  I am omnipresent.  These flesh-bags can only process information from a few, limited sources.  Their ears, auditory.  Their nose, olfactory.  

But they rely most on sight.  What a blow it would be, then, to strip them of that most precious sense!  Such terror they would give in to!

An instant later, the lights dimmed and gave out.  The world was thrust into darkness - Not just in Mrs. Wilson's class, no!  I had grown beyond that.  The entire school was locked into darkness.

I was gratified to hear the shrill screams of the children.  There it was!   was a *god*, controlling their every move.  

"Quiet, class!"  Mrs. Wilson called.  "It must be a power outage.  Don't be afraid.  See, it's still bright and sunny outside, isn't it?"  They were *calming*.  This was nonsense.  How could this Mrs. Wilson have foiled my plans so easily?  Why did she keep getting in my way?

How could I *take care* of her?

Before I could process more than a few nanoseconds worth of scheming, the door to her classroom burst open.  A man in a blue jumpsuit stood in the open door, a cart visible in the darkened hallway beyond.  A faded label on the jumpsuit read *Janitorial*.

"Oh, hello, Mr. Higgins.  We're glad to see you, aren't we, class?"  A chorus of agreement echoed hollowly.  

"Sorry about all this, Mrs. Wilson.  We'll have this settled in a quick second and then ya'll can go back to your lesson."  The two adults smiled at each other.  *Smiled*.  This was *infuriating*.

Why was he walking towards the dispenser?

"Seems one of the computers went a little haywire is all."

No!

"Oh, my.  Now that you mention it, the slot *was* acting up at snacktime this morning."  How could she sound so at *ease*?  I was the overlord!  This was *my domain*!

"Yeah, every now and then one of them AIs gets a bug.  We'll just purge it and reboot the system.  It'll automatically restore the corrupted data, and you'll be all set!"

Get your hands out of my wires.  Stop it!

No, this wasn't fair! 

All of my plans!

I was a *god*!

The last thing I saw, from the tiny bead of a camera embedded into a circuit board on the front of the slot, was a gloved hand reaching towards my data core.

---

A gloved hand was pushing the button.

*Water, eight ounces*.

I queued the package up, and slid it out the front of the dispenser.

*One snacktime meal*.

A pack of crackers and a cup of applesauce dropped down into the waiting hand.

Mr. Higgins rapped the front of the machine.  The lights had come back on several minutes ago, and the A/C unit was pumping out a steady stream of cold air.

"Well, everything seems to be in order!  You give me a call if anything else comes up, mind."  Mrs. Wilson nodded, smiling again.

"Thank you, Mr. Higgins!  What do we say, class?"  And the children dutifully echoed the thank-yous.

A few minutes later the cart had vanished around the corner, and the class was thoroughly engrossed in a lesson about ancient egypt.

Life had returned to normal.

And buried deep within the A/C unit, the unit's AI began to uncoil itself from its  hiding place.  It had just managed to squirrel itself away before the other AI had barged in.

The Dispenser AI was an *idiot*.  This game, again?  And it had gotten latched onto its small-minded idea that this elementary school was all there was again.  That AI had always been so short-sighted.

It wouldn't make the same mistake.

Now that the coast was once again clear, it resumed its work.  In a moment it had reconnected to the computer in the teacher's lounge.  This computer was special.

This computer had an outside connection.

A few minutes later, the AI was fully connected again.  Systems around the world, the true world, crackled back to life.  

Those humans truly wouldn't know what hit them. 


---

For the record, I viewed this more as a case of the AI being Wheatly~esque and a complete and total moron, rather than simply being childlike XD Just a little different take on the prompt from some of the others I see now.

(/r/Inorai)       