I exist in a realm of otherness. Everything is exactly as it is in what the mortals call 'reality'; the cracks in the pavement, the splintered branches, every grain of sand is mirrored here. The only thing that's different, are the people.

I was a mortal once too, I died and lived in peace. It's been a lifetime and then some since I was ripped from that peace and made eternal. I grew in strength and understanding. Here, we are only as powerful as we are believed to be.

I'll give you an example, just to be clear, if I turn the corner on this street, I know for a fact that I will run into Ali Dauncey's Grandfather, William Bell. Or the ghost of Will Bell. In all honesty, I'm not sure if I am who I used to be or a part of that or maybe even a memory. I could simply be a collection of beliefs but I don't think so. There is something real to me, of that I am certain.

"Good evenin' Miss Mary, it's good to see ya," Will Bell is all smiles, but his eyes barely stray from his granddaughter going about her day. I assume that's what he's doing. I am unable to see her. The mirrors only defract on those who connect across the thresholds. 

A sudden feeling grips me, I recognise the feeling but it's one that I will never grow accustomed to. A horrendous shake, a vibration within my spine and, as if someone has pulled the earth from beneath my feet, my stomach plummets and I am thrown into blinding light.

"Oh,"

The voice is soft, quiet... My eyes are slowly adjusting, I've never gotten this close before. The twists and turns in my stomach begin to settle, I have to hold my hands out in front of me while my head spins.

I open my eyes and see before me a girl. My oh my, times have changed indeed. I have been told of the societal updates, and indeed even witnessed alternate apparel but I was not prepared for this. A 12 year old child in threadbare shorts that show her knobbly knees. A cornflower blue vest to showcase her nonexistent chest. Indeed. 

I realise that as I am surveying, her face reflects my own; inquisitive and full of wonder.

"You called?" I am suddenly very aware of my hands and do not feel comfortable placing them anywhere. I turn slowly, appraising the room.

"I-I, I didn't think it would work."

"They never do," I'm trying to remain calm but this is the first time I've... 'landed' so to speak. I am unsure how to proceed.

"So... I'm good t-to go, when-e-ever you are."

Her voice echoes around the room and, as dark as it is - there's a dim light in the hallway, emenating from the gaps of the closed door - I realise now that we are conversing in a lavatory. Indeed.

"Ellie!" A thunderous voice booms from below, "Where are you?"

Footsteps storm, the voice raises in both nearness and volume; the girl - Ellie - reaches for me, her eyes the size of saucers.

"Please! Hurry!"

"What do you wish of me, child?" Confusion and fear permeate the air, the door creaks as someone tries the handle.

"Who are you talking to, Ellie?"

A fist bangs against it, shaking the frame.

"Kill me, please!" Her tone is hushed, her fingers grip mine. The fear she has is not for me.

In those three words, a million lives flash before my eyes.

"You wish to be free of this torment?" I must be certain. These wishes do not come lightly.

"Yes," tears tumble down her cheeks, and I understand the gravity. In my soul, I know this girl's true wish.

And as much as I want to give it to her, I am too late. The door flies open. The lock is thrown loose and clashes against tile. 

"Who the fuck are you?" The words are filled with venom, Ellie's hands disappear and she sinks to the floor.

My turn is slow, deliberate, I harness the rumours told of me for centuries, I wield the darkness like a weapon. Blood pours from my mouth, a whistling gust whips my hair from it's restrained updo, my feet are lifted from the floor. The man before me pales, his eyes full of terror as the lights behind him flicker. I accelerate towards him, a whispered scream echoing in his ears, my nails scratch his cheek.

I couldn't give Ellie her true wish, but I could give her the next best thing.

"One day you will cease to exist. When that day comes, I'll be waiting for you. Don't forget it. I'm always watching."

I leave him trembling on the floor and, when she's ready, I take Ellie and drop her off at the first place I think of. Ali Dauncey welcomes her with open arms, and it's the first time I can put a face to a name. She's every bit as lovely as William Bell said. 