#"AND NOW!!!"

He focused on his finger as he pulled it away from his hand.

The audience gasped and gazed as the illusion in front of them.

Of course, Malik was a complete hack. A fraud, the only thing he was good at was lying to people.

The cheers in the crowd and groans from those who could see at the right angle observing his thumb curled behind his finger were drowned out when he took off his hat and placed it upon the ground.

"Ladies and gentlemen..."

Wildly glancing around with confidence and then nervously peering into the seemingly empty abyss of the hat, steeling himself to subtly pull the trap door and release the rabbit into his grip.

He pushed his arm into the hat.

Silence as the crowd looked on in awe... what would come out.

As he smiled and withdrew his hand he exclaimed loudly.

#"...a cute fluffy bunny!"

It was the head of an elder god.

The crowd gasped as the looked on in horror at the being, some of them were driven to madness upon the sight of it. Several powerful mages in the crowd immediately lost all of their abilities as their patron's head was paraded before them.

A small child laughing at the front, didn't understand the trick but seemed very merry yelling, "Again, again!"

The magician looked at his hand, there it was, a delightful little bunny, as he held it against him and petted it, the other's looked on in horror.

"What's the matter? Don't you like snuffles?"

The entire world seemed to shift in strange contortions as the man put the head back in the hat and hid it away. 

As if by magic the crowd settled down, and started looking at each other as the memory quickly faded away, replaced by a cute fluffy bunny and then cheers.

Nobody knew how he had done it! A rabbit from a tiny hat like that.

Taking a bow Malik swept up the coins being chucked at his feet.

As the crowd departed and Malik tended to his little rabbit a stranger approached him.

You know, you must be exceptionally powerful, I couldn't feel anything when you pulled that rabbit out of that hat.

Malik smiled and said, it's all in the wrist.

The stranger looked at him, as he ran his hands over the back of his neck, the fresh scar still slowly closing.

*"Yes... all in the wrist"*.

