“I’m Super Special Agent Dirk Diggler and this Super Important Agent Mick Mickerson, I assume you are expecting us.”

The agents stood in the doorway, peering down the hall past the lady who greeted them. 

“Ah, yeah, sure. You’ll be wanting to speak to my manager, right?”

Diggler lifted his clipboard to reading level, “A Mr. Berguson?”

“Yes, but he prefers to be called by his first name – Ferguson.”

The agents were led down the hall, the rooms of the bank showing themselves through the various widows in the building – police tape dancing around like wild flowers. The agents eventually reached the office of Mr. Berguson who was quick to greet both men with hearty handshakes.

“Right, gentlemen, I prefer to be called Ferguson – not too big on formality. What can I call you two?”

“Unfortunately, as Bureau men, we are all about formality,” said Mickerson, discreetly wiping Ferguson’s sweat from his hand. “But, as you have been so welcoming, you can call us Special Agent Diggler and Special Agent Mickerson.”

The agents took their seats, just in front of the desk Ferguson Berguson had seated himself at. The room was extravagant and was well befitting the prestige of the bank.

“We’ve been through the police reports and we have some ... questions,” said Diggler, rifling through the pages attached to his clipboard. “In particular, our questions revolve around the issue with Steve, your head of security.”

“And what is the issue with Steve?”

“Well,” said Diggler, inching forward on his chair, “it appears you wrote off every accusation the local police threw his way.” 

 “And that’s because he told me didn’t do it,” said Ferguson, confidently reclining in his chair.

“Yeah, we read that in the report,” said Mickerson. “But how can you be so sure?”

“Because Steve also told me can never ever lie.”

“Did you just say ‘ever’?” asked Diggler, rubbing at his chin inquisitively.

“Never ever,” said Berguson.

“Jesus Christ,” said Mickerson, furiously taking notes.

“I still remember my first meeting with Steve to this day. The confidence radiated from the man. During the interview he stopped me to say, ‘”Mr. Berguson, ask me any question you want and I’ll have to tell you the truth because, and I know I have said this multiple times already, I can never lie.’”

“And what did you ask him?” asked Mickerson.

Mr. Berguson leaned forward. “And that’s how this whole story ties together, gentlemen. I asked him: ‘Would you ever rob this bank.”

 “Incredible,” said Diggler.

“That’s probably the question I would ask him, too. What did he say?” asked Mickerson.

“I’d ask him something like ‘do aliens exist?'” said Diggler.

“That’s not how it works. He can only answer truthfully with the knowledge he possesses,” explained Berguson.

“Then maybe I would ask him ‘If aliens did exist, do they?’ Try and catch him out,” said Mickerson, winking first at Berguson then casting a smile at Diggler who was flashing back an impressed expression.

“Gentlemen, that’s not how this works.”

“Zombies. True or false.” 

“He said he would never ever, ever steal from my bank!” shouted Berguson, trying his best to get the conversation back on track.

“A double ever?” said Diggler, looking towards Mickerson who was nodding his head as the two men re-entered the conversation.

“That’s irrefutable,” said Mickerson.

“In the Bureau we have a saying, ‘A double ever is irrefutable’.”

“It’s true, we do say that all the time,” said Mickerson.

“Well, Mr. Berguson. That’s all we need." The two agents stood from their chairs. "I think we just cracked this case,” said Mickerson.

“What do you mean you’ve cracked the case?”

“It’s simple," said Diggler, re-tucking in his shirt in to his pants as it had done that awkward thing where it falls out after standing from a sitting position. "All we have to do is ask Steve who robbed this joint.”
 

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement