Since my untimely birth in the primordial stage of the Universe, I've seen a lot. I've killed a lot. I've conquered galaxies, razed civilizations that were fated to expand across the stars, fought some of the greatest beings that would put any wordly pantheon of gods to shame. 

While it is a busy life, it is also all too hectic and everyone insists on being so damn uptight.

I eventually decided to settle down and give the new upstarts a chance to grow and run amok the universe for a bit. That young boy C'thulhu had some potential and his younger brother Yahweh was always chasing his coattails.

I chose my vacation home carefully. It was a quiet and relaxed corner of the universe where I could revisit my passion for art and enjoy peace. The universal constants that bound lesser beings had a certain allure to them. But who thought that the half developed apes on this rock would find me and insist upon pestering me with their half-developed cubs? 

The worst part was that they wouldn't listen to reason. It would be exceedingly easy to wipe them from all of time and space with half a thought, but I wanted to enjoy this downtime and refrain from any eradication. Plus if my great grandson Satan found out I messed with his first project, I'd never hear the end of it. So I played along in the hopes that time might end this charade. Apparently, stupidity and stubbornness are traits that are passed down very well in humans. They send a chosen one every year. I lost track after the 1654th one tried to fight me using poems. I usually fling 'em to a far corner of the universe. Some of them are lucky enough to be transported to a hospitable world, most aren't. 

I'm thinking of ending my vacation a millennia or two early, but I do wonder how this species will turn out without a common enemy. I came to Earth to relax and focus on the art of the universe, but ended up observing these tiny specks instead. Oh how I'll miss them, but the Universe has grown too rich with life in my absence and it's time to get back from vacation.