I woke up to feel the ground shaking, it was violent but I was not worried for no quake had ever brought down the caverns before. They had stood for centuries a testament to our people's devotion. I tried to fall back to sleep however the caverns were still echoing, and then the bells started ringing. Great God Garnet. The bells hadn't rung since the last goblin invasion. Were they back? I was not the young warrior I used to be I don't think I can survive another. Please be anything but that.

I was petrified but I proceeded just like my training had taught me. I collected my hammer and made my way to the square, I saw Malthe on the way he looked like he wanted to run away after all he was only a miner. That put a smile on my face. The caverns were shaking more and more, rocks were beginning  to fall from the ceiling which was odd; the magic should of prevented that from that from happening. What ever this was it wasn't a goblin attack, it was something worse. Much worse.

The square was packed I'd never seen anything like it. All the elders were there even Ida, Ida hadn't been too a meeting in centuries. Why was she here now? What was so important? Why were rocks falling from the ceiling? My heart was racing, the rumbling stopped. There were cheers throughout the square even Ida showed relief and she was a blank slate, we believed it was time for celebration. And then there was a crash.

A giant was standing there at least it was the size of a giant, it was steel like Olivar was in the legends. The elderly bowed and were crushed by its feet, I ran, ran as far as I could. I heard laughter it was awful it cracked and distorted the space around me, it wasn't the elves it was far too ugly for that. It wasn't the goblins, the goblins wouldn't want to give away their position. That left the humans. How had they done this? Nobody had ever broken through the cavern walls. And they had no magic, they were weak and pathetic. They were the butt of all are jokes and now, Garnet knows what happens now.

Outside the cavern was bright and incredibly harsh it was gross, the greens were off and the blues were too strong. I climbed to the top of the mountain and saw it. I weeped for the first time in my life I cried. I saw a legion of steel giants, I knew the destruction that one of them could bring on to our people. I knew that if I was going to beat them I would need help from the other races. 