Tracey peered into the small divot in her backyard. The smoke was still clearing, making it difficult to see what had crashed into her freshly mowed grass. 

“Back up pup,” she said she tugged on the collar of her golden retriever. 

She knew the dog was just as interested but didn’t want the vet visit from him burning his nose on whatever it was.  It gave her a thought, however, and she patted his head before walked across the yard. The grass was mowed but the corner still had all of the stuff she had raked piled into it.  

Pulling out the longest stick she could find, she made her way back to the smoky pit. 

“I said back up,” She pulled on the dog's collar once more with her free hand.  

She squinted down once more, spotting nothing but a black blob, even though the smoke was beginning to be more wisps, the fire had died out. She shook the stick once at the air and plunged it straight at the blob. 

Tracey wasn’t sure what she had been expecting, but the stick recoiled in her hand as it hit the solid surface of the object. 

“Oh come on!” she hollered at the ground, rubbing the wrist holding the stick. “This is ridiculous, Charls.” 

She looked down at her dog who had cocked his head to the side at her exclamation. “I guess we’ll have to wait.”  

*** 

Tracey sat at her kitchen table. She half stared out the window to the back yard, and half stared at her cell phone to keep herself entertained. She had sent a few texts but no one had any thoughts about what may have landed in her yard.  

Of course, they all wanted updates and pictures though.   

Halfway through a second cup of coffee, Charlie began to bark and whine at the wall connecting to the yard. His ears were up, head tilting back and forth. 

“What's up, Charlie?” Tracey asked as she set pushed aside her mug and her phone. 

Maybe the dog was hearing something, she thought. If the dog was hearing something, maybe the thing in her yard was moving or talking somehow. Nothing was visible from her window, which meant she would have to take them back out into the backyard. 

A brief wave of anxiety ran through her as she turned the doorknob. An irrational fear as she wondered if the thing was somehow alive, and not very nice. 

***

“No, I don’t know how it got there, Sarah. I obviously didn’t order a crash landing Roomba with a freaking knife taped to it. it's not like Amazon has that as a delivery option,” Tracey rolled her eyes despite the fact that it wouldn’t translate over the cell phone. 

“It’s moving. I have it on the table,” she said. 

Her friend was not actually being all that helpful but she wasn’t at all sure what to do. She had called Sarah to see if she wanted to come over but had been stuck answering questions instead. 

“I can’t put it on the floor, Sarah. It has a knife on it, and I don’t really want it to stab my dog. Just…Just come over?” Tracey asked. 

This whole situation was insane. She could really use someone to feel a little bit insane with her.  

“No, it's not that big of a knife. You’ll see.” 

*** 

“I told you,” Tracey stood back as Sarah tried to inspect the little machine. 

“But why? Why does it have a knife? And how is it still working?” Sarah circled the table poking at the Roomba once a minute or so. 

“Those are great questions.” 

Sarah picked up the Roomba, causing it to make a brief whirring sound. It seemed to shut down once it realized it was no longer on solid ground. “You know…I’ve always wanted one.” 

Sarah turned it over in her hands, inspecting the sides and the bottom of it. Her hands grazed over the material, stopping for a moment before she turned to Tracey. 

“I think this is tape. Maybe colored Duct Tape?” Sarah said as she handed the whole thing, carefully, over to its new owner. 

Tracey held it and felt the spot her friend had indicated. It did feel like tape. She brought it back over to the table and set it down, bottom up. With some peeling and scratching, Tracey managed to pull up the square of odd material. Stuck in the middle, between the tape and the bottom of the Roomba was a square piece of white paper. 

Without so much as looking up at Sarah, Tracey peeled the paper off and unfolded it. 

“You have been challenged. Welcome to the fight,” Tracey read the words out-loud. 

“What?!” Sarah asked dramatically and made a grab for the note. 

Tracey moved it out of her reach automatically.  Her eyes moved between the note and the armed cleaning robot. Was the Robot supposed to be her weapon or just an invitation? 

/r/beezus_writes