We were both newbies when I first met her. Actually, it was our first job. I was fresh out of training with my master, Dark Rose and later would learn that Momo had graduated just the previous week. How she got popular with that name and the weird peach-colored suit is beyond me, but that's not the point. 

The point is, aside from Dark Rose, she was the only girl I ever talked to (been saying for years that the villans could use more female action). I grinned all the way through her adorably shy attempt of a negotiation. When that didn't work, such bashfulness was quick to fade as our combat started with our bets in place: if she won, I'd release everyone and accept arrest withot any resistance; on the other hand, we'd go on a date.

I meant that as a joke, but she was quick to accept the offer, probably because I'd have to give up all the money I'd gathered either way. Smart little thing.

I was honestly expecting to loose. C'mon, a villain who passed his life training on a mountain, against a hero fresh out one of the best schools on the planet? It was supposed to be an easy win. But, as they say, fate is a sly demon. Momo's movements were way too predictable and easy to dodge. So, instead of the battle, my mind drifted towards our certain date. What do couples even do on dates? Talk? I doubted we'd find a topic in common. Walk in a park? There were none in this city. Hold hands? Wouldn't she be disgusted of my fur?

She thought I was getting out of breath, and that it meant her win, but in reality I was panicking because I never properly dated someone. Then, when I saw the chance, I took it, and let her give me the finishing blow. Maybe next time, I thought as someone not so gently dragged me to prision.

That "next time", however, was never right. A burning power plant wasn't at all romantic to ask someone out, nor was a prisioneiro rebellion, a menacing meteorite over a beach at night, or all those other places. And every single time she had to set my side of the bet as a date.

Out of all the heroes I faced throughout the years, she, the weakest of them all, was the only one I could never beat. 

That is, until yesterday. 

It was supposed to be another normal fight. Giant (fake) laser threatening to destroy the sun (I mean, do they really thing I have the money for that?), waiting to charge (or her arrival), and a beautiful sunrise. This time for sure. 

For the first time, however, Momo was late. She arrived an hour later, bleeding and with both arms clearly broken, carried by Dark Rose, who greeted me with a smile.

"Hey, if it isn't Okami." I didn't know what to say. Yes, she was my old master, but also the mother who didn't hesitate in beating her only child until he agreed to be trained. "Heard someone was having trouble with this little girl, but I wasn't expecting to see you." She threw Momo on the sand, opening her bloodied arms. "It's been a few years now, haven't it? Through all this fur, I can see more and more of your father." That fake smile was as creepy as ever. "Now that this little obstacle is out of your way, let's discuss how you'll take the rest of this cit..."

Dark Rose never got a chance to finish that sentence, as I dashed through her open guard, tore her chest open and, before the inevitable right swing to my head from her root-like tentacles got me, I forced my head to hit hers with everything I had. She still got me right afterwards.

I woke a bit ago to write this. As I just realized something. Why she always won, no matter what I did: I love her. Stupid date joke. Will never use it again. 

"Hey, Okami, guess I do owe you a date or two after all."