Walking down the willow-laced streets of the Starting City, I became lost in memories of my long life. As with most reminiscing, I started from the very first memory I could find. Coincidentally, it was a memory from right here, this tranquil city whose people are straightforward and whose scenery lulls the soul into a low hum, as if comfortably lost in a dream of home. You could call this a dream, reminiscing, just as first arriving in Starting City was like a dream. To many people in this world, Starting City is a home; us Adventurers all start our journeys here, and since we belong to no definite place, she is known as our Mother. 

It's odd, walking from place to place, and seeing the faces, both new and old, busily running about. Seeing the others bustle and grind reminds me of my youth, of my Starting Days. Since then, this is my first time truly relaxing, giving me ample space to reflect and better understand the world around me, rather than being in a state of constant interaction with it. 

I walked circles in the Combat Center, a familiar place where I had, in the past, spent a great portion of my time both training to fight and being a fighting instructor, observing the warriors of all classes. The mages were reducing sandbags to dust, while others performed spells of alchemy. The archers were agile and clever; among this bunch there was seldom one who could not land multiple bullseyes in a row. The hand-to-hand pupils were wrestling, today. 

Upon seeing a seasoned combatant, wearing armor at least twice his body weight and sporting a greataxe as tall as his body run past me at pratically full sprint, I became curious. Why is it that us Adventurers are all so powerful and capable, while so few citizens of the world can equal us? How do we possess these special skills of magic and stamina? The answer seems to be in the dark. 

Sleep, I thought to myself, is a foggy, distant thing, yet nobody takes notice. Our bodies do not age, nor do we get sick. I am not sure how long my life has been, does time exist? Not a single Adventurer has died, to my knowledge - or perhaps one has, but how could I know? It hasn't been until now that I am noticing such inconsistency. 

An arrow was cast from a bow, and time seemed to slow. I watched the world bend as the arrow crossed my field of view, as if there was a hidden force pulling it towards the target. Suddenly, a wretched tug came from deep within me. My mind, for the first time, was flooded with paranoia and distrust. The others began to morph into shapeless blobs, devoid of humanity, yet continued on as if nothing had changed. The Mother, my life, my legacy... is none of it real? My eyes opened wide with shock, the world went black. 

The first thing I saw were my arms, veins strained against the skin. Tubes filled with pinkish liquid were in both sides, flourescent lights blinded me. I was no longer paranoid, no longer afraid. I looked closely at my arms a second time, noticing loose skin and blemishes - I was aging. Though the steel of whatever I was resting on was hard and uncomfortable, I let out a sigh. 

Doubt twisted through my head like a tornado. Where am I? Was that real? How could -- 

I was interrupted mid-thought by a door creaking open. 

"He's awake", a raspy, breathless voice called out. 