It was an impossible feeling, having one's eyes close and open simultaneously. Yet that is what seemed to happen. I closed my eyes for the last time gazing at Samira. Her eyes caressed me with their sparkle and I did not feel afraid to go, knowing I was so loved. As that image faded and the curtains dropped, I found myself staring down at some sort of predator.

My heart raced. How I knew it was a predator I don't know because I had never seen an animal like this before. It moved sporadically, it's limbs sharp and angled. It snuffled and groaned around the base of the tree, occasionally jabbing at it and half-heartedly throwing its body against the trunk. Some instinct told me to be wary but also not to fear as this beast could not climb.

I turned my eyes up from the earth and gazed at the tree canopy around me. Jungle or forest, I couldn't tell. There was much more yellow apparent in the foliage than I'd ever seen during any of the long months I'd spent on field expeditions.

*"Huffff!"*

My vision snapped back below as the dark creature shuffled away out of site. Evidently it had given up on me.

Me... me?

My sense of self had changed somehow, and it was very unsettling. My roving eyes flitted past my hand and then returned as fast as the shock shivering up from my toes.

I was covered in hair! Not only my hand but my whole body. I touched my face and it felt soft beneath my fingertips. I was some sort of ape! Exactly what type Samira would know. 75 years together, 30 of them spent on field assignments and somehow, I had never managed to absorb any of Samira's knowledge. Though I can say quite frankly I had never really tried.

"This is a puzzle we'll only ever solve together" she always used to say about our life. "You keep track of your pieces and I'll keep track of mine."

But she wasn't here and I needed her now... This didn't make sense. I had felt death come over me. I'd accepted it. When I left Samira I did so knowing it was forever, and yet here I was. I was alive still and so Samira must be as well. I needed to find her.

*Whump!*

The branch shook and I snarled and swung at the being that had just appeared next to me. The other ape swatted my arm away and glared. It began tugging and tracing its fingers through the fur on its chest in a way that I somehow understood.

*Tug, swirl, tug tug, swirl.*

The ape's fingers drew patterns through its red chest hair, tugging intermittently for tone and emphasis.

"Rin I've been looking for you! There is trouble at the Vestule, an unknown one possessing grave injuries has arrived and is asking for you urgently. What is that in your hand!?"

I understood the ape's silent language completely and I raised my hand and opened my palm in compliance. The ape's slate grey eyes widened at the sight of what we both knew to be poisonous mushrooms. A memory of an acrid taste on my tongue surfaced, along with some other memories I did not recognize. The ape whom I now knew to be Janu slapped the mushrooms out of my palm.

"I don't understand your obsession with these spores which should not be eaten. Come we must hurry to the Vestule, the unknown one may not have much time." Janu ended her sentence with a slash across her chest followed by two swift tugs, then turned and leapt into the neighbouring tree.

Her urgency overrode my utter confusion and I followed, trusting my body to fling itself boldly through the air. We hurtled through the tree tops at full speed and before long we reached a wall of rock. Janu's momentum switched from horizontal to vertical instantaneously and the canopy rustled as she shot up the rock face out of site. I followed, and as I broke through the top of the yellow canopy my fur began baking in the heat radiating down from a giant sun, high in the sky. Janu didn't slow, despite the heat, and I was panting hard as I tried to keep up with her.

The rock towered high above, and I ventured a guess that we were heading for the summit. The veins in my arms throbbed, my heart drummed and I felt exhilarated. I closed the gap between me and Janu and with one final effort flung myself over the peak onto a broad plateau.

Off to the left a large group of the apes with grey eyes huddled beneath the shade cast by an immense tree. Janu pulled me forward and pushed through the crowd to the centre where an ape with fur like a sunset crouched over a figure on the ground. Janu traced a swirl and tugged twice on the sunset ape's back. She looked up at us, locked eyes with me and moved quickly to the side.

I gasped and staggered forward. My vision blurred and the world shrunk until for me it held only Samira. The corners of her mouth turned upwards, though her jaw was set in pain. She reached up and caressed my cheek. Her human form looked so fragile against the alien soil. She was wearing a cloak I didn't recognize, most of which was soaked in blood. I took it to be originating from the spot on Samira's side where the sunset ape was pressing a piece of dark moss.

Samira's hand moved from my face to her own chest and her eyes again caressed mine as she traced out a message.

"You can save me, I'll tell you how but then you must act quickly! Much more hangs in the balance here than just my life. A terror you can't imagine is set to engulf this world and if this one falls, so will all the rest..."