"Next up, outta a little town in Japan called Hidariwakibara, its Kusuo Saiki! Give him a big round of applause" the lights cut over to the Pink Haired, green glasses wearing Psychic, and he looks out with a neutral look on his face. It wasn't because he didn't understand the announcer, he had used his telepathy to learn most English words and phrases when he arrived in the US. No, he just gave that look because he genuinely didn't care. He'd been invited to this game show, and his parents apparently loved it, having gone so far as to learn English in case they were brought up on stage. But as Saiki looked over his competitors, he knew they weren't Psychic at all. 2 of the contestants were just hoping no one would double check their facts. The other girl thought she was genuinely Psychic, but she just made voices for other people. 

But Saiki didn't want to win, he hated attention and was hoping that he'd get 3rd place. He wasn't even sure what this show was about. He was mostly sure it was about communicating with spirits to find hidden objects, but really, the host just fed some answers to the contestants if they were getting warmer or colder. 

Saiki could actually see ghosts however, thanks to coming into contact with a Psychic Medium he'd met, and saw that the house actually had a few spirits, but one of them was shrouded in a cloud of darkness. The ghost tuned, and noticed that Saiki saw him. It raised its arm, and pointed right at the host. "That's him, that's the one who killed me."

Saiki looked over at the host, and tapped into his mind. He search for the memory, and found it quite easily. The host would probably share with enough persuasion, but that wasn't Saiki's plan. He learned how the host killed the dark ghost, setting a room on fire with the ghost locked in. Saiki stepped up to the house, and walked into the entryway, crossing his eyes to use his Clairvoyance. The host and the 3 competitors were still outside, as was the audience and cameras. Saiki focused his power, and the house burst into flames. Everyone outside jumped back in alarm, except the host fell to the ground. "No...not again!" Then he quickly jumped up and ran down the street. Then, just as suddenly as the fire started, it stopped.  The cameras turned toward the host running away, and Saiki teleported outside into the air, and remained floating. He saw the host run to the nearest police car, and furiously knock on the window. "I'll admit it, I did it! I lit the bedroom on fire to kill Brenda, I learned she was going to leave me and I killed her for it."

Saiki teleported back to the house, and walked out as if nothing happened. He gladly accepted his prize of $300 and teleported his begrudging family back home, and took his $300 to convert to ¥34000 and buy some coffee jelly.