######[](#dropcap)

"What will you give me that I could want?" 

Kieran watched the player's avatar as he scratched his head--an idle gesture--as he contemplated the question. In Harkstone, Kieran was known as a trader. But he didn't just trade in in-game items. He traded in out-of-game items as well. Ones that he conjured out of thin air simply by thinking about them.

He tapped his booted foot on the cobblestone path, then turned around and sat down on a wooden crate, bringing his sword in front of him so it settled on his lap. The player stared at his sword, his own tiny dagger hanging in its leather sheath. Kieran didn't blame him. His sword wasn't really a sword at all, but a curved, double edged blade that could serve as a gun as well. It was of a crescent shape, with a handle in the middle that extended out into a barrel with a trigger on the bottom. 

He had created it after he had gotten sick of players trying to come up and stab him in the back to see if he could die. It didn't hurt of course, but it was bothersome nonetheless. So a character death or two often taught them enough of a lesson to leave him alone. 

He yawned, glancing around the market. Little booths had been set up, each with a wooden platform and a cloth awning, selling wares. His own stand was simply a crate that changed location day by day. Otherwise he'd get flooded. All sorts of creatures roamed the streets. Elves, orcs, and even a Disney character or two. Those in particular were his doing. If there was one thing Kieran in his almighty status in this domain lacked, it was knowledge of the outside world. And for anyone who wanted an avatar that the game didn't provide, they needed a particularly juicy piece of info.

He sighed. "Kid, if you don't have anything, get moving. Come back when you're ready to answer." 

The player who was clearly new to the game--with nothing but tatters for clothes and simple cloth shoes--shuffled to the side. "Sorry, Nightguard." That was the avatar name he'd settled on for the past two years.

Well--he glanced at the setting sun--that was it for the day. Getting up, he snapped his fingers, and the pile of crates that vaguely resembled a throne disappeared. Then he headed toward the outskirts of town, past all the fake brothels and boarded up shops. The game was still in beta, so some features hadn't been released yet. He could have just teleported, of course, but then he would have to find a way to fill up the long empty nights, somehow. 

Some days, he spent out in the town, participating in events such as the town dance. But he soon got sick of those as more and more players learned of his presence, instead crowding around him to try and get him to fulfill a wish. He walked into his cottage and had just set down his blade when a message popped up. 

*Kieran?* 

He froze. He pulled up the message, glancing at the username. Fayegirl97. He didn't understand why, but it rung a bell. 

*Who are you?* He sent the message off with a swipe of his hand in the air. Nothing. He paced back and forth, his boots scuffing the wooden floorboards. His hands clenched into fists. No one knew his real identity here. How had they found him? 

It didn't really matter, of course. Now that he was dead. But some sense of humanity still clung to him, some part that hated being outed without his permission. He could easily ban the user, and he would, as soon as he figured out what was going on. 

*Kieran, is it really you?? It's Lisa!*

He could feel goosebumps running down his arm. It wasn't possible. This had to be some kind of joke. It had to be. He pulled up the menu and pinpointed her location. The marketplace. Without hesitating, he teleported over to where she was, landing just a couple of paces behind her. 

She had a human avatar. Just a normal human one. And somehow, that knowledge gave him hope. Her account had just been created thirty seconds ago. 

He walked up, hesitantly. Maybe he was afraid she would disappear. That somehow, he had found the ability to dream, and she was just a figment of his imagination. She turned around, and he could see the small bubble above her head that indicated she was typing. 

*I asked one of your friends, and he said he knew your old username, so I tracked it to you, and I wasn't sure, but I had to try.* 

He could imagine her in real life now, the rim of her eyes red, as she held in her tears, her lower lip trembling. He could still conjure up the image of her face in his mind. Her round face, with so much baby fat, and her large eyes. 

Overriding the programming of the game, which currently didn't allow for physical contact, he walked forward and gave her a hug. It was an empty gesture; he couldn't feel it, but he knew she could see it on the screen. And that would have to be enough. 

Then he stood back, typing and wishing that he could say the words aloud, with his own voice. 

*Hey, little sis. How have you been?*

*****

r/AlannaWu