"AlphaPharm?" I repeat back to Marty and Rob, my two oldest friends.

"Yup," says Marty, slurping ruefully at his tomato soup. He didn't have any teeth left when I passed my earthly journey, and he certainly doesn't now, 100 years later.

"You mean the company that old Peter Duggins started, back in the 80's?"

"That's the one," says Marty. 

"That Peter Duggins was a sonofabitch," I say.

"Yeah, try living in a world where he's alpha sonofabitch number one," says Rob. "He's the most powerful man on earth now."

"Not that he remembers his old schoolfellows," says Marty, a little tomato soup dribbling out of his smacking old lips. "It was within a few weeks of your funeral," he goes on, "that they started selling LifeLast. And then, you know, they weren't just selling it to you in pills, they were putting it in the water, like flouride."

"Jesus," I say.

"You said it," says Rob. "Now everyone just lives and lives. We've got twenty five billion people on the planet. I mean, look around." 

It's true. Every building is over fifty stories. People use tunnels under the streets and overpass tubes suspended in the air to get to where they need to go. The visibility in the smog can be about five meters in places. It looks a lot worse than when I died 100 years ago. "The more people are born, the bigger AlphaPharm's market becomes, the more powerful old Duggins gets."

"I almost envy you for getting out when you did," says Marty, stirring creamer into his coffee. 

"Yeah," says Rob. "What's it like, you know, in the afterlife?"

"I almost don't wanna ask," says Marty.

"Yeah," says Rob. "At least we've got our health," he responds, spilling some more tomato soup out of his toothless gums.

"Well, it's basically paradise," I say, which is the truth.

Marty cocks his head. Rob looks at me suspiciously. I take another lemon snap and bite into it.

"Yeah I mean, it took me a while to realize," I say. "It's not paradise the way we thought of it, you know, riding around on pillowy clouds with naked angels and Christ's love penetrating every fibre of your being, you know, some ethereal spirit world with God's grace spoon fed to you with sprinkles and ice cream, Peter at the Pearly Gates, you get my drift. It actually looks a lot like Earth, least Earth when I died. Except somehow better." 

"Really now," says Marty.

"What, like you got X-ray vision?" says Rob.

"You can fly?" says Marty.

"No no, it's more subtle," I say, trying to explain. "It's like - if I wanted to eat french fried pancakes all day and indulge every other appetite until I'd checked off the venal sins, yeah I could do that, but in Paradise, you suddenly feel compelled to do things that are more meaningful."

"Like feed the hungry?"

"Yeah kind of. Like suddenly you want to tend the garden that's gonna feed the hungry, and the hungry isn't an abstraction, it's Abe, the gnarled man at your street corner who blesses you every morning, and suddenly you're chopping celery to make him a stew and washing his feet and . . . I don't know. Do you ever feel like you're living in someone else's paradise?"

"Yeah, Peter Duggins'," Marty says, and laughs.

"Yessir," says Rob.

"Well maybe when you die, you get your own paradise," I say, speculating.

"Yeah, with twenty-five billion hapless shmo's who have to live in it."

I shrugged. "So?"