Fuck. I hate running.

The problem with being a vigilante who goes deep undercover is that nobody knows your true intentions. Perhaps this is why my mentor kept harping about the buddy system. Rule #31. And leaving some kind of deadman's switch for when the game gets too tricky. Rule #5.

Fuck.

I rounded the corner and cowered in the entryway of a wig store that had closed for the night. A wig would come in handy right now. I could put it on and walk in the other direction, and go home and have tea. Did I have enough time to break in? Probably not. Plus it would be loud.

I hear footsteps coming closer. I closed my eyes.

"Hey." It was spoken simply, like a friend would greet a friend after a slight disagreement, with a tone of reconciliation.

I kept my eyes closed. I was never good at confrontation. And I expected to be shot.

"Are you crying?"

I was in fact crying. I opened my eyes. In front of me stood a woman. The woman. The leader of the rebellion. I gasped involuntarily.

"Did you actually get to meet him?" she asked gently. I wasn't quite sure what she was talking about, so I nodded and wiped snot on my sleeve.

"Was he amazing?" I nodded again, confused. Why hadn't she shot me?

Maybe I should back up and tell you how we got here. It's a long story. You see, I am a normal person who spent my entire life infiltrating the evil Empire. I even became the Emperor's right hand. The day before I finally toppled the Empire, a heroine arrived, killed the Emperor, and saved the day.

And now the heroine is chasing me, the emperor's right hand man.

Okay, maybe not such a long story.

But the heroine doesn't seem to be very intent on killing me. Rather, she seems to be a bit starstruck by me. Odd.

My deep undercover training kicked in. Rule #82: When the universe hands you a new script, fucking read it.

"He was everything the legends claimed" I tested. I sniffled again, and tried to look in control. I sat down casually.

"I knew it" she said, with a faraway look in her eyes, "So dreamy." She sat down next to me. "I took this assignment because I wanted to get promoted. But then I learned more about His Highness, and fell in love. You don't know how badly I loved him. Wanted him. Needed him. And I know he needed me. Every report, every article, every clue was bringing us closer together. We are soulmates. But then when we were finally alone he took a cyanide pill before I could explain..."

She droned on. I stopped listening. Holy shit, she was the stalker. She was the stalker. She was the batshit crazy girl stalking the Emperor.

Fucking bat shit cray cray. There was a way to save this. Rule #82. The script was taking me there. I just had to go along for the swim.

I slowly pulled the knife from my boot, hoping that between her tears and the dim light, she wouldn't realize. Is this right? What is right? I'm the Emperor's right hand man. The Empire needs me. I can do better. I can make things better. I can be.

I swung my arm. The flesh of her neck was surprisingly thin. She looked surprised, but didn't make a sound. I arranged her as if she was sleeping. 

I waited, but heard no more footsteps. Looks like we both broken Rule #31. Convenient. 

It was time for a new empire. My empire. And now, nothing stood in my way. I will change. I am changing. I have changed. My pulse raced with the power that stood before me, the minions who would follow me, the people who existed to do my bidding.

I turned once more, looked at the contents of the wig store. But now a disguise  seemed unnecessary. 

I stood, and walked calmly into the shadows, my breath showing in the suddenly frigid air. 
