Ever since I began the walk home from the testing agency, the number 278 was ceaselessly ravaging throughout every crease of my brain. Every time I would see the canary flash of a speeding taxi, I thought, *What number is it now?* Truthfully, the town cars were several feet away but that wouldn't stop my anxiety from festering. I should be thankful that I had survived the 278 glances from death. Hell, I could be considered the luckiest man alive. Then why did I notice every crack in the sidewalk? Every crevice that had danced with rain and then was devastated when icy fingers reached for an escape. *Is 278 my devastation or the result of it?* *I can't believe it's this high.*

"Go on! It will be fun," Jake had exclaimed. "I got fifteen; I bet you can't beat that."

Jake described that he could remember most of his numbers. You see, Jake was an electrician by trade. He has suffered from electrocution a dozen times but felt that only two had the ferocity to make the list. He went on and on about how he had narrowly avoided a passing semi while on his motorcycle or how once he awoke half soaked in piss, the other in vodka. I couldn't help but notice how his eyes danced in the sunlight as he recalled his brief encounters with the dark. Of course Jake would warmly reminisce over the fifteen times he triumphed over death. He was the one to take everything in stride. He would always say, "You have to look at the positive."  Unfortunately, I was not cut from the same cloth. *Why look at the light when the shade never betrays your eyes?*

I had not realized that I was already on Main Street. My feet were following the footprints left from previous treks as my mind was growing heavier with Jake's stories and 278. I was attempting to make any sense of the number, tying to rationalize what a reckless lifestyle I have been living but doubt settled when I recalled how much of a bore I am. Most of my waking hours were spent soaking the glow of a monitor. I worked from home, so my days generally felt the same. Either I counted figures or I added figures to my kill-streak count. Besides my online interactions, I really only socialized by calling Jake or by striking a conversation with my loyal kitten companion, Benson. *Can lonesomeness kill you? My number can't be that high.*

I methodically took each step to the entrance of my apartment and entered the hallway. Sounds of music, couples bickering, and clanking dishes resonated beyond the sealed doors of its inhabitants. The music of routine bounced sporadically throughout the hall, but not a single note penetrated. All I could hear was 278. I lazily fingered my keys until the found the correct fit. The creak of the door summoned Benson to welcome me. In a daze, I stumbled past and began pacing the oak floors of my living quarters. I meticulously recalled the times that I had stumbled over a folded rug or had forgotten to change the batteries to my smoke detector. I dismissed these numbers, believing it was simply my mind trying to disentangle this abysmal formula. *The figures just don't add up. How could it be 278!? It couldn't have happened that often.* I attempted to push these thoughts aside while I continued to fester.

As the street before, my feet found a familiar path though my apartment as I attempted to calculate every instance I forgot to look both ways at a crosswalk. I discovered myself sitting cross-legged on the bathroom floor, in the corner where the porcelain tub met the wall.  When I was finally able to rid the clouds populating inside my head, I felt the now-warmed grip of a revolver. *I don't remember grabbing this from the nightstand. This has practically become my nightly ritual.* The deadly steel shone bright against the florescent bulb, flickering melodically above. I made the gleam dance across the surface of the metal as I manipulated the pistol. As I considered two paths, twin rivers crashed down my splotched cheeks and caught the loose fibers of my clothing. *There has to be more than this. What was all considered in the 278? How many times have I sat in this same spot, never able to pull the trigger?*

There was a faint scratching upon the door. I listened as claws followed a known groove, cleaving just a bit deeper. My loyal companion was as hungry as he was impatient. *Seems like he remembers the routine as well.* With trembling hands, I slowly released the cylinder and began to habitually poke the bullets from their home. As I heard each individual clink of another round falling upon the ceramic tile flooring, I found myself counting, "279, 280, 281..."