"Keep your head down!" said the pale man as he cinched his coat tight around his waist.

We had been on the boat for what seemed like a week. 

How long, exactly, I am not certain, for time passes stranger when sleep is unnecessary.

In one hand he held a wooden pole which he used to pull us along the river floor. In the other, he held what I had initially believed would be the instrument of my destruction.

But I suppose its too late for that.

You know how people always say, 'statistically, flying is safer than driving.' Well, that statistic didn't do jack-shit for me as my pilot went flying past my head screaming and crying like a little baby boy. 

I just started laughing. I mean, the other passengers probably didn't appreciate it, but the endorphine kick really helped me deal with the situation.

Then we hit the ground and everything stopped in a big way.

It was dark for a long while, then someone seemed to pull me up and out of the darkness and we were at a lonely dock on a tiny island. That was the first time I saw it.

It seemed crafted from driftwood with parts, here and there, gnarled and wild. Out from the top of it, came a blade that curved out and down in a gleaming metal that seemed almost pure black.

The hooting, the screeching, the growls and gurgles emanated from all around us. They seemed to be the sounds of demons and the damned. My imagination gave them faces, gave them names, but what lurked around our boat and along the rivers edge, I could only imagine, for I had been told to hide the entire way.

"Why am I hiding?" I asked.

"Shut up!" he said as he pushed my head down below the perimeter of the boat. "You aren't even supposed to be here."

"What?" I thought of Dante, not the one from the book, the one in black and white standing at the counter of the convenience store, watching a guy counting eggs on the ground.

"Not suppo-" I asked, but again, he pushed my head down into the boat.

"If they find you here they're gonna take you to their master. " He looked down at me, then, and said, " Trust me, neither of us wants that."

I felt like asking him ten questions at once, instead I said nothing and, after a while, he spoke up.

"Okay, you can sit up now."

My back was tense and sore. Being dead really hurts, it seemed.

It was very dark, at first, then my eyes adjusted. It wasn't the same as when I was still alive. Back then, yes my eyes adjusted and I could make out forms and shapes. But now, now its like that part in The Wizard of Oz where everything goes from black and white to color.

All around me I saw mists, mists that seemed almost purple in the orange light of the flaming river below. Up along the sides of the river I saw great blobs of mass that ended up being the tiny bodies of what appeared to be hairless monkeys with no ears or eyes.

"I had to take another way, " He said as he touched the scythe on the scabbard at his hip. "In doing so, I have put you in danger. I'm sorry. "

A roar lit up the world around us with vibrations the likes of which I had never felt. The darkened monkeys huddled together in their masses, came to life and scattered away in screeches and shouts.

I heard bounding, just then. It was as if two massive Saint Bernard Huskies were now charging towards our little boat.

"It's Agog and Magog. They have come for you." He leapt from the boat and onto the river shore with surprising agility.

"I will protect you. It is my duty." 

I saw their faces, then. They had sunken eyes and grinning maws filled with teeth. Their faces were made of flaps of skin that seemed decayed and gangrenous. They had bodies like dogs and they wore the faces of hideous men.

Death seemed to spin and slashed the first one in the face.

It yelled like a man.

Then the other came at him with human teeth that chomped at his hands and feet looking to take a prize that would hobble this pesky guardian. He dodged and deflected each attempt.

It was as though I had unknowingly purchased a ticket for the greatest movie I had ever seen.

Then one of them took his head and bit into it like a melon.

He screamed.

We screamed together.