How many screams had I heard? Earth-rending screeches, ugly and pained, tearing at the throats they escaped from and slicing deep into my psyche. All I had to do was appear, and it began.

Nearly eighty years since I had last descended, I left the heavens, scythe in hand. The journey to the mortal plane didn’t take time, not a physical distance to cross. Yet, it felt like an eternity. One moment, I didn’t exist and, the next, I appeared.

People surrounded me on all sides, as I towered above them. Thousands of people, full of happiness and joy and life. I counted the seconds for that to drain away, my presence a wildfire that devoured everything and left behind nothing more than the ash that stained my wings. Someone feared, hated, cursed, never to know anything but the screams of those clinging to their existence. That was my life, as the angel of death.

Only, the seconds stretched longer, and the atmosphere remained. Even as I looked around, I saw them looking at me, pointing at me. Yet, they showed no worry. It unsettled me, a snake confused why the mice didn’t run, so I did nothing more than look for now.

“Ah, sir? Sir? Can I get a picture?”

I heard the words, but it took me a moment to realise they were directed at me. Bowing my head, I spotted a young woman in front of me, a device in her hand. Curious, and unafraid in my own divinity, I saw no harm in what may come to pass from her, giving her my assent with a nod. Around us, some space opened up and she stood at my side.

“Do your wings do anything?” she asked.

No reason to hide them away, I stretched out those ashen wings of mine, feathers long-since dyed grey. Gasps came from the crowd, and I wondered if they finally understood. Except, rather than terror, excitement sprang forth in hushed whispers and admiring stares.

So close I could still hear her, she muttered, “Wow.”

I waited patiently for what came next, but all she did was apologise and hold out the device, angling the flat side towards us, and then she pressed a button. A strange sound played and nothing more.

“Thanks! That’s the most awesome costume I’ve seen!” she said, a grin shaping her lips as she stepped away.

I bowed my head, unsure of what else I could do to such a statement.

Then, the floodgates opened, and the space around me closed up as a dozen others took her place, begging to take a picture of their own. Overwhelmed, I felt the heat rise in me, wings smouldering, reminding me of my purpose here on this day.

Suddenly, a hand squeezed my shoulder, surprising both that someone would touch me and that they could reach that high. More surprising than that, the person didn’t scream out in agony, even as my divinity should have started to eat their flesh and bones. Instead, the man’s glove had corroded but nothing more. Dressed all over in red and black, face hidden behind a matching mask, he carried a sword on his back. Yet, I felt his gaze on me.

“Take it easy. They’re all here for a bit of fun, so what’s the harm in playing along, eh?”

As suddenly as he’d appeared, he left, disappearing into the crowd after giving me a pat on the back. His words lingered, though. I could see no harm in waiting. The passage of time didn’t exist in the heavens, this moment no different from the countless that both preceded and followed it. So then, I had no need to rush, the conclusion cooling me.

While I’d thought, the crowd came to thin around me. Some people said things like, “Give him space,” and, “No touching.” I didn’t know if that was specific to me or more general rules of this localised society; however, I appreciated it nonetheless.

Ushered by someone with some kind of authority, I soon found myself by a wall, rather than in the middle of the vast room. “Just let us know when you want to stop, okay?” she said.

I bowed my head, which seemed to satisfy her as she turned to the half-circle crowd. Picking a point, she split it there and announced it as the start of the queue, and some twenty or so people rushed over to line up. Letting the first person come forward, he stood at my side with a device held in front of him—like the woman had earlier.

One by one, with the odd two, the people in the queue did the same. Sometimes, they said something in passing. “Man, those wings are awesome.” “You’re so tall!” “Woah, that scythe looks so real.” Always, they said, “Thanks,” or, “Thank you.”

When the last person left, the lady that had set it all up started pushing away the crowd, helped by someone else wearing similar clothing. Some people lingered, their gaze flickering to me, but I had space around me and no one’s full attention on me, except for the lady’s.

“Ah, sorry about that. Everyone’s so quick to crowd awesome costumes, even after all our warnings,” she said, giving me a sheepish smile. Then, it turned shy. “Actually, if you don’t mind, can I get a photo? You’re the coolest fallen angel I’ve ever seen.”

Though she was incorrect about me being fallen, I bowed my head in assent anyway. Giddy, she half-ran to my side, standing on her tiptoes as she fumbled out her own device.

“Thank you, thank you!” she said, gaze fixated on the light coming from her device. “Ah, er, have fun and enjoy your visit and thank you for coming.” Her cheeks red, she blurted all that out and left me with a wave.

I waited by the wall, watching the crowd of people swell and thin, moving and yet staying inside, spinning in some haphazard way. No one ran from me, screamed in terror at the mere sight of me. Despite the incredible noise of it all, it had a quietness to it, peaceful. Even if I tried to, I didn’t think I could find the heat inside me any longer.

“It’s not so bad, eh? As long as they don’t think you’re real, it doesn’t matter how scary you are, they’ll still love you.”

Rather than give him a reply, I pulled my wings in behind me and held my scythe in front.

“The thing is, you’re actually not real. This is just a story someone’s writing. So, you don’t have to be the bad guy, you know? What the ending is, that’s in your hands. You get to choose. That sounds entirely wrong, I know, but you’re you and what happens happens because you’re you. Your personality can’t just change, so you have to be who you are right until the end. Make sense?”

His words jarred me, splitting my mind as what I saw became replaced with words, only for reality to reassert itself, bringing me back to the crowded room. Yet, a kind of freeness filled me as the strange vision faded. Rather than feeling like I could do anything, though, this freedom made me feel like I could feel however I wanted, selfish and indulgent.

“I want,” I said, the words coming out deep and hollow-sounding.

“Go on.”

Raising my gaze to the heavens, I said, “I want to forget the screaming.”

“Ah, well, I have a bottle of the good stuff you could drink, but I dunno if that’ll help.”

I smiled, perhaps for the first time in my existence. “Thank you.”

The heavens could wait for me, time nothing to it and yet everything to these people. Rather than their screams, I would hear their last breaths as their time ran out, no sooner. If I truly wanted that with all my being, then I would have it. I couldn’t say how many screams I’d heard, but, from now, no more.