I run this city.  I am both loved and feared by the people of Pacheco.  I started my organization with the genius of my little brother who is soon to be the next El Presidente, thanks to my generous support and connections. I was always careful not to involve my brother in any meetings with my business partners or rivals, and since we have different mothers, very few people even know that we are related.  

In my business, you can only climb the ladder of success by fighting for it and I have reached the summit of my mountain.  I have made many enemies over the years, most of whom are now long dead.  Some I brought to heel with outrageous bribes or devious politicking, but most of the time it was simply more cost effective to just have my sicarios kill them.  And that’s certainly what I’m best known for.  When I was younger I enjoyed the thrill of the fight; the animating contest of war.  But for most of the last decade I didn’t even have any rivals anymore, due to how effective my operation had become.  

But then I met her.  She was the daughter of a former rival that I had killed years ago.  She grew up with a hatred for the Cartels and had gone into the Federal Police as an idealist.  Somehow, she had avoided assassination for years while rising in the ranks and now she was a Captain in the local field office.  And she had no idea who I was.  This is the story of how I found love and loss.  

My men were at the door arguing with a police officer.  I wanted to avoid a scene at my little party so I quickly made my way to the entrance to see what the interruption was.  
“Good evening, Senorita!  I don’t remember any young female police officers on my guest list.  May I ask what brings you to my home?”  
“Good evening, Senor Felix.  Please forgive my not having an invitation.  I actually am in the habit of arriving in fancy houses like this unannounced but usually not when I am wearing heels,” she smirked at me before continuing,  “No I simply am trying to rub shoulders with the rich and powerful and I heard this would be a good place to try my luck.”  
“Well, Senorita I applaud your audacity!  Please forgive my overzealous servants.  You know how dangerous this city can be and they are simply… enthusiastic in keeping me safe.  Carlos, we are going to allow this young lady to attend tonight’s festivities, understood?”
“Si, Senor!”  
“Good.  Well let me show you around.  If meeting the rich and powerful is your goal, I am in the unique position as host to make sure that you get exactly what you want.  One thing though, I don’t do business with strangers.  What is your name?”  
“Forgive me Senor.  My name is Karisa.  Mucho gusto!”  
“Mucho gusto, Karisa!  Well, you already know who I am, so let’s go impress you with all my fancy friends!”  I quipped.  
Looking back now, I am ashamed to say that I couldn’t think of anything more clever than that.  I normally have no problems keeping my cool but this woman just had me feeling off somehow.  At the time I didn’t know what it was that was dulling my wits.  So I did what I always did and simply ignored the variables that I couldn’t account for until I had more information.

I knew practically nothing of this mysterious young lady at the time except that she was beautiful.  Her name was not common in Colombia but that meant nothing.  Plenty of parents named their kids after gringo movie stars or exotic places across the world.  And female police Captains weren’t as rare as you would think.  For the simple reason being that they tended to get assassinated far less frequently than their male counterparts.  But one as beautiful and young as this Karisa?  Well, what would life be without surprises?  

I was already planning how I would convince her to stay after the party while I introduced her to my friends, business partners and sycophants.  Actual members of the Cartel were barred entry to these parties but my legitimate businesses were well represented.  I expected Karisa to be hopelessly dependent on me for introductions but again she surprised me.  She effortlessly opened up every group that we approached and became the center of attention every time. 

But then she really surprised me, “Senores, I’m actually from here.  I grew up on a hacienda on the north side of the Emerald river.”
I blurted out, “The north side?  Impossible.  I know everyone from the north side.”  

The north side of the river was the most aristocratic and elite area in the valley.  There weren’t even suburbs there, it was only large estates with big homes.  I would know, most of the residents there these days work for me.  

“Felix,” she said as though we were old friends, “I did I swear!  My father owned mines and several plantations and we were very comfortable before he died.  After that, we were turned out and so we moved to Bogota to live with my grandparents.  But until I was 14, I lived in Pacheco.  I came back here to avenge my father.”  
I couldn’t tell if she was joking or not.  Her eyes were so dark and beautiful it was hard to pay attention to body language or anything else.  But a claim like that simply begged the question, “Senorita, who do you intend to avenge yourself on?”

“El Cartel de Pacheco, who else?” she answered with so much venom in her voice, a few of the men in the group actually took a step back.  
And then as her meaning dawned on us, everyone around us grew silent.  None knew who I really was, but they all knew that crusading police officers or politicians who fought the Cartel inevitably failed and met gruesome deaths.  Eventually they began muttering their admiration for her and wished her luck.  
I finally asked, “Who was your father?”  
“Daniel Guzman Sandoval.”
I knew the name.  We had never been close or archrivals or anything but he had been leader of a rival operation long before Pacheco was a major crime capital.  Killing him and absorbing his organization wasn’t what made me #1, but it was a step in my long climb to the top.  I had no idea how to respond though.  Did she know everything and was she just trying to entrap me?  Was she truly naïve to who her father really was?  Did she think she could actually hurt the Cartel?  

So I took a calculated risk and said nothing of value, “the name sounds familiar but I can’t be sure.  I do so much business with so many people, you must forgive me if I can’t remember.  Despite my poor memory, I am certain your father was a good man and I am sorry to hear of your loss.”  
“Thank you, Senor.  I hear that kind of thing so often it usually feels hollow but right now, I genuinely felt your sympathy.  I appreciate that,” she finished as she took my hand.  And I was lost.  

Later that night, we were standing on my veranda overlooking the valley and the mountains on the far side.  I loved to stand here and take in the natural splendor and contrast provided by my city and the nature that surrounds it.  
“You think I’m a fool, don’t you?”  she asked me.  
“Why would I think that?  You’re clever as a fox and even a beautiful woman must have some claws to rise in the ranks in the Federal Police.”
“You think I’m doomed if I follow through with my personal mission against the Cartel.”

I pondered it for a moment.  Normally, anyone making threats along those lines would indeed be able to count what days remained to them on one hand but I knew something that Karisa didn’t know.  In fact I knew someone Karisa didn’t know.  My cousin Sancho was commander of my sicarios, my hitmen.  He wouldn’t order the killing of a police officer ranked Sergeant or above without my approval.  Which didn’t look very likely with this mysterious, idealistic woman wrapping her fingers around my heart.  
“I think you are giving yourself one hell of a job to do.  Let me put it to you this way, when men and mountains meet, which inevitably yields?”
“Felix, that’s hardly a fair comparison.  I have assets that most don’t…” She winked mischeviously at me before continuing,  “I have my power as a Captain in the police, my newfound friends within high society… and you.”  
“And me huh?  And just what makes you so sure I will help you?”
She beckoned me even closer with her delicate fingers and so I leaned in.  She moved toward my side as if to whisper in my ear and then last second turned my head and pulled me in for a kiss.  How the hell she managed to kiss me before I kissed her is still a mystery to me but it did what she intended for it to do.  I was powerless.  After the first kiss she pulled back and now it was my turn to take the initiative.  I leaned even closer but she put a finger on my lips and said she didn’t want to scandalize herself in front of my guests and I did my best to avoid looking disappointed.  So she took my hand and led me back into my home where she continued to torture me for another hour or so before the party wound to a close.  

As she was leaving I was finally able to give her a kiss on her way out the door.  She then reached into her purse and handed me a business card and told me to contact her soon.  And then she was gone.  My guards were all grinning at me and Jose, another cousin and my head of personal security came up and slapped me on the back, “Hey Cuz, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you blush before!  I hope you don’t mind if I angled all the security cameras on your face and will be sharing some photos with everyone at the next family get together!”  
