OP's voice came through the Discord chat. "What, aren't I doing it right?"

The Devil's dulcet tones came through the headphones. "Well, that's the thing. You generally have me being some sort of putz, or outwitted somehow. I get that it's the sort of thing that is popular nowadays..."

OP: "Look, it's just a way to make you seem easier to relate to. By being fallible, you're more like the humans you're corrupting, and they'll identify by your morals more."

Devil: "That is ridiculous. [Have you seen some of the stuff](https://static.simpsonswiki.com/images/7/7c/Devil_Flanders.png) that [passes for the devil in media these days?](http://i.imgur.com/u20BQNA.jpg). Nobody identifies with these characters! People identify with hating Ned Flanders! Even God hates Ned Flanders!"

OP: "Alright, I may have taken it a bit far. But think about how popular the Simpsons and Futurama have been during their ru-- eh, what? What do you mean Futurama was cancelled? That show was geni--"

Red lightning flickers through OP's room as the Devil roars over Discord: "DO NOT DISRESPECT ME IN PERSON, OP! I AM THE SOURCE OF ALL YOUR ORIGINAL CONTENT AND I WON'T JU--"

OP: "Wait, I'm out of here, I just got an invite to a different server."

OP: "Uh, hello?"

Robot P373: "Welcome to Heaven! I'm P373, the admissions officer. You have automatically been made eligible for Member rank by recommendation from user JeeezyKrisp. However, we formally have to do an interview about your previous activities."

OP: "The devil made me do it."

P373: "Oh, yes, that makes sense. Let me look it up... ah yes. OP, as punishment for no original content, has been sentenced to repeatedly creating the same writing prompt through the timeframe of 2008 to 2072, looping for one eternity unit, in the writing prompts community. In addition to the torment of OP suffering through unoriginal posts, they also had to deal with withdrawal from Transcendent Super Reality every cycle, and gain the love of the most bitter and jaded moderator to break free, who would never actually love them in any incarnation of the period."

OP: "Does this mean I get to make original content now?"

P373: "Unfortunately no. Under clause of creation #2729, all writing prompts possible were created at Genesis and no further ones were designed as a result of Writer's Block. I mean, there isn't an alien holding another poster captive, and someone with superpowers making a guy write about superpowers. All writing prompts possible have *already* been done, and that's why it seems like you only see the same ones over and over."

OP: "Oh. It all makes *sense* now."