*I'm an engineering student, so I'm doing it from that point of view.*

I dropped my guard and swung my leg out in a round kick, extending it out as far as possible for the maximum moment arm. My opponent swung when he saw an opening, placing all his weight on his front leg as my kick connected and swept his main support out from under him. His arms flailed as he fell to the ground and all it took was a falling elbow with the force of my weight behind it to finish the fight.

A bell dinged. "And the winner is Seize the Moment!"

I stepped out of the makeshift ring and went to walk through the crowd when someone stopped me.

"You don't look that strong. I bet I could beat you in the ring," the thin guy who now stood in front of me said.

I looked him up and down, assessing his thin shoulders and short limbs. This should be a piece of cake.

"Alright," I smirked. "Easy money."

The announcer perked up as I strode back into the ring, my new opponent entering behind me. "Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like we have a very special bout for you tonight. Your champion, Seize the Moment will take on The Hyppocritic Oath!"

Wait, what? This guy's a fighter? I looked him over again, thinking there be might something about him I missed. He had no muscle to speak of, and was too skinny to be able to generate much force in his swings. Still, he must be good at something.

The bell dinged and we started circling each other. The 'Oath' moved like a fighter, keeping his hands up and making sure his feet never crossed. He was cautious waiting for me to make a move.

I closed on him and swung my body with a hook but he dodged out of the way and struck my elbow. My arm started tingling. The bastard had hit my funny bone!

I backed up as the tingling subsided. It was clear this guy knew something about anatomy, but it didn't matter. There was no way I was letting him beat me.

The fight wore on. I managed a few good hits but he just took them and kept striking at my pressure points. I could feel myself slowing down, and then I got hit with a wave of dizziness. Wait, when did I last drink any water?

The 'Oath' seemed to notice my dizziness and smirked. "You should've had a rest before getting back in the ring," he taunted me. "I've been watching you and you haven't had a drink for the last three fights. You're getting dehydrated."

He circled me as I slowed. I felt weak and I couldn't concentrate. "You feel like you're about to faint. You can't swing as hard, you're sluggish," he continued. "Didn't think a med student would be able to beat an engineer, did you?"

The 'Oath' moved in to finish the fight. I tried to push him away but I couldn't muster the strength. He slipped behind me and got me in a choke hold. I had to get out this.

Wait, why didn't I take advantage of *his* anatomy? I swung my fist down, seeking a very specific target and finding it. My opponent let go of his hold and I spun around. I raised my knee as he doubled over, resulting in a satisfying thud as his own momentum forced his head straight into my strike. The 'Oath' collapsed and didn't get back up.

The bell dinged, but I didn't pay any attention. I needed some water.