I saw the glimmer in her eyes fade and felt her body go numb. A moment before she was shouting and full of energy. And now, nothing. To see it disappear like that made me hollow inside and gave me a dreadful insight into the fragility of life. I sat there with her body in my arms as the rain poured for what must've been close to a half an hour. I was cold and started to shiver as her body didn't give any more heat off either.

A beautiful old woman she was, wearing but some old rags and no shoes. I couldn't help but wonder what had led to this. What stuck out like a neon light in the dark of the night were the frames of her glasses which were probably made from ivory or something very similar. They had this really beautiful pattern and a shine to them and were totally at odds with the rest of her attire. As I took them off I could immediately see that the world they filtered through was bright and colorful, although it was close to midnight. I naively put them on and what I saw changed my life for good. I couldn't bear it for more than a second, though, that overwhelming and powerful the sight was. It took me nearly a minute to see anything now, since the contrast between the scene it portrayed and the dark street with a few dim street lamps was just enormous. As I regained my sight I was utterly blown away by what had just happened. I didn't even feel the hands on my shoulders or heard him speak until he started shaking me. There was a man squatting in front of me asking do we need help. I told him she was dead.

The police came, then the ambulance. I told them what had happened. They didn't question me nor wanted my testimony, and seemed quite indifferent as for the causes of her death. That was probably because of the way she looked and the fact that some homeless person dies here every week or so. They took her away and for some reason I felt a part taken away from me.

That night I didn't sleep. I would just lay on my bed, stunned. I wondered if the glasses made her die like this. It didn't feel bad at all seeing through those things however. Just intense. In fact it reminded me of taking LSD but multiplied by a thousand. Everything was so full of colors, just bursting at you like from a cannon. And I felt huge respect towards her for holding them on like it was nothing. Well she did scream and die, but still. I wanted to put them on, but knew I had to wait, because I was not ready yet, mentally. And I had no idea what else they had in store for me so I needed to be patient.

What happened next, and I kick myself for this to this day, was simply unfortunate. I left the glasses on my bed and got a sandwich from the kitchen. I came back and managed to sit on them. They broke, those fragile frames. The lenses themselves were intact but the frames in pieces. It was awful. I did glue them back together. You couldn't even notice the repairs. But the effect was gone. Now they were just some normal glasses with cool frames. The good thing though was that now I could wear them without a problem. Even now I do sometimes wear them, although there's nothing wrong with my eyesight. They're to correct nearsightedness, if you're wondering.