I spent the first ten years trying to devise a sustainable means by which to trap the djinn and extract wishes. It was a waste of time, one minute per day lost. I quickly discovered that I could read and ingest information at a frightening speed, and spent two years absorbing quantum loop gravity, zero point energy, some of the subtler implications of knot theory. I was convinced that the djinn use traversable wormholes to appear and disappear, and these wormholes were central to their ability to grant wishes. Why they granted wishes, I didn't (and would never) understand.

When I began to formulate my own theory, it was one minute per day, every day. At first I tried to hold onto that productive energy and continue beyond 20:17, but I found that it meant the next day's minute was wasted revising my mistakes. So I devised a method in which I would very quickly outline the formulation process for a phase of theory in a single minute, and spend subsequent minutes completing the steps of the outline. This was how I developed an efficient means by which to identify exotic matter. Then the detection of wormholes. Then, the use of exotic matter to close both ends of a wormhole but maintain its stability. A wormhole prison.

At the end of the tenth year, I had an epiphany: I had no idea what I was talking about. My theoretical framework, and the frameworks upon which it was built, were hopelessly primitive. I was gathering shells at the edge of an enormous sea I would never understand, because at that point, I estimated that I had 182 hours of productivity left. That minute was the most productive bout of sorrow and despair I have ever experienced.

I got drunk.

The next day, hungover and hopeless, I waited for the torment of 20:17. And when it came, I had nothing to do. But the window was open, and I could hear a mockingbird weaving elaborate melodies in a darkening tree.  It was summer, and the air was sharp with pollen and invisible dust sweetened by heat and sunlight. In all of my 20:17s, I had never been still long enough to listen.

For the rest of my life, I spent one minute every day brilliantly listening. I travelled just to observe places for a single moment. A pineapple ripening in the island sun. The subtle flap of laundry on the line. Those boys on a park bench, secretly in love. Once, I ate a plum at 20:17, and what moved through me wasn't genus and species, or a visualization of its ripening process, or a contemplation about the metric that describes the shape of this fruit.  What ran through me was sweetness, the tart ache in the back of my jaws, the dark sugar that filled my throat. What ran through me was the plum.

Every moment is the plum. I will die with this dark sugar in my mouth.