"Well, here you go." 

Dji shrugged her shoulders, then snapped her fingers. A white vignette crept into my vision and slowly overtook everything into a blinding light. With a loud *thoom*, I found myself. Literally. I was standing in front of myself and Dji. 

"Dji, what the hell?! "

My past self and Dji stared at me. 

" Uh... " she pointed behind me. 

There was *my* Dji. 

"You asked for me to take you to the moment before you made your biggest mistake. That was your wish. You could have wished for anything in the entire universe. I could end the entire concept of suffering. I could make it so no person goes hungry or homeless ever again. I could get you and your family a literal mountain of gold and jewels, and I could do it every day for the rest of eternity. I could make you immortal. Invincible. I could save one person in history or all of history. 

AND YOU ASK ME TO, ahem," she transformed into another version of me. "take me back to the moment before I made my biggest mistake." It was my voice, but a much more mocking tone. 

"WHAT KIND OF VAGUE OPINIONATED BULLCRAP IS THAT?! How am I supposed to know what you consider your biggest mistake?! I'm not going to sort through your freaking head. You tell me what you want, I do it. Boom. That's the deal. You might as well have said "I wish you would tell me what I should wish for." Your biggest mistake was made less than a minute ago when those words left your lips. So here it is. You missed a chance to do whatever you want or get what you need in your life for the rest of eternity. "

She poofed back into her normal self. "You're lucky I'm a nice Djin. I could have sent you here to look at your stupidity without an explanation and a wasted wish. But no. I'm feeling nice and condescending today so you get another shot. No timey wimey b.s. Excuse me." 

She went over to herself and said something in a language I couldn't make out. 

Past-Dji gave a familiar shrug. "Guess that works since I technically haven't given this exact kid a wish yet."  She walked over to me and pat me on the head. "well, feel like making a wish this time, Sport?" 

"Sure"

----