Unlike most resets, this one made its reason clear very early.  
The man who was waving a gun in my face was getting more irate as the minutes passed.  He kept calling me "Andrew" and demanding I open the briefcase he'd brought.  I had spent my portion of the conversation attempting to convince him my name was in fact Jacob and I didn't know anything about a briefcase, to which his only response was shooting my leg and telling me to "stop messing around".  
In the corner of my vision was 7212, a constant reminder that I've had quite a few tries to get this right and have failed.  Mingling with the number was the red and blue of police lights, followed by an officer on a megaphone initializing hostage negotiations.  Realizing he was running out of time, the man slid the heavy metal briefcase towards me and ordered me to open it or die.  
Now, I am not stupid.  With a power like this, I made sure to be able to make the most of it.  I made a set of rules to be read every morning, just in case of situations like this: "Always start at the beginning", "Go sequentially", things like that.  I used the number like a counter or a label.  When I was younger, I would reset whole days for little things like guessing the correct number a friend was thinking of.  Getting the counter up to 7 just to guess 7 was worth it back then for the look on his face.  That's why a feeling of relief washed over me when I saw the briefcase lock.  Four spinning dials numbered 0 through 9.  I could work with this, I *had* worked with this before.  Confidently I spun each dial to its place, seven two one two, knowing that if it was wrong, I was at least over half way there.  
Outside, the police had located the real Andrew, and were having him try to reason with the man, who he called Hank.  Hank said he would only release me if Andrew gave him the lock code, but the police argued that I had to be let to safety first.  When 7212 didn't work, I spun the last dial to 3 and then 4, hoping I was just a few away now.  As the police and Andrew started advancing closer to the doors of the building, I could see Hank becoming more and more nervous, his finger hovering near the trigger.  When the doors were burst open, gunfire rang out around me, and in the crossfire I took a shot to the stomach.  As my vision faded and I prepared to reset, I heard Andrew shout out "It's seven two one one! Seven two one one!" like he was trying to bargain it against my death.  And then I realized.  
Seven two one...**one**?  
Fuck  
