My teddy bear slowly stands up, then looks at it’s stuffed arms as if surprised.

“Am I a Teddy Bear?” It says, it’s voice oddly distorted, but not in a way my brain can comprehend, as if I were not capable of truely hearing its voice.

“Uh... Yeah...” I stammer. My teddy bear is speaking. To me. It’s MOVING. I’ve really lost it this time. The teaddy bear turns its fluffy head in my direction.

“You couldn’t have picked a statue or maybe a crucified witch or something more... fun?” It snaps at me. A crucified WITCH?! What is he saying. What am /I/ saying? 

“How are you-“ I mumble, but get cut off.

“The ritual. You did the ridtual, right? The symbol, then you call out the name of the power you wish to summon... Obviously that’s what you did. I’m here, you got me, now what do you want”He taps his little stuffed food, as if impatient.

“But I didn’t...” But once again I am cut short.

His stuffed paw suddenly whips out unfathomably fast. At first I feel as though it will somehow harm me, but nothing happens. That is, until I see my notebook being /ripped/ out of my backpack, paper and supplies flying out of the new hole in my now destroyed backpack. My mouth hangs open wider than it feels possible, but just about hits the floor as my notebook procedes to burst into flames before my eyes. The flame is unbelievably bright, and the heat warms the whole room almost immediately. The fire, ashes and smoke subside as quickly as they appear, and only one page remains, somehow untouched by the fires. On it, a scibbling I drew out of boredome one day in world history class.

“See? Right here, the symbol, the letters, hell even the penmanship is spot on to the original, I’m honestly impressed” He says, before adding “and I’m not as dishonest as they say I am, kid. You’ll just have to trust me on that one.”

“But... That was just a... scibbling! A doodle, nothing else” I exclaim.

My possessed bear looks at the drawing, then back at me, slowly and deliberately.

“No, no way, you wanted to summon the devil kid, just admit it”

“Why would I /want/ that?!”

“You tell me, this is just about a replica of the original ritual peice, and you’re sitting here trying to tell me it was an /accident/?”

“YES”

We stare at each other what feels like ages. His fur seems to float as though gravity itself is not wanting to interact with this being, even though to me it is still simply a teddy bear. A teddy bear possessed by the devil himself, but still.

“Well, I’m here, so now what” He mutters. The page disintegrates effortlessly, and he plops himself down on my bed, his bear arms crossed in what would be a menacing pose if his form were truer to what he really was.

“Well... since you’re here....” Suddenly, my options seem limitless.