I awake to Ships, innumerable ships. The beginning of the end. I didn't understand the importance at the time, but the rise of Nanban's flourishing trade economy wrought strife for just as many as fortune. The seafaring ways of westerners introduced us to many new, glorious goods....and dangers. This way of life was something I was born into. Or more accurately reborn...

I apologize for the background, you see, in my culture we start at the apex of our tale. At the present, I am torn between what I believe are two worlds. Rengoku and the substandard existence I once had. I don't often experience fear, as a youth I was trained as a swordsman in the emperors' army. The katana and kama my brothers. This wasn't fear I was experiencing, it was more tragic than that. Doom. That is the knot in my stomach. 

In darkness my eyes adjust acutely, but its not enough to see much. Other than the torch roughly 50 paces from me, I had little context of my surroundings. There was a noticeable odor projected about the space;  found it somewhat indistinguishable, sweet yet metallic. 

Iron-       Blood-      Death. 

It was familiar, once spending some time in its midst it was almost comforting​. To have something I knew so well at my side. I set forward at a turtles pace. Scanning my surroundings, ready for what may come. For the environment, or more specifically for Yama, I must've taken to long at my current rate. The torch was getting closer at a pace much faster than I proceeded. In an instant it was before me, held by a sprightly fellow. I would ask where I was, but I found myself inexplicably silent. Before another thought passed, the man grabbed my wrist. I couldn't move or resist. I was ready, the final conflict, Yama was coming.

The man raised my arm and thrust the torch into my open palm. Immediately years, decades, eons rushed passed my consciousness. Pausing briefly at moments in history. My memory isn't what it once was..... I remember a rather robust man casting lightning from what appeared to me as a smiths hammer... A young boy, being granted a westerners sword by a beautiful water sprite.... Then it stopped. 

Here it is, I thought. Kama is coming. The foreboding feeling of doom sank in my depths. Shortly after my passage through time I felt a cold, slender hand place itself gently on my shoulder. I was once again in a vegetative state. I was given a choice. To slip consciously into the nothingness that awaited, but then.....

I was shown great tragedy falling on my previous homeland. Capitalization of trade to Japan had reduced my clan to a beaten husk. There was complete disrespect for my culture and the way of the samurai. I felt emotion for the first time since the impending doom of entering this hall. Noticing now its great adornments, the room had become well lit and shone brightly. 

I felt rage in my soul upon return to myself. I felt a gentile nudge forward from the spirit on my shoulder.   The hall narrowed and I struck forward at a brisk pace. Doom turned to excitement, rage turned to passion. I find an inscription reading:

"Take your stand against the newcomers.
  For the repulse of western civilization.  
                  The demon sword. 
 
                   For Hittori Hanzo"