"Greetings, Mr. Hereford! My name is Dr. Osiris, thank you for coming to my office. How may I be of your service?" I motioned towards my bare office. I quite liked the office. Once I had a butcher to cure, and he said that my room looked exactly like his slaughterhouse: Tiled all around, even the ceiling with a metal bed bolted down to the middle, with only a small cabinet on the far side of the surgery. He was right but I was sad he noticed.

"Thank you, Doctor. I have had severe headache for at least 2 weeks now and It's driving me crazy."

"All right, I'll take a look at you, please get undressed and lay down on the table." As he did, I asked Emily, my assistant how much did he pay: The rich usually took the care package, where I put them into sleep with a cyanide pill. It was expensive and relatively painless: Around half a minute of agony, then silence. The second option was for the middle class: When they laid down, they got a hit to their had with a bat, and during while they slept, I suffocated them with a pillow. Not much struggle, takes about 2-3 minutes. And for the poor: Just strangle them with a leather belt. I'm a monster anyway, so why not just enjoy it a little more? Memory loss almost always happens during necromancy, so might as well take my time. Although memories can be restored it requires more concentration and energy. This is why I only use cyanide when retaining memories is required. 

"Mr. Hereford paid for the Common package, Dr. Osiris." replied Emily. "Thank you, that's all, please wait outside."

Not even she knew about me. As the patient laid on the metal bench, I went to the cabinet and opened it. When I turned back with my bat, I saw him sitting up and turning towards me. He was huge, I was truly afraid what would happen if he saw me with the bat."Hey Doc, I get a vertigo when I...."

He wanted to finish, but I was already running towards him with the bat, trying to hit him on the head. He somehow blocked and I felt some bones snap in his arm. He screamed extremely loudly but I already prepared myself for the second strike. I hit him exactly on the top of his had, but he was still awake. This brute had very thick skull. I dropped my bat and ran back to my cabinet for the ax. It wasn't even mine, it was the old butcher's. I turned around just to find him charging towards me with the bat I dropped. I ducked to avoid the hit, then immediately hit him with the ax on his neck. He collapsed at that instant but was still conscious. A second hit on his head did the trick, he didn't move again.

I somehow managed to put him back on the bench. Note to self: Always strap the patient. I cleaned the surgery off his blood, then began the ritual: Draw a heptagram with goat blood, and place black candles on its corners. Everybody assumed you need a pentagram for necromancy. It was only for the body to rise, but I also needed to heal them and for this you needed one extra Pilon Of Darkness. Without it, you'd only get an injured body to be raised back. But even after, you needed to get the soul. This is what almost no one knew how to do it, but is very simple: Add one more Pilon, and you get to get everything back. The ritual took about 17 minutes, as always. After he woke up, I asked how he felt:"I don't remember how I got here" thats nice, I thought."Don't worry. You had a bad headache. You may experience some pain in your head, neck and arms, but you'd be all right in under a few days.""Thank you, Doc, I think you saved my life!" I can never hide a giggle when I hear this."This is why I'm here. If you or your friends have any issue, please recommend me.""Sure Doc, you are the best."

As he went outside, Emily gave me suspicious look. I explained to her how curing someone can be painful, but I suspect she doesn't really believed me. She called the next patient and told me: He had paid for the least expensive one. As I looked outside towards my Foyer, Almost everyone was from lower classes. I sighted and with a small smile, I went after my next patient: Today will be a fun day.

EDIT: Thank you guys for the suggestions, I made some of them :)