I step forward into a well lit bar.  The place is completely empty except for Al Pachino sitting on a bar stool under a pin spot on the center stage wailing on a harmonica.  I look down and I’m dressed in a perfectly tailored three piece suit, and my shoes glow in the light softened by red gels.  Al is now playing hook and I feel myself being pulled toward the stage; when I’m but a few feet from it another pin spot finds me and bathes me in brilliant white light.  The music stops. 

I look up at him and say, “Wh…”

The man’s lips curl around his mouth, “Who am I?”  He extended his hand and a flaming glass of liquid appeared.  He blew the flame out and took a sip from the glass.  “You know who I am, and you know where you are, now say it.” 

“I’m…I’m…” 

“Come on now, say it like you’ve got a pair,” He demanded. 

“I’m dead.  There was an accident, and a fire, and I didn’t survive,” I spoke each word as if I were learning the information as I was explaining it.  “So is this what, a weigh station for my next life?” 

Al laughed, “No, you lived your life, your one shot.  Was it everything you wanted?” 

“No, not by a long shot.  So if I don’t go on, is this heaven?” 

He shook his head, “Nope. You my friend are in hell, and me? I’m the Devil, Satan, Lucifer, so on and so on.” 

“Al Pachino isn’t even dead yet… wait, why the fuck am I in hell?” I yelled as my emotions shifted from confused to angry. 
He sighed and snapped his fingers turning into the Robot Devil from futurama, “Is this better?” He snapped again and flashed over to a more standard, red pitchfork wielding redheaded woman.  “How about this?” 

“Fine, you’re the Devil, I’m in hell, the question is why?” 

“You didn’t believe in anything.  None of the religions are right, but you didn’t believe in any of them, or anything.  You didn’t have to believe in the dogma of the religion, but Bill wanted you to believe in him.” 

“Fuck, so I’m stuck here, for an eternity? Where is Hitler, Stalin, Bea Arthur?  Why is it so empty in here? Wait, Bill?”  I shook my head in disbelief.  

“Yeah, god’s name is Bill.  The reason it’s empty in here is because if you believe in Bill you take the express lane over there, straight to whatever version of heaven you can imagine.” 

“So, Bill sent me to hell because I didn’t believe in him.  That sounds a little spiteful, right?  What are you in for?” 

“You’re familiar with the gatekeeper?” The beautiful woman asked. 
“Dana from Ghostbusters, Sigourney Weaver?”  I asked. 

The woman faded into Zuul then jumped off the stage to stand in front of me and in that voice asked, “Are you a god?” Instantly she began to laugh. 

I laughed just as hard and then said, “Ray, when someone asks if you’re a god, you say yes!” I slapped her on the shoulder and laughed some more. 

Zuul faded into a man with a long flowing white beard holding a scroll and quill pen, in front of us on the stage gates began to form from the shadows.  “I was thinking more like Saint Peter.  That’s more or less who I am.  I am the gatekeeper between the world you came from and the afterlife. “ 

“Does everyone get in?” I asked.  

“Most, but there are a few who don’t feel they’re ready, or some that are so paranoid they expect it to be a test.  So they just sit here praying silently to themselves.” 

I glanced around the bar and said, “But we’re alone.” 

“Are we?” The old man shifted back into the form of Al Pachino and ascended back to his bar stool perch on the stage.  With a wave of his hand, suddenly the bar was filled with people from all different walks of life. 

The bar now had a young topless woman. her arms tattooed in full sleeves behind the counter drinking liquid in and spiting it out across an open flame, a bright orange fireball passed over the bar.  The people sitting on stools ducked and instinctively before sitting back up.   Another table had nuns praying the rosary, next to them another group of Hasidic Jews murmured among themselves keeping nearly silent vigil.  There were men in suits wandering toward me, and women in every manner of outfit from short black dress to full length ball gown.  I turned back to Al and when I did the noises died down all around me as the people vanished. 

Al looked down at me as I looked up at him and he played a short riff on the glimmering harmonica, and when he finished he said, “Do you recognized Bill to be your creator, and responsible for all that you are?” 

“If I did, that would mean I didn’t believe in free will.  I can’t do that, I’m every bit as responsible for who I am as some absentee father figure.  So no, I can’t say that.” 

“You do realize that you’ll be banished to this place for all eternity right?” 

I smiled and said, “Bring back the people, and lets get this party started.   Do you take requests? How about The Devil Went Down to Georgia?”
 
“Not that fucking song, do you think I could be beaten in a contest? I’ve been doing this for eons you think Charlie Daniels with fifty years of practice is going to beat me? Fuck that guy.” 
