I can hear the crunching of bones and flesh in my right ear, and I'm getting impatient. He better bloody leave me some. These hungry, little arseholes never leave any good scraps.


 
 "Damn, Jerry. Take it easy. You stick to this bit here."

 I unpluck his wet, red mouth from the thigh and onto the cranium. Gently, I've since found out he can be quite sensitive in his own ways.

 "Brains...brains? Brains."

 " There you go, that's right. " 

We were just two hungry, disasters of evolution, cramped in a dingy train station toilet cubicle, eating a guy. It took us some time to find this one, he'd been living in a bathroom stall covered with duct tape and all sorts of buffer materials to block out the scent. Sat there, on his toilet without a lid all day, literally crapping himself at the sound of me knocking the door. I had to give Jerry a piece of old hand bone to keep him occupied as he stayed outside and I inspected. I wasn't expecting much. 

As I walked in, I heard the sound of the small heel on my pink sandal hitting the tiled floor. His breathing was immediately spotted, so I decided to start crying softly. His stall was obnoxiously there, a sad attempt of disappearing in a world ready to eat him. They forgot that they were ever predators in a world of excess empathy. Ironically, I felt bad for him, in the way he'd feel guilt at eating a big Mac but still enjoy the hell out of it.
 
He had not realised that the biggest danger would be isolation. Even I know that. I've bumped into so many of my kind, laughing and thinking I'm a lunatic for Jerry.  They tell me that it's just extra responsibility, but you know, I think it's worth it. Sometimes he does the funniest things, like the way after he's done eating from a crushed skull he'll use his cute decaying hand to give me some leftovers. He doesn't really know how to show affection, but I know it's there, it's just hidden in his carnivorous nature. 

He kept quiet, and I knew he was just questioning whether I was there. He tried to breath through the obvious sound of tears. Most likely, it wasn't the first time he had heard anything due to his inherit, self-destructive human psyche. They can't go it alone, their brains start pretending that they're not. Poor human, if they didn't taste really nice maybe I would keep it. I heard they'd make a good addition to Jerry. I could even have conversations with him.

Then again, my friend Drakondia said that when she tried to keep one, she found him boring. He got comfortable and kept talking 'at' her instead of 'with' her, so there was more excitement in eating him instead. Made it taste better by the way he didn't expect it, less adrenaline messing with the flavour. In all honesty though, she's bloody rude as hell even to her own kind, so I doubted she'd be able to cope with what it takes to look after one anyway. 

It was best to get to the stall as quickly as possible, it was more human to be frantic over finding another human. I heard the shit hit the pot in the most literal sense. Humans, in my experience, don't have much need for dignity before they die.

I knocked on the stall and breathed deeply, to make sure he could hear my practiced sound of 'innocent yet terrified '. Drakondia said something amusing about this the other day. That we're like how cats used to mimic the sound of their babies crying in order to get food. I can never fully get it right, but it's close enough. Hey, it works. Not 'Human Drama Reenactment Troop'' level, but most of the time they're too scared to wonder why my voice doesn't have any warmth to it.

 He finally spoke.

 "Look, if you're fucking there, leave. I can't, I can't listen. I can't hear, right now. I can't, just fucking go. ...There's no saving us" 

I always appreciate the swearing. A lot of them go full 'praying to the lord' in an attempt to pretend that they're going to be saved. If they were to be saved, they would have been by now. I'm sure in some sense they know this, he certainly did.

It's sad that it's all that the 'left behind' have left to do, just forcibly banging on the locked door of their father's home. He's certainly not my dad, and in all honesty it's seems better to not have one than one who watches you being devoured by me and Jerry. But, that's just my opinion. 

I hype up the crying. "I can't live running anymore, I'm so alone. Let me help you. Everything is going to be ok if we work together. Please, I don't want to die like that, please. I don't want to die, I don't want to die. Don't let me die."

It was surprising that he even responded to that, I truly thought I messed up my delivery. I hear the duct tape over the top of the stall being pulled away at, so he could get a safe view of me. They can't help it when it's a young voice, and they can't help it when it's a woman. Their brain, in the stress and loneliness, decides to foolishly believe I could count as a resource. His entire body understands the existential threat of the world he's been thrown into, and he needs me to keep them alive.

 People get horny when they know they're going to die, even more so when it's their entire race. We keep many of them thinking that they're safe, in hidden barns and communities, and the amount of offspring they produce is great for us. The undead would have had them all, we keep the livestock so we don't end up getting hungry later.

So, the rest is quite self explanatory. We kiss, I bite his neck. I hadn't actually done this before, I thought it perpetuates the stereotype that we're the sluttier of the immortal beings roaming the earth right now. But, you know, after the crapping himself incident I thought it'd be nicer if he went..a sexier way. Give the guy dignity that he didn't really deserve, but whatever. Aw, god, you should have seen how excited little Jerry was when I called him to come in. He's never said 'brains' with such unbridled joy and appreciation. 

Now, we're finished with him, and we're off to meet Drakondia in the pub.

I can't wait to tell her how I actually pulled that kissing move on him. She's going to be in hysterics. 



