When I saw her laying lifeless on the street, her clothes and features streaked with crimson, something shattered within me; and the shards poured, heavy and unforgiving, down intangible places hidden in the inmost burrows of my heart; they tore, ripped me apart as if I was no more than an old rag. 

Her death unleashed a new pain. It didn't burn, nor did it sting, but I begged for it do so, because the flames could be quenched, and the stings hurt and faded, but this affliction I could not bear, for it was everlasting, a boulder forever lodged in my core, weighing me down, turning my back into a mound. It was longing and it was grief, and their voices were louder than screams, and they didn't know of silence.

And so I reached for them, submerged my mind into their realms of discords and tears, and there I found a murk deep and wide as a winter night. I moved, swam, and waded, pulling the shadows apart, seeking for their mouths so I could smother them, until they didn't shout anymore, and then I could live in peace again.

But amidst the blackness I found light. It was small, a pinprick and not more. I reached for it, stretched, and in its core my wife's arms awaited. They were opened, and in them I melted, knowing, in ways I can't explain, that in between them I would spend my eternities. 

And I smiled.

But soon the light faded, her arms let me go, and I left that strange place. I shook my head. The carpet of my room was soft against my back. What was I doing here? Why was I on the floor? I rose to my feet, my eyes slid to the bed by my side, and there I found my wife, laying immobile, her face thin and pale.

I shook her awake, yet there she remained, limp and irresponsive. After touching her neck, I knew she was gone, and again the screams bloomed and clawed, and in their realms I dissolved once again, only to be pulled back into the real world in the brevity of a breath.

This time, our backyard stretched before me, green and sun-kissed beneath the golden dawn. Sitting on the bench, was my life, her head bowed down, and her arms sprawled. I walked toward her, and in that moment the winds picked up, and a piece of paper wheeled from her foot to my shins.

I grabbed it. It had my wife's handwriting, and it read:

*Dear, I've been waking up in strange places, with you lifeless by my side. At last, after all this time, I understand what's happening, and I know that deep in your heart you understand it too.*

*Death can't be fooled, but he has sockets for eyes. He can't distinguish a life from another. I have given my life for you to live again, and you have done the same, but we have been doing so in frenzies, dying, living and dying again, and in doing so we forgot to truly live. Please, love of mine, enjoy your life, and come to my arms when you can't bear the pain anymore, and I will do the same.*

*I will be here, waiting for you.*

I sat beside her, gazed at the gilded grass. How beautiful and tender the morning was. The screams faded into silence, and the pain faded along.

How long they would be gone I didn't know, but I knew they would come back, and when they did, I'd return to her arms, until she let me go. Our lives would be lived like that, close but far apart, until our clocks died, and our hugs became everlasting.

------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn -- If you enjoyed the story, consider checking my sub. I have many more over there!
