Part 1: 

Historians think they know history. Sometimes they actually manage to get close. I should know - I'm 35,000 years old and I've seen a LOT of history. I was born in a small village in what would have been present-day Romania. Granted, all villages were small 35,000 years ago, so there is nothing special about that. I grew up, and stopped when I was approximately 25 years old. My family continued to age, and I did not. The town elders, fearing some sorcery, cast me out of the village. I spent a few months wandering the land, but eventually found another, somewhat larger village, that took me in. I was young, good at farming, and could benefit the people. Eventually, though, the people aging without me cast me out, just as my original village did. For 900 years this went on, and local legends about me were rampant. Eventually, I couldn't even approach a village without being met with torches and spears. 

So I decided to build my own village. Over all these years, I had collected numerous things of value. Gemstones, pottery, and artwork painted on animal hides. I even learned a great deal, such as farming, woodworking, animal husbandry, and even rudimentary metalworking. You see, there was a large village, a large town even, that discovered that farming tools were improved when iron parts were added. It took a hot fire to make the iron and to shape it, but they built the best tools. 

Anyways, back to my village. Taking a page from that town, I fashioned quarry tools also made from iron. Rocks and large bricks could be produced and shaped quickly, so had a castle built for myself. As the lord of my castle, I was no longer known as the wandering ageless. The castle gave me a credibility I did not have before. It became the local hub of trade, both of items as well as knowledge. There I was, 1,000 years old, being the most respected and powerful man. 

Storage of things is easy. Pottery helps to store just about any item you want. Grain? Done. Water? Easy. Salted meat wrapped in protective leaves? Handled. Ideas? Well, now we have a problem. My castle drew in many bright minds, and we devised a system where we would all agree that certain markings on clay or cured hides would have agreed meanings. In short, we created writing. 

For centuries my castle grew, and the town around it became a city. Until *they* came. I was 2,000 years old when I realized I was not the only one like me. It was the dead of night when a group of 6 raided my home and took me away. For all my learnings of professions and trades, I never took up self defense... 

I awoke in a bright room, with amazing flameless lanterns along the ceiling. What I was laying on was functionally similar to the mat of straw and furs I normally slept on, but made of materials I could not even guess at. As I sat up, the door to my room opened and in walked a person, looking as human as I do. 

"Good morning, Callum. How are you feeling?" She had an accent, as though my language was difficult for her, but she managed well enough. 

"You must be a god! This room, these materials... Surely no natural hand is at work here!"

"No, we are not gods. We are like you. We do not age. We have lived for 10,000 years, and for the last 1,000 we have been trying to find you. We have just had time to discover new things, new ways of creating things. You yourself are responsible for your people learning to write, learning how to transform ore to their will. These abilities do not exist outside the little kingdom you have built for yourself. As an Immortal, as we call ourselves, we can think faster and more completely than regular humans. My group has been living together for more than 6,000 years, and so we have made advances and discoveries the people of your land cannot fathom. Electric lights, for example. We have learned to create energy like that of lightning, and we have put it to work for us."

She beckoned me to follow her. I obliged by standing up and walking to the door. 

"The first thing to take care of is your smell. While you took care to keep yourself clean, there are certain things that even a bath in the river cannot remedy. These men," she gestured at two men, each with short hair and no beard, "will help teach you the benefits of showering. Once you are cleaned, we will enjoy breakfast."

She turned and left this new room, and the two new men walked towards me. While I am perfectly happy having an attractive woman talk to me, I am not happy with two strange men come at me. 

"Stay back! You took me by surprise, but I am alert now! Come any closer and you will feel my hands on your neck as your life slips away!" I adopted a stance I thought was threatening. In my 2,000 years, I have never needed to defend myself. The occasional spear would hit my flesh, but be immediately deflected. I was hoping that if I looked and sounded scary enough, I could buy myself some time. 

"Callum, we have no desire to harm you. In fact, we seek to help. This," he opened a glass door (we had recently learned that sand, when heated enough, turned into a flat and clear solid once cooled. Their mastery of this craft was amazing), "is a shower." Water started coming from a metal tube in the wall. Water transportation became easier with my land's metal tubes, and it seems these people have very advanced versions. "This is warm water, useful for keeping our bodies clean. This is called soap and shampoo, for washing our bodies and hair. Just be careful with the shampoo. If any get into your eyes, it will hurt. A lot. Just rinse your eyes under the water if that happens. We will be behind this shower so that you have privacy. If you need help, let us know."

They walked away, leaving the water in the shower running. I could see a little steam rising, and I could feel the room getting warmer and more humid. I placed one hand in the water. It was warm, but not painfully hot. I gathered, by their mention of privacy, that my clothes were to come off. I removed my hides and clothes, and stepped into the shower. The door closed behind me, but I found that I could just push it back open if needed. 

The floor of the shower soon turned dark as the water rinsed dirt off me. The soap and shampoo were easily identified, but I did not know how to use either. I called for my watcher. "Hello? I am in the shower, but do not understand the purpose of what soap does." Ever attentive, the watchers came back around and pointed to the soap bar, and the brush on a wooden handle. 

"Rub the soap all over that brush, and then rub that brush all over your body. You may need to rinse the dirty soap out of it several times and add more clean soap. Once you are done will all except your hair, you use the shampoo. Call us when you are ready."

I soaped and brushed as instructed, and the shower floor was darker than ever. Bubbly, sure, but darker. Eventually, though, my body was clean. I called the watchers for help with the shampoo, and they were just as straightforward as before. 

As I rinsed my hair the final time, I saw that my clothes had been removed and a new set of clothing items were waiting for me. Figuring out what went where was easy enough. Once I was fully dressed, the room's door opened and the woman was calling me over to her again. "Now it is time for breakfast!" 
