The sky was dark, filled with the stars and their inhabitants. On a lone world filled with loss stood what appeared to be a man in armour. Like a statue he stared at the hair. Taken from his own head not a moment prior and the irony was not lost upon him. He knew he wouldn't die in combat, that wasn't how his father had told him he would go. You see he was old, older than all but his father, but what is time to the deity of it? A child born of the god of time and wielding the first blade he was considered unstoppable. You see the child of time was the child of conflict and conflict is eternal was it not? They had called him the first and last, he who caused the wars, and he who ended them. They had given his name meaning, Drytchnath the destroyer of the world and all that came before, they knew not what had caused it only that he had destroyed the world. He did it to save what little life could be saved, families and those that hadn't tried to follow in his footsteps. To those that had turned away from the allure of power, the rest of the world fell away like stones into a chasm and the Darkness took its place. An abyss to separate the infinite to keep those who had tried to take power and had failed apart but also those that had been sent from the danger. He looked at the single strand of white with no defined feeling, the guilt and pain had changed him. He looked out at the stars and hoped that his father would at least come to see him one last time, his bronze eyes twinkling and full beard split into the gentle smile that he always had. But, this feeling. It pulled, the feeling was pulling like an anchor to the bottom of an ocean, one of guilt and horror. He cast on final eye to the sky and then pulled the blade to his hand. Looking at the seeming crystallized blade he knew what he had to do. Taking a deep breath he said his last prayer and goodbye to his father knowing the words may never be heard, and he focused. Pushing the very core of creation and destruction into itself, the blade took on a brilliant glow full of the essence that was the two seemingly separate powers. The truth would be lost if he didn't preserve it, light and darkness, creation and destruction they were all the same. Pushing his memories aside he put the knowledge of what he knew into the essence of his blade and shattered it in two sending the knowledge and power it amplified two separate ways and in doing so, his soul, his heart, the very core of his being split into 13 he was no more. The energy his death released burned so bright that if those that inhabited the nearby worlds had looked, they would have seen a pillar of bright power had they not been huddling in caves. As to where the being known as Drytchnath stood? There was only a shattered landscape tormented beyond redemption. The world would stay that way, the place where the universe and the god of time mourned the man that had destroyed himself for others. Even if humanity and it's descendants hated the memory of him this world would forever carry a weight with it, a feeling of overwhelming sadness and guilt; a graveyard to the folly of man's greed for power.