Why hello there! I didn’t see you there, *HA HA HA!* Oh? You’re looking to collect stories of great people from around the world? Well you better sit down, because oh, do I have a story for you. 

In the small town of Caliheim there lived a buff blacksmith named Yargklablarg. Yargklablarg was a quiet man, when he spoke everyone listened. Was it his voice? His manner? Or that he could throw a full grown horse clear across town? Nobody knew exactly, but it was most likely the latter. Anyways, Yargklablarg would start his day by waking up on his metal bed. He made his metal bed from a bed of Metal Heads that he just so happened to be dead after Yargklablarg accidentally stepped on their heads. He then proceeds to his ol’ cow Pete which he pulls on her swollen teat, getting ready for his breakfast treat. He then does a situp, 5 jumping jacks that could down a house and then lifts his metal goods, to keep his biceps in check. Every other day he goes for a run, can’t skip leg day! After that he opens up shop and waits for the customers to come in and by all of his metal products.

One day a young man with pink hair entered the scene, he had two girls on his arms and a fancy looking cape, he was the proclaimed magician prince, Alphonse. “My father has passed and I have to adventure to kill his murderer who is a dark warlock who plans to destroy-”. Alphonse started, but was cut off with a bang. Yargklablarg slapped down a set of armor of pure gold, knowing the young prince wouldn’t say no. “This armor will be perfect for my adventure up to-” he was cut off again by Yargklablarg who held out his hand for payment. “Well- I uh-” started the prince as he tried to take main frame of this narrative. “Help! It’s a Dragon!” screamed a woman from outside. “I am off to save my kingdom!” said the prince as he snapped his magic fingers and the armor was equipped. The prince tossed a few gold coins onto the counter, Yargklablarg counted them as the prince and the women exited his shop. The customer was short 3 gold. “Uh excuse me, I am about to save the kingdom from the dragon.” said the prince in the distance.

Yargklablarg put on his giant rustic helmet and a pair of heavy gauntlets and trudged outside. He approached the magic prince and  held up 3 fingers. “What do you want, you brute?” asked the prince as he was conjuring some kind of spell. Yargklablarg insisted he give up 3 more gold. “Look here you brute, I am more important than just a blacksmith, why don’t you give me some-” The dragon ate the prince. Yargklablarg stared up at the 30 foot tall dragon. Yargklablarg himself was 7 feet tall which is abnormal as it is, but he needed his money. He jumped onto the dragon as it stomped its feet on the town houses. He climbed up it’s leg, climbed up it’s shoulder, climbed up it’s neck and then he grabbed a hold of her. He gripped and grabbed as the dragon swung it’s neck. The only words that anyone could here was “I need my 3 gold back!” shouted Yargklablarg as he cut off the dragons air. The dragon turned over and squeezed Yargklablarg back, but from all the milk and all the working out has made Yargklablarg durable. They were choking, squeezing, about to pass out when finally the dragon decided to tap out. The dragon roared a mighty roar and granted Yarg’s wish. He spit out the golden prince and took off with a SWISH! 

He held his hand out to the prince and the prince tried to grab it, but Yargklablarg decided to just grab his wallet. He took his 3 gold and was on his merry way. Went back behind his counter to this merry day! Now you’re probably wondering- “What happ^ened to the pri^nce?” asked a homeless man as he crawled over to the narrator. The narrator kicked him away “Shoo! You’re not welcome here!” he cleared his throat. You’re probably wondering what happened to the dragon, well her and Yarg play poker every saturday night with Chester the unicorn and Marty the Seal-Horse. Yargklablarg, is by far the most interesting man in Caliheim.
