Sammy sat in the examination room, restlessly taking inventory of the sparse furnishings for the sixth time. There wasn’t much to look at. A lot of brushed stainless steel, a lot of slate grey graphene, a couple of harshly radiant ceiling lights. There was a bed, which Sammy currently occupied, and a rolling table that currently stood empty. The air smelled heavily recycled, and there was a slight tinge of acrid sterility to the whole place that crept into her nose and stayed there. It was a doctor’s office in everything but name, and Sammy wore a hospital gown to match as she waited.
	
Sammy had been here once before, after the seventh critical failure. She had started, like everyone, with a standard issue Nu-Nurse. An earlier generation to be sure, Sammy’s family never had much in the way of money. Her model was a refurbished hand-me-down. Nobody really was all that surprised when it quietly died during her 16th birthday total assessment. Her next one was essentially the same model, but that one didn’t last more than a few moments. The boot and set-up went fine, but as soon as it completed a neural scan and blood-gene analysis it failed spectacularly. When a therapy drone goes critical, it’s designed to gain as much vertical altitude as possible before venting in order to minimize potential risk to those around it. Sammy thought it was awesome the first few times. After the tenth time it had entirely lost its lustre.

The techs and doctors were entirely confused by that failure rate. They told Sammy they’d seen one or two failures in a row, never ten, never anything close. At first they assumed that she was sabotaging them herself, which was a criminal offense. That led inevitably to the supervisions. They ran tests, they tried more sophisticated drones, they tried writing custom code in order to prevent destructions, and they were successful in only the sense that the nicer quality bots didn’t explode. They still bricked themselves after the first diagnostic run, one after the other.

She’d been pulled out of school six months ago so she could become a full-time lab rat, and it was starting to really piss her off. Sammy missed her friends, she missed her streams, and more than anything else she resented the endless scrutiny. So what if she didn’t have a nanny constantly flying around her head, who cares? Honestly (and she didn’t say this to anybody, obviously) but she was secretly hoping that the doctors would just shrug their shoulders and let her go without one. Not likely.

After what felt like two or three hours of mind-numbing boredom, the impassive doors slid open and Sammy’s mother flooded into the room, followed by a small cohort of stony-faced techs. Her mom bowled her over immediately with a massive bear hug.

“Sammy, it’s going to be alright. I promise, sweety.” The wavering in her voice told her she was on the verge of tears and was losing the battle to fight them back.

“Mom, relax, I’m fine. Can we go home though? I’m really really bored.” 

“Soon, baby. Soon.” Her voice broke again. Sammy started to feel concern rise up in her gut.

“Samantha?” This time, it was one of the doctors who spoke. He was a tall and imposing man, dressed in lab gear; starch white and pressed crisply. His voice was flat and clinical.

“We’ve compiled all of our data from the past months, and well... your physical and mental health factors are perfect. Entirely without flaw. The reason your diagnostic wellbeing devices failed repeatedly is that we never accounted for that to be an eventuality.”

At this her mother broke finally, and the crying started in ugly, heaving bursts. Sammy blinked once, twice as the words set in. The unease rising in her gut was now cresting her lungs, causing her breaths to come in shallow gulps.

“Ok, so...that’s good, right? That means I’m just really healthy.”

“It’s very good, Samantha. In fact, it’s something of a miracle. What they don’t tell you on the news streams,” Here the doctor winked at her conspiratorially, “is that we haven’t seen someone like you in well over thirty five years. You’re a remarkable specimen.” He was trying to be jovial, Sammy could tell, but she found his words dripping with menace.

“Sam, you’re gonna have to go...with them for a while. They need your help.” It was her mother speaking now, in between sobs. Sammy tried to look her in the eyes but she buried her face in a cloth. The unease spiked now, right to the top of her head into full blown, white hot, eyes wide panic. Sammy leapt up from the bed, gown billowing around her.

“What the fuck do you mean go with them?” She shouted, partly at her mom and partly at the doctors. “Mom, I don’t want to go! Don’t let them take me! I’m a kid, not some project!”

“I’m sorry Sammy, I’m so sorry, I love you, I love you, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”

The head doctor took a small step backwards, but his expression was placid.

“Now please remain calm. I assure you that we’re going to keep you safe and healthy. But we need you Samantha, the world needs to understand you.”

“FUCK OFF!” She was screaming now, her voice ragged with fear. Suddenly the room was tightening around her, the walls seemed to be pressing on the sides of her vision. She felt choked, cornered. The only thing she could think was to run for the door, which she found herself doing. It was only about eight or nine steps later that a small med drone zipped in front of her face and hissed a tiny puff of liquid in her face.

Instantly her limbs began to sag, and her body weight felt like it had quadrupled. She took one more uneasy step and sunk involuntarily to the ground. Sammy managed to turn herself around and saw, through blurring vision, her mother’s hunched form still weeping into a cloth, and the team of doctors running. With her last conjured effort before the blackness swallowed her, she stretched out her hand towards her mother, hoping...for something...