Vampires, contrary to common perception, are far more adaptable than popular media give them credit for. Though it is true that vampires as a whole tend to feel intense pride for and affinity to their heritage, they have also learned that discretion is the better part of valor, and that in a world where ordinary humans outnumber vampires a million to one, perhaps it would be wise to eschew the castle, abandon the stuffy upperclass pretensions, relinquish the telltale family names.

It is for this reason that I style myself as Dr Sara Benwick, a plain, unassuming psychologist who’s barely making ends meet. I rely on my make-up skills to appear *less* striking, my office is on a second-tier property outside the city center, and I try not to get too used to my Swiss bankers addressing me as “Countess Sevelline Belacuse” whenever I have to make emergency withdrawals.

I find it much harder to mask my professional skills though, and as word of mouth spread of my breakthrough successes with human clients who had made scant headway with their physicians, my client base grew disproportionately weighted with humans. Lest anyone accuse me of disloyalty towards my kind, I have always bent over backwards for fellow vampires, and this evening was not to be any different.

“Your next patient is Mr Jeffery Hrulum, miss,” said Nancy, as she slipped the open file onto my table. The slightly-elongated ‘plus’ sign, neatly scribed on the top of the file, clearly designated this client as a vampire. My idea of a little joke, and yes, you are not the first to ask gently after the state of my sense of humour. “It’s his third visit today.”

“Ah, I remember him,” I said, as a frown crossed my forehead. “You should probably set up the easel then. Mr Hrulum is likely to have brought along another piece today, just as I’ve asked him to.”

Nancy lingered, and I shot a severe look at her. I had hired her as a favour to my cousin, thrice-removed, though in truth I would have dumped her for a human secretary in a heartbeat. At least if humans were ineffective at their jobs, I could always arrange to have them… taken care of.

“Don’t dawdle, Nancy.”

“It’s just that… miss, you promised I could get his signature, the last time he came.”

I sighed, and rubbed my temples. “Fine, you can ask him when he leaves. But I warn him, if his condition has not improved, I highly doubt he will be in a state of mind to accommodate you.”

Nancy scurried off excitedly, and I heard her call for Jeffery Hrulam through the thick oak door. In a way, I couldn’t blame her. Mr Hrulam was undoubtedly one of the most-sought after celebrities in modern times, in both human and vampire worlds. The humans slavishly fawned over the masterful artwork he churned out, gobbling up every canvas which passed through his studio, while the vampires branded him our cultural saviour, a bold and daring artist who advanced the essence of vampirism.

You see, Mr Hrulam’s trade, his call to fame, lay in the evocative hellscapes he painted. I’ve seen them myself, not just those soulless reprints on the internet, but the originals themselves, set in frames which singed as they fought to retain the smouldering pieces they contained. His brushstrokes conveyed a dark magic which had not been seen in centuries, and the grip his masterpieces held over humans and vampires alike was second to none. 

The first time he had unleashed his work on an unsuspecting public, legends say, entire crowds had been mesmerized for days, wasting away slowly as they stood entranced, trapped in a quicksand of spellbound enrapture. The vampire elders, fearing a good old-fashioned mobhunt, had to beseech that he tone down his genius. Mr Hrulam had cried bloody murder, claiming his artistic vision was being suppressed, but he had relented in the end, for the greater good.

It had occurred to me, more than once in the past few months that I have been seeing him as my patient, that only I knew the real reason why his recent work had been waning in potency, quality.  

“Dr Benwick,” Mr Hrulam intoned gravely, after he set his shrouded painting on the easel. His dark foppish hair bounced limply, and he seemed far weaker than he had been the last I saw him. “It is not working. It is getting worse, and I am at my wit’s end.”

“Show me, Mr Hrulam. I shall judge for myself.”

He nodded, then wrenched away the covers on his painting with a flourish. Even in the dim lighting, the full force of his painting assaulted me immediately, beating my senses with heavy artistic cudgels. If I were standing, I surely would have stumbled.

The brushstrokes, the colours, the contrasts, the composition… they were all undoubtedly by his hand, his talented, once-in-many-lifetimes hand.

But there was no death, no destruction. None of the thousand wailing souls in *Despair*, his first breakthrough piece of a portal opening into Hell, offering a guilty glimpse of the world which lay beyond ours. Neither were there any tentacles, or hooves, or claws, or fangs, as there were in *Old Gods*, his follow-up family portrait. This was, truly, unlike any of the other hundred works he ever produced, every one of which was unadulterated nightmare fuel.

In this painting, there was a bunny, white and fluffy, in a field. In its furry paws was a stub of a carrot. The sun, shining brightly, illuminated a vast, verdant field. A smile of contentment hung across the bunny’s face, cute, adorable, and extremely punchable.

“What horror have you brought here, Mr Hrulam,” I said, hissing through clenched teeth.

The shroud went back over the painting, and Mr Hrulam buried his head in his hands, sobbing as he relayed his sad tale.

“I’ve tried everything you asked me to do, Dr Benwick, I’ve tried. I’ve travelled back home to reacquaint myself with the bloodshed we spilled, I’ve reread the classics which spoke of the eternal wars we must wage against the humans. I’ve spruced up my torture chamber, I’ve partaken of the blood of innocents… everything, everything that a good vampire must do!”

“But still… you churn out abominations like this?”

“I do… I get to work, I lose consciousness as I always did, but when I awake, no more do my canvases carry the diseases of my mind! I only get unmentionables like this, all full of cheer and laughter and love! My assistant is disappointed too, but she says she has no control over me when I lapse into my work frenzies. Last week… last week, I even painted… a puppy…”

The bile rose in my throat, and I had to fight from gagging. If the vampires knew that their prodigy had come to this, if the human metalheads and horror aficionados learned that he was no longer able to produce his masterpieces…

“Wait,” I said, as the gears clicked into place in my mind, “you mentioned an assistant? You’ve always worked alone, haven’t you?”

“Yes, but after I kept hurting myself during my unconscious states… I hired her, just to watch out for me, you know? And to get me more Red No. 11, I always run out of that shade the fastest…”

I flipped through my notes in the file frantically, and confirmed my suspicions. I was angry at myself – I should have spotted this, a long, long time ago.

“Mr Hrulam, when would you say you hired this assistant of yours?”

“About… six months ago?”

“She’s good at her work, yes? Goes beyond the call of duty, watches for your welfare, cares for you? A little on the meaty side, shapely as like Venus?”

“I… suppose…”

“And when would you say your art pieces have become more and more disturbing?”

“About… six months ago, too?”

On one hand, I was relieved. Mr Hrulam’s gradual slide into insanity could be arrested, and I could be content that I had helped salvage one of the finest minds in our generation. It was always gratifying to be able to find a solution to the puzzles I faced, without having to beg for help from any of demons or Old Gods. It was a matter of professional pride.

On the other hand, I felt a twinge of sadness for Mr Hrulam. Perhaps it was true what they said after all, that it was our most tortured artists and geniuses who produced the most groundbreaking, redefining pieces of art.

“Mr Hrulam, I may have gotten it wrong. The solution does not lie in steeping you in darkness again, we’ve obviously tried that and it isn’t working. The problem, it seems, is one of your own doing.”

“Tell me! Tell me what I’ve done wrong!”

“Why, Mr Hrulam, you’ve quite clearly fallen in love!”

---

/r/rarelyfunny