It didn't go as we predicted really.  Don't get me wrong, it was really well thought out.  The logic was sound.  If we removed the warning labels on products, of course we would see a spike in accidental deaths, but the deaths would be beneficial because we would end the propagation of stupid people.  And since no one wanted to admit they were stupid, the law passed with little push back from the opposition.  The plan was easy, unopposed and everyone secretly rejoiced over finally being rid of their idiot boss, co-worker, spouse, etc.

So we removed every posted speed limit, height restriction, hot warning label, trespassing sign.  If it was a warning, it was gone.

Except, well, the idiots didn't die.

That's the thing about stupid people.  Stupid people are incredibly lucky.  That's why you run into so many of them during the day.  They don't die. Not in large enough numbers to make any sort of difference. 

 I've seen them.  The ones that are supposed to die.  They ride in cabs of trucks on highways holding on to mattresses, or record themselves breaking into zoo enclosures to slap a crocodile.  And they live.  They get away with it because the smart ones give them a wide berth.  We are too smart for our own good and we want to preserve our own lives by not ramming our trucks into them and potentially killing ourselves in the culling process.

Then the police started giving up.  They viewed every idiot maneuver and broken law as a way of enforcing Darwin's Law.  If they interceded then they'd be acting as the very warning we worked to remove.  The police couldn't stop people from doing stupid things, and we also didn't make it legal for them to shoot the idiots when they were acting dumb.

Soon after that we saw strength in numbers.  The idiots would encourage one another to perform more and more dangerous and stupid stunts.  The dumb ones banded together to get away with everything they could.  They'd sue homeowners for stopping them from doing parkour off the roof of their homes at all hours of the night under the guise of infringing on their "right to be dumb."

We saw huge casualties in our side.  Smart pedestrians were getting blown apart by worn car tires and texting drivers.  Children were dying imitating stunts seen online.  Reasonably educated people were dying left and right as idiots attempted their own home repairs, only to be crushed by garage doors and burn to death by faulty wiring caused by their dumb spouse.  No one thought to question whether the loves of their lives would be classified as "dense," and if they might be the victim of that stupidity.

We saw a spike in organ donations.  The smart that died at the hands of the idiots were essentially harvested to replace the parts of themselves that the idiots had destroyed.  A 40-day drinking binge as part of a YouTube challenge could be negated with a brand new liver courtesy of Linda Hall, who died in hospital after her husband locked her in a deep freeze for 20 minutes as a joke.

Then the baby boom happened.  These idiots lost all sense of shame.  They'd sit with enormous dildos crammed up their backsides and laugh loudly in hospital waiting rooms about their situation, and wouldn't you know it, but some other idiot with four tampons lodged inside her would find this man's exhibitionism and outgoing nature completely endearing.  They'd have to have about 9 kids to ensure one made it to adulthood, but the baby industry sure does well for those first 4 weeks of each child's life.

And now, now the smart ones are mostly gone.  The idiots have filled in gaps in the workforce and they're occupying places of monumental responsibility and power.  The nurses and doctors are killing the smart ones as they come in for basic medical attention.  The idiots don't need doctors much because they know their organs are in good shape, and because they're stupid enough to set their own bones and sew their own stitches.

And today the dummies in charge voted to keep Darwin's Law in place.  I can't believe these idiots outsmarted us all.



