A little late to the party but... 

The blazing sun bore upon my bare back, as I stared my opponent down. He dare'nt a glance at me, and gazed outwardly, innocently, in the opposite direction. But I knew he was not oblivious to my presence. The wind began to pick up, leaves skirting around our battlefield... The stage was set. I coiled my body like a spring, poised to strike, and I steeled every part of my body. It's meow or never, I have to pounce meow-

'Meow!'

'MR KIBBLES! I'm in hunting mode right now!... Awww you see that? You see that? It flew away! Damnable pigeon.' I shouted at the cat next to me. Then I turned to wach my prey, an obscenely obese pigeon who keeps frequenting MY garden, fly away... UNSCATHED.... once again.
'Gosh darnit mr.Kibbles! What have I ever done to you?'

'meow!'

'Wh-why I am quite offended by that comment! I did not use your litterbox while drunk on catnip! You fiend!' Mr. Kibbles smiled innocently a me and twitched her whiskers playfully.
'Don't think for a second you can pacify me as you do the owners! I'm a cat too - I'm immune to our immense adore-ability!' 

'Meow meowww!'

Mr. Kibbles chimed, then suddenly dashed out under the gate.
'Follow you?! Kibbles! We aren't allowed out of the house!' She turned around, then waved her tail mockingly, then continued to dash away until she was out of my view. I dared a glance at the house and, deeming it safe since the bosses were out, gave chase to Mr. Kibbles.

'Mr. Kibbles! Hold for me! Wait!' I called to her, as she ran onto a sidewalk. The next thing I knew, she was gone. Disappeared into the mass of gigantic metal contraptions that was what the masters called 'the road'. I stopped in my tracks. A shiver ran down my tail. I eyed the cars closely and deemed that it was certain death to dash through.

But... Then who would get back Mr.Kibbles? Who would retrieve her? What would the masters say? Who would I meow till the night comes and swallows us up? Ah. Me. The responsibilty is always mine. For I am Mrs. Kibbles, and proud dammit.

As the humans say, here goes everything. I put my right paw out, shivering. Then I sprinted.

'AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH'

Are my whiskers still there? I-I can feel my tail! Great lord of catnip i'm alive! I- Why are all the cars... gone? They seem to be worshipping a red light.

Thank you, sir red light. You have done me a good deed this day. One day shall I return the favour... But for now, Mr. Kibbles - GET THE HELL BACK HERE! We both ducked into an alleyway, and then she began to scale the walls by climbing dumpsters and windows and big box fans. I watched in awe as her supple and agile body soar through the sky towards the heavens, and disappear onto a roof. Once again I was presented a daunting task. Perhaps I should go back...

'MEOW!'

... What could she possible want to show me so much?... Okay fine Mr. Kibbles... you win.  I followed her route, albeit much less effortless, and eventually I found myself nearer to her, after much almost failed jumps. I don't understand why humans believe we always land on our feet. It's not a trait all cats have it just seems that way because most cats train it. They spend years and years jumping off platforms to land on their feet, training for that to always be the case. But not I. I'm afraid of heights.

An acrophobic cat. Most cats are acrobatic, i'm just a walking irony really. 
But overcome my fear must I.

LEAP OF FAITH!

I leapt. I touched down! I am on the roof! Wow this is an accomplishment. I never thought I- I would be able to do this!

'Meow!' 

'Hah! I don't need you to be proud of me!'

'Meowmewww!' 

'For me? You did this to help me overcome my fear? Awww mr Kibbles!' I walked closer to her, paw raised. Then I hit her on the head lightly 

'There had to be a better way than making me die almost twice. I've only got seven of those mind you!' I lectured. Frankly, it was fun, but she gave me no warning!

'Meow....' She whimpered, then fell into a slump and walked away. She then turned to face the sunset. 

'Meow!'

'So this is what you wanted to show me... Magnificent....' The orange ball that was yellow this morning looked like a gigantic crimson orange ball of yarn. It stretched out its thread through the city and painted it with a warm hue. It was beautiful. Something I have never seen from the ground.

'Thanks, Mr.Kibbles.' 

'Meow!'

She smiled, then leaned on my shoulder. We both slept that night on the roof, the masters shouting at us once we returned. But hey, I thought it was worth it. But I swear one day this cat will kill me. Her adventures always result in bad things I wish I didn't always want, or have to follow her.

It's just too bad since she's my mate.