This was no ordinary enemy. Instead of a traditional samurai sword, he wore a manikin claw on each hand. And instead of walking upright, he crawled at me like some kinda exorcist demon [nightmare](https://imgur.com/1FvfxwI.jpg).

Freaked me the fuck right out.

I thought I might try to circle him carefully, defending and prodding, taking my time, planning my attack. This was my style - careful, always careful. But the enemy showed no remorse, no restraint. He crawled at me with surprising speed on all fours, and began slashing at my face.

I tried to dodge, but he was relentless, pressing his attack in the face of my retreat. His claws connected once, twice...

I was hurt, but I deflected his third swing. And his fourth. Again, his fifth. His next frenzied attack came screaming in, his energy reserves completely bottomless. Something was screaming in the back of my mind, but I was too focused, too in-the-zone, to be bothered to stop. I deflected his attack one more time...

... and promptly found myself standing in an alleyway in my underwear holding a 360 controller in front of a beginnings of mugging.

The victim had been shying away, and the mugger was yelling something, but then they both started when they realized I was standing there. I collecting my bearings, hurtled the controller at the mugger's head, and started screaming and waving my arms.

The mugger turned and ran, controller bouncing off his raised arm and shattering against a nearby brick building.

I turned to the victim, but he had already run in the opposite direction.

I sighed, and made my way to the street. The people passing nearby gave me a wide berth, while others started pointing and whispering. The next time I did anything risky like try to play a video game, I would have to do so fully clothed. And maybe with my smartphone so I could check my GPS. Where was I? The signs were seemed to be in some sort of cyrilic alphabet. Eastern Europe, it seemed. Basically the opposite side of the world.

I walked back into the alley steeled myself. On average, it would take me 25-30 jumps to end up somewhere in the United States. If I tapped fast enough and ignored the murders and muggings and auto-erotic-asphyxiations-gone-wrong, I could probably make it back home in time to head out to work tomorrow.

Ah crap. I needed to buy a new controller. Again.