(this reply is too long for one comment 100 character limit. posting the rest in replies and heres a google doc of it: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0BMJOuKg2QZsXPO2whR5DAkg7HP5p66-zbabTkbhSQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0BMJOuKg2QZsXPO2whR5DAkg7HP5p66-zbabTkbhSQ/edit?usp=sharing))  


My day is what I make of it.

in my youth each day was an adventure. I made it an adventure. I picked up a sword in my youth and for years it never seemed to leave my grip. There was fame, there was glory- by god there was glory! All the winnings from those years of competition had given me a lovely retirement. A big home, plenty of savings, I never go hungry at all and my children and grandchildren have their lives tended to. Yes this life has really been perfect. Yet I feel like in retiring I made a mistake. Like I had put down my sword long before I was supposed to- or that I should have returned after my children were grown. That my sword wasn't just another well kept relic on my shrine to the glory days.

Speaking of which it was time for me to clean it.

Arthritis has slowed me down a little but not enough to keep me tied to my chair or a cane. I have a special duster just for her. Mi bella, my love, my prized posession: La Viva! The life! Yes, that was my attitude then. Life! Growing up in central Mexico I had picked up a great lust for life at our festivals- for a short while I even took a stint as a Matador. I couldn't continue because I felt that Bulls were not fair opponents.

La Viva is a beautiful sword. A slightly weighty Rapier who had never turned me wrong. Her grip is 14 Karat gold plate with a design that I made myself, a handle that twists so perfectly around the hand no opponent could knock it from you- at least to my belief. I have never actually let anyone else use La Viva, not even my own sons or daughters have held or cleaned her. That was for me.

I use a very gentle metal polish for her handle. I always want it to shine. I do this last since I have to take her off her stand for it and I somehow fear breaking her. After years of battle I've seen, the blows and LIVES it had taken I was irrationally afraid of breaking her. Just the fears of a man whos gone soft. I wondered if I even deserved La Viva anymore. If I had any life left in me worth living. Imagine the once great Pedro Jimenez a tired old man polishing what was left of his legacy in front of a shrine to his best years being behind him, not in front.

I could only gaze at her now as I lifted her cautiously from her bed on the shrine and looked down at her already shining surface. Maybe I had been polishing her too compulsively. She looked perfectly fine. There was only a dark smudge on the handle. I squinted my eyes behind my bifocals and tried to focus in and see what it was only to realize it was moving and it was no smudge at all.

Every muscle in my body reminded me of what I had to do. Whoever made the mistake of sneaking up behind me in my own home certainly had another thing coming to them. Maybe I didn’t have all the life left in me that I wanted, but like hell was I going to let someone else decide when it should run out!

My opponent was on one I was expecting and not at the same time. Not like this. I drew my blade for the first time in years and spun on my heel. I was expecting maybe a home invader, some kind of punk trying to steal my treasures. they’d go for quite a lot on eBay from what I’ve seen. La Viva was not about to end up on eBay… Ever. Not because I wasn’t going to let anyone take her from me at the moment but because I knew my intruder had no interest in LA Viva. They wanted MI Viva.

Two hollow eye sockets stared right through me. My sword had met the unbreakable handle of his sickle. Wait, no...hers. Big blooming carnations adorned her skull and starry robes. La Muerta. I had seen her face before plastered on many a prayer candle, whispered outside of church, and worshiped in the streets. The saint of death, coming for my soul. My breath held steady in my throat and I did not budge, weighing what I was seeing in my head. This felt too real to be some dementia hallucination. I hadn’t lost my mind to old age. No, this was DEATH.

While her sickle was unbreakable it seemed she was not physically all powerful. Could you kill death? Could you beat her? I had certainly cheated her more than once!

“I knew that you’d be difficult.”Her voice was haunting, speaking in no earthly language but one I could perfectly understand. It shook me but I did not loosen my grip.

“Then why did you bother coming?” I had not meant to blurt out something like that to a saint. I was half sure I had just committed some kind of heresy. Was there now hell waiting on the other side? All the more reason to fight.

A skeleton couldn’t glare, but I felt it. She pulled the sickle in and then shoved back, knocking me back against my shrine, pictures falling from it and breaking from the wall. My sword was free, but so was her weapon and she was pulling back to swing again, perhaps assuming she had me trapped. “ALL things die, Pedro.”

&#x200B;

&#x200B;