Report 0001 of planetary body designated by natives as 'Earth'.

-----

First and foremost, I am of the opinion that we stay far and away from this world. High command has given me the most advanced ship and the most advanced musket weaponry to survey the world and I feel no more secure here than I would on the edge of a Singularity. We have not the military technology to compete with these so called primitives. 

My reasoning is as followed. The speed and ferocity which the natives attack their problems is as terrifying as it is awe inspiring. In just one of their lifetimes, they went from being planetbound to growing spacebound and visiting their local orbiting planetoid. We are lucky that they soon grew disinterested in space travel or I fear we may already have been extinct.

I have been observing these 'Humans' and they are horrifying. They war. They don't just perform it, they revel in it. They grow in it. They crave it so badly that they have warred among themselves since their evolution from primitive life. Even now with the technology to take over the entire universe so close at hand, they are more interested in fighting themselves.

They not only love war, but they love documenting it and sharing particularly 'glorious', as they call it, war among other Humans. I have seen some of these documentaries. A great warrior known as William Smith has shown time and again the ability to overcome impossible odds to annihilate alien species with technology greater than theirs or ours. The depths of space only know the number of species that have fallen at their hand. They seem to make insanely destructive technologies at will and throw them away just as quickly. You will see when you watch the humans as I have.

I have attached a number of specific Human documentaries of particularly worrying content to this report.

I urge High Command. These humans are a sleeping glorpthal, waiting to rise up and devour us. They should not be interacted with. Set up a perimeter around their solar system. Let them think they are alone. Do not rouse their fury, for it will be great and unstoppable.

Attached: Pacific Rim.mp4, Independence Day.mp4, War of the Worlds.mp4, Full Metal Jacket.mp4.

-----

Response to Report 0001 of planetary body Earth.

High Command has received your report and we are in agreement. As such, our most intelligent scientists have come up with a weapon specifically tailored to the Humans. We believe it will cause stagnation in their society. It will remove the threat of Humans as a whole and you needn't stay near Earth any longer. We even believe it will be a kindness upon them as it will reduce their desire to fight among themselves as well. Deploy the weapon to their technological centers and leave.

Attached: "Project Netflix" 

-----

Catch more of my work at r/RaistlinMajereWriting 