I know humanity better than my own people. Their culture, their written languages, their literature, their media, their science—I have studied humans my entire life and it has brought me such joy.

Our biology differs, but our emotions and mental functions are not all too dissimilar. Fear, anger, sadness, joy, disgust, surprise, trust, anticipation, nostalgia, kindness, pity, envy, love. These appear to be feelings that all sentient creatures are capable of experiencing—though our sample size is only two.

Yet there is one concept I do not understand: music. No matter how much sheet music I read, or spectrograms I examine, the purpose of this "music" escapes me. The poetic lyrics, just like all human literature, are enormously popular with my people. But music—with its rhythm, melodies, harmonies, timbres, form, texture and dynamics—these mean nothing to me. The atmospheric vibrations tickle me at most.

Jake says the social gatherings we plan to attend may help me understand. I really hope it does. I owe it to all my people back on my homeworld who did not have the opportunity to explore this beautiful blue marble with its marvelous people.

"Elspeth, do you have your tickets?" Jake signed. He was spraying himself with Cold Rose scent—a flower from my homeworld—to make his odor less bothersome to my sensitive olfactory organs.

I looked at the small piece of paper in my claw.

*J.S. Bach - Brandenburg Concertos — New California Symphony*

"Yes." I signed back. As a friendly gesture, I drew back my lips to expose my front row of teeth.

Jake smiled back. "Wrong tickets, that's Wednesday, after the Harry Letterman dinner interview."

He leaped out of his seat with an incredible speed, typical of humans, and retrieved tonight's tickets from the table.

*Coachella '92 Back Stage*

"Let's go!"

---
With the latest generation of engines capable of faster-than-light speeds, the journey to Earth is finally shorter than the natural lifespan of my people. The humans—who live an entire century on average—visited us first. Right from the start, communication was difficult. Sometimes even dangerous.

The first successful contact was elegantly simple. Our people had been aware of the incoming vessel for two generations when my grandfather proposed the "Welcome Party" plan. He oversaw the construction of a designated landing zone in our largest and most populated continent. We signaled its presence to the human travelers by focusing low-energy amplified light beams toward their vessel. The 41st cycle of the second quarter—the estimated date of their arrival—became an annual global holiday. The little conflict that remained on our planet after the great war was soon no more. Peace reigned and a new era of global cooperation began. Everyone speculated as to the aliens' appearance, size, diet, method of motion—were they bipedal, like us?—strength, agility, aroma—were they small sulphur-scented creatures?— texture, culture, reproductive methods, entertainment, history, technology, and—most importantly—their intentions. There was a lot of uncertainty; all attempts at communication so far had failed. However, two quarters after the landing zone was complete and began to signal, the human began to alter course toward it, giving much needed hope to our fearful population. There was the potential for peace with the strangers. Preparation for their arrival was our primary goal, with new projects starting every quarter. However, despite all of our efforts to be prepared for these aliens, no one expected them to be quite so ***alien***.

The entire world watched them land. It was the day when friends and enemies alike stood side-by-side, claws linked, glowing with excitement. It was also the day those friends and enemies retreated to the nearest bomb shelter and huddled together in fear. The human bioweapons killed everyone within 6,000 fields of the landing zone. The human vessel—which we later learned was "designed to have minimal ecological impact"—decimated our biosphere. The strong currents in our atmosphere rapidly spread the toxic chemicals vented by their propulsion systems.

Our military responded with their full force. Artillery quickly disabled their vessel. The forty-three surviving humans fled the landing site. Some of them escaped in wheeled vehicles while the majority fled in standard human explorer exoskeletal protective armor. Our special forces, with expert training in camouflage, cloaking and scent-stealth techniques, pursued them into the nearby countryside to capture or kill with minimal civilian and military casualties. The hunt was on. Our planet, recently united by peace, was now united by war.

Wide-area electromagnetic weaponry was used to disable the human technology, forcing them to them to disembark their protective armor, revealing they could breathe our atmosphere.

The first-claw accounts written by ground forces describe humans as horrid, disfigured monsters with bulbous growths atop their spinal structure that appeared to contain an array of grotesque external organs.

Ground forces believed the humans had an offensive plan and that it ended with the destruction of their vessel, because every human employed the same guerrilla tactic. Approaching an alien, it would raise its hands and begin to emit unknown bioweapons in dangerous quantities. Ground forces would used their filter masks to safely approach and capture or kill the human.

However, this would lead to several other humans, from several fields away, coming to immediately assist their distressed crew mate. How the humans were communicating such great distances was unknown to the ground forces at the time. The forces began to retreat, yet the humans were able to pursue them with uncanny accuracy despite the soldiers employing full camouflage and scent-stealth. Their increased agility made them difficult to engage. The ground forces retreated to cover in nearby towns, but they were quickly overwhelmed. Their extreme proximity to humans was too much for the filter masks, and many of the soldiers perished from the toxic human emissions. Survivors recounted "We couldn't smell a damn thing. It was so putrid I felt like bringing last cycle's meal back up. The aliens, on the other claw, they were able to smell us through the walls. No amount of scent masking worked! It's like those damn xeromorphs could *see* us through the walls!"

Cloaked surveillance drones were deployed, which the humans were able to acquire and destroy by throwing stones with incredible accuracy.

The humans went into hiding. Unfortunately, nine of them were killed in the conflict. Three humans were captured, and it is thanks to the endurance of those three humans that we, today, have peace.

Over the course of 26 cycles, roughly nine Earth days, our two peoples were able to establish primitive communication, in the form of begging for more water and expressing displeasure at certain actions. This was followed by the formulation of a primitive hybrid written language. English and Tibhuerian share many elements in common, which allowed this process finish quick enough for the humans to successfully communicate that they were staving to death. Human physiology being unlike ours in that they must consume sustenance more regularly, and that our food was of no nutritional value to them.

And now, we are aware of human diet, body odor, sweat, hearing, speech, and so much more. Despite our level of technological advancement, our scientists had never suspected that pressure waves through a medium were so worthy of researching.

Once we were able to talk, everything changed.

The human explorers brought with them eight miraculous devices that allow instantaneous communication across vast distances.

They brought the gift of the internet.

Within two quarters, our civilization was unrecognizable. The most popular social activity was, and still to this day, is to Netflix and chill.

Our knowledge combined led to sweeping improvements in both societies.

Medical research progressed to the point where Tibhuerians and Humans each could take medication enabling them to live side-by-side without ill effects.

Nothing could make a human's stench bearable to a Tibhuerian, but I'll settle for survivable.

---

*[continued in comments]*