It was itching. Was even a funny itch, like one hundred microscopically small insects biting her arm in constantly changing places. She couldn't tell if was the itch that woken her up, or the uncomfortable position in which she fell asleep on the couch. Judging by the external noise, without the slightest sign of music or fireworks, New Year’s Eve passed a long time ago.

She tried to scratch her arm and realized that couldn’t feel anything but the itchiness. Well, why not try with a fork? Very lightly, of course, then maybe giving a little more push. At the end, she failed to feel whatever she expected to, even the itch was gone. It was like… she shivered a little by how the thought amused her, it was like the arm of a corpse.

That’s the last thing she remembers before waking up.

“Wow, I didn’t even know it was possible” Carl could not suppress a laugh.

“Me too, Carl, believe me.” She said, while her once dumb limb kind of floated stuck to her shoulder, like an arm shaped balloon half empty of gas.

Valerie was still a little dizzy, her head was aching and of course there was some nausea. However, compared to having an unintentionally reanimated limb, she thought that an entire week of hangover was as far better way to kick off a new year.

“But you can move it, right?”

“Sure, I can. But there’s this annoying delay.” As she spoke, she commanded her arm to move. It was not the motion one does with a proper limb, but more like using a rigged arm through a joystick. The reanimated dumb arm did indeed the intended clockwise wrist move, but it looked like a right-hander trying to write with her left hand.

“Fuck, that’s weird. You can’t do a proper close enchantment sign.”

“No shit, sherlock. I’m the worst necromancer ever, I guess.”

“But, how you did it? And why?”

“Don’t know, I’ve slept on my arm, he was numb. Then I woke up in the middle of the night and tried the reanimate enchantment because it seems I’m stupid enough to try it.”

“Seriously, you came with this shit out of the blue?”

“Well, I didn’t really expect it to work… I was half asleep anyway.”

“Wait! Let me try something.” He interrupted her, then got up from the couch, walked closer and started to hub her arm with both his hands.

“Do you feel something?” He asked.

“Nope.”

“Not even a tingling?”

“Sorry, no.”

They stopped. Carl took a longer look at the arm. It hadn’t the usual chocolate brown color of her skin, but a greenish gray, with some darker areas tending to purple. There were scratches along all the arm, some deeper than others, none of them bleeding anyway.

“Val, your arm looks really weird. Like it’s…”

“Like what?”

“Like it’s rotting.”

She twisted her lips. “Man, are you sure?”

“Ii seem this spell kind of cut off your circulatory and nervous systems, I never knew that, I think it’s not relevant cause our subjects don't usually have then functioning anyway.”

“Fuck, what I'm supposed to do now?”

“Well, you can’t go to a hospital, I guess.”

“Sure, that would be great ‘Hey, I tried to reanimate my arm and it went wrong, or right depends on the point of view. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, I don’t know if you are aware, but I’m a necromancer, still in training though, as you can see.’ Awesome, uh?”

He fell again on the couch and closed his eyes “You can't keep your arm like this for long, we have to tell 
Mordecai.”

“No, we don’t” It was Valerie’s turn get up from the sofa, her arm did an overshoot of the movement, which made her look like a cartoon character. “Can’t you close my enchantment?”

“No, I can’t, only the caster can. We have to call Mordecai. I’ve seen him casting enchantments without making any gesture, I guess he’s the only one who can fix this.”

“Fuck, Carl. No. He’s going to kill me, we aren’t supposed to do this until we are qualified.”

“So, you have any better solution, instead of looking at your half floating limb and hoping for it to come back to life before it decays at all?”

She didn’t answer again, but turned her back to him and walked to the opposite side of the living room. Although the arm was half hidden by her body, Carl could see the counter clockwise move, she was trying to close the enchantment again, failing again. And again. For the third time, the forth and so on. After the tenth unsuccessful attempt she began to punch the wall with her reanimated arm.

Carl couldn’t deny it was fun to watch, since her shoulder always did the move a bit of a second earlier than the rest of the arm. However, he suppressed the laughter.

“Valerie.”

“What?” She didn’t turn around.

“How could you do the enchantment, if your right arm was dumb?”

“What do you mean?” The she turned.

“I mean, with the numb arm you wouldn’t be able to perform a proper gesture.”

She pressed her lips. “I’m not sure if I did.”

“You’re not… sure? How come?”

“I was… well, I was a little drunk, ok?”

“But I was thinking, maybe….”

“Maybe what?”

“Maybe you can perform the closing sign without using a gesture, just like Mordecai”

“No, I can’t. You know I can’t. It’s far beyond our knowledge.”

“Valerie, you’re the better necromancy student I know. And I can’t see any other way around.”

She stood looking at his face for a while, then started to stare at the floor, scratched her hair, and for the third time did a 180º turn and went upstairs.

“Valerie…?”

“Wait.” She yelled from the second floor.

He did, not that there was much else he could do. After five minutes or so, she came back. “Nothing, I can’t do it”

“But you did it yesterday, that’s the only way for your arm to get like this.”

“If you say so, anyway now I can’t”

“Unless…”

“Unless what?”

“Wait here” She went out of the room, and yelled from the kitchen “Hey, there’s something left here!”

“Fuck Carl, what are you talking about?”

“This” He said, stepping into the living room with two beers at one hand and a 1/3 of a vodka bottle. “Drink it!”

“Wut?”

“Drink it, Val, maybe alcohol can make you more... hm, self assured.”

“What do you mean?”

“Just sink this shit in, ok?” He opened two bottles of beer, gave her one, and put his one up to a toast. She automatically took hers with the left arm, aka the living one, toasted and drank it.

Was a little hard to swallow, she was hung over after all, but by the second gulp it went mostly alright. Except that it wasn't enough. The vodka came down in five long gulps. “Man, I'm gonna throw up.” But she still couldn't perform the enchantment.

“You need to be more 'little drunk’ Carl emphasized the last words with his fingers. “Wait here.”
Valerie tried a couple of times while he went away, in one of them she could swear she felt some itches in her elbow, but nothing else. Carl came by the door a few minutes later with more beers. “take off your eyes, they’re mine.” And two bottles of tequila. “That's yours.” Which she took of his hands and was ready to swallow.

“No it won’t work like this.”

“What?”

“Just drink right along won't help. You’re going to become some stressful drunk kind, we need another kind of drunk, a relaxed drunk. That's why I bought this over.” He showed her some lemons, which he used to prepare mojitos and some other drinks he swore were standard Mexican mixes.

Carl began to get anxious in the middle of the fist bottle. By the third quarter he told her. “Man, you're strong I would be as dead as your arm if I drink this much.” She liked the comment, after all it made her brave enough to drink the quarter of tequila left directly on the bottle which she knocked on the table right before letting an uproar of a burp out of her mouth and punch the arm of the couch with her full contracted right hand.

“Valerie! Your hand!”

She looked, it was getting some color, as soon as she noticed it she felt that limb was hurting like hell from the scratches and punches in the wall. It was the most delightful pain she ever felt. Carl came closer and opened his arms, in an obvious suggestion of a hug.

She stood up The world gave brief turn around. “Get off my way, Carl, I have to puke.”
