I felt something today, something I have never felt before. 


All my life, I have only known the Guardians and Their Rules, nothing else.


According to the tests They have given me, I am sufficient enough to fulfill my obligation to society. I was born healthy with no physical defects. I was strong, I was smart, I never got sick - I was reslient. A good candidate to help towards the Rebirth. 


From the video lessons the Guardians provide, we have all learned that the place we come from no longer exists. None of us really feel sad about it; we never knew that world. What we felt was a mild, hollow homesickness, one that was easily brushed off.


We have only one task. To rebuild Terra. To begin New Earth. To be the rebirth of mankind. To be the one species that could outsmart its own impending destruction. The Guardians made sure to show us films from Old Earth; films of war, comedy, and romance. 


The war films were horrible to watch, but necessary. We needed to see what we were capable of if we did not follow the Rules. Our species was animalistic, and we needed to learn to put aside things like hate and envy, for they would create our demise. Our only goal now was survival.


The comedy films showed how empty the old  society had been. They showed how materialistic, careless, and ignorant they were.


The Guardians showed us why we should be angry towards those people, because they could laugh at all the awful things going on around them. They didn't care. 


The Guardians emphasized that all the jokes about unlicensed attempted procreation led to careless attitudes about the spread of disease, and population overgrowth. Those people were selfish. Their goal was not survival. Their goal was only pleasure.


The romance films were the most terrifying to watch. The people of Old Earth were infatuated with the idea of finding "love." The Guardians taught us that Love was the most powerful, dangerous emotion, and love of the wrong things or people was the root of all evil. People fought, stole, cheated, beat, bruised, burned, stabbed, choked, whipped, slashed, drank, smoked, overspent, lied, and *killed* for Love. It was terrifying.


The Guardians knew we were physical, chemical beings; whereas They were not. They took pity on us, and provided us daily with our Supplements. Their Supplements helped us follow the Rules. 


Three weeks ago, I forgot to take my Supplements for the first time. I was so scared that my Guardian would notice and reprimand me for my betrayal of the Rules. I hate being reprimanded. My back is scarred enough already; I don't need any more lashes. 


But my Guardian never noticed, so I never told on myself. I should have. 


I should have told on myself because that was one of the rules; a person had to admit wrongdoing. The Guardians would reprimand that person publicly as an example to both that person and the people around them. It served as a great reminder that we were only fleshly beings, and the Guardians knew what we needed better than we did, for they were not mere flesh and blood like we were.


Forgetting my Supplements made me feel... different. For the first time, I felt... defiant. Like I did not owe my Guardian the truth. And it felt... *good.*


For the next few days, I only pretended to take my Supplements. I would hold them in my mouth until my Guardian left the room, then break them open and empty them into the sink.


There is a girl who I walk past sometimes. I do not know her name; we were never summoned for courtship before, so I never cared to ask. I never actually noticed her before, I don't think. 


I walked past her today, and I noticed her presence; but it was not like other days. It was not like when she was just a thing to walk past; a person to step around. 


She was... *beautiful?* I am not sure. I do not know what to compare her to; there is nothing, and no one, like her.


I have felt a mating instinct before. I am of age; it is only natural. But I know how to handle that instinct.  


I do not know how to handle this new feeling. I do not like this tightening in my chest. I cannot focus on my tasks; I cannot concentrate enough to feed myself. All I can think about is her auburn hair, and her soft brown eyes, all while wondering what her name is. 


It occurs to me now that the Supplements prevent this confusion. I see now what the Guardians mean; I understand why these emotions are dangerous. If I cannot complete my tasks, I will be terminated, which is perfectly justifiable - why should I get to enjoy life on New Earth if I cannot contribute to it? If I do not fulfill my duty to society, to persevere in part of a group effort towards survival, then I am not worthy of life. 


I also worry about getting the auburn-haired girl in trouble. I do not wish to see her co-reprimanded to help teach others why my mistake matters. So, I will keep this to myself, and I will take my Supplements.


I will burn this journal when I am done writing this page; I fear what would happen if my Guardian were to discover my treacherous ways. Still, I just wanted to tell my little secret, even if only to this little bound book. I hope to live to see a day where emotions are not a bad thing; where we no longer have to focus only on survival. I hope to see a day where New Earth can thrive. 


I hope to see the auburn-haired girl again like I saw her today. 
