The grip of the Empire fell on the cold marble floor helplessly. The gaze of the empire that terrified countless oppressed citizens, saw death in his eyes with horror. 

"Y...you... killed the emperor!" Thomas shouted as his lifelong hatred fall like a feeble tree. 

The man proudly sheathed his sword back, spreading his arms widely with assuring smile. "Yes, I have freed everyone from the head of the snake and they shall be able to sleep in peace! You have nothing to stop me, Thomas the Abyss Thinker!

Thomas was baffled for one man killed the emperor that he longed to kill himself--too sudden and too soon. "After all I've worked for..."

"Your notorious scams against hardworking citizens of the Empire will be revealed and I have will have no mercy upon your ungodly acts you've done to my fellow citizens..." He coldly glanced Thomas before walking away from the chamber of the Emperor. 

It had been fifty years ever since Thomas entered the brutal hierarchy of the Empire--from the depth of hellish slum the Emperor so dearly crushed his fists upon to the right side of the Emperor. For he had cruel and punishing taste of life, Thomas was only there to serve him--to oppress and tear every coins out of citizens' empty pockets. The sight of pulsating veins on the Emperor's neck was only the means of forgetting such brutalities Thomas had to put up with himself--for the greater good. Here he was standing still, in front of the Emperor's fallen body. He could still see the terrifying scream barely escaping the mouth of the fallen, spewing blood between his pale white lips. *Unacceptable! Unacceptable! After all the life I've lived to see this moment, after ALL THE PEOPLE I HAVE....TAKEN!* He thought grievously as he gazed upon his hands. *Only if that fool didn't carelessly kill the Emperor! He....He ruined everything...*

"...EVERYTHING!" Thomas shouted as he dashed forward. He had nothing else to compromise. His ever-thirst for vengeance was gone hollow and his eyes were fixated to the cursed fate of him.

---

The guards of the palace finally arrived, huffing heavily from such atrocious scams one man could pull against them. *Assassination! In the very heart of the Empire...truly outrageous..!* The captain of the Golden Guard thought to himself as he walked into the chamber. The glorious room, the Heart of the Empire were curtained with blood of the Emperor himself. 

"Sir Thomas...I...I"

"Silence!" Thomas coldly replied. He closed the eyes and wept softly, for his life was ruined by a fool. "Custodian General Ragos, you are sighting a truly grieving end of the Empire..." Thomas bit his lips with frustration, darting his eyes at Ragos. "You not only failed our faithful Empire but the heart himself... you surely know what will be put on the man who failed the Emperor..."

"Sir Thomas, please--I was off duty at the ti--" Ragos mumbled with pale eyes, shaking his head hopelessly.

"A TREACHEROUS ACT UPON OUR EMPEROR! Seize him now for he betrayed us! he...killed all of us!" Thomas shouted, throwing his bloodied sword on the floor.

"No! No! After all I've served hi--get these off me you scoundrels! You can't do this to me!" He cried as he got dragged away by his fellow guardsmen, only to have his cry for desperation fade away as Thomas closed the chamber.

The silence veiled the bloodshed chamber and at last Thoma was alone in the dark.

*No one can end this empire...but myself...but myself...but myself...* lost in thought, Thomas took the Emperor's ring off from now dead Emperor's cold stiff finger. 

*Only I can...* as he silently mumbled.
