The thousand terrors of life I had borne as I best could, but storms and pitch-black always terrified me. Being a kid, I often played with my childhood friend Luchresi on the shore, until one day (or should I say one night?) the devastating power of nature hit us.

Storm came out of nowhere, along with heavy rain, and wind so cold it would freeze a cadaver. The clouds were so dense, no moon was to be seen, nothing could be seen really, we tried to get away from the raging sea, holding hands in the darkness so that we won't get separated - the noise was so loud and the world was so black, we'd never find each other if we let go for just a moment. We seemed to be unable to even distance ourselves from the body of unholy water, let alone getting home, so we just sat there for hours and hours until they felt like eons. And then the sun showed up.

Luchresi almost died from pneumonia the following week. My sufferings were of another kind - since then I coughed for hours if I dared to enter a moist room or cellar. After having suffered that for a few times, I decided it was best to avoid such places completely. I have no idea what it would take to make me voluntarily step into one. 

Since that torment happened to us I am only afraid of two things: storm at sea and moonless nights. I do not and never have found a reason to fear anything other than those two. In a way, my night in hell gave me courage to always say what I want and do what I think is right and made me a person to be respected, sometimes even feared. Never will I be scared of anything else, and as long as I avoid my two fears and remain bold with everything and everyone else I am sure I will live a long and meaningful life.

I have to be excused now, it was refreshing to open up to a stranger at a carnival, but a good friend of mine, Montresor - what a stupid family name, don't you think? - is approaching, I should really go and talk to him and make sure he doesn't hold a grudge against me for that admittedly tasteless joke I made a month ago. 