My eyes open. I don't want it to. I don't want to see what awaits me outside. But as I cross my fingers, hoping I'd come out alive, my hopes come true. I wake, back in my lab, as I look around. Everything is still the same. The same papers, the same machines, the same research. I sighed in relief. Not today, I guess. To die when I was that close to figuring out our lives would be devastating. The world needed my data, and I was so close to finishing it. I just had to avoid dying...somehow. I went back to the microscope, as I examined his brain one last time. I only had one chance at this, a chance selflessly granted to me by my old lab assistant. She was as devoted to the project as I was, and when I was worried over the lack of humans I could test on, she...

I wiped the tears fron my cheek. No. I had to stay strong and determined. This was humanity's last hope, the only way our lives could ever stay real. The household names everyone knew didn't change anything, except the collective universe we all dreamed in. In reality...only our day of birth can change anything. There could be endless amounts of creatures that haunted the real world and secrets yet unlearned. But we would never learn them, and ever come into contact with them, until our dreams became reality. Until the universe we'd imagined became a universe we made. And all I needed was the finish the extraction and learn how to modify the brain. I just needed the last piece, the part of the mind that made our vivid dreams. I was that close.

But I seemed to have misplaced it.

My old assistant's body lay on the bench, as I ran one last test through her. But I could not find that piece of the mind anywhere! I was sure that it was there when I ended work the day before. Had my mind constructed a dream somehow without it? I had no way of checking. But I couldn't find the final piece of the puzzle I so badly required.

Frantically, I clawed about my lab, desperately trying to find what I needed. It couldn't end like this! She would have died in vain! But as the day ended, my efforts were indeed wasted. Fear built up within me as I approached my bed, the same fear I had for the past 2 years, since the project begun. *What if I died now?*

I awoke. But I couldn't see the lab before me. I looked around, but that day passed. Another day passed. Instantly, I realized what this meant. I was dying. I couldn't do anything, as I was locked in position, forced to relive my last moments. In order, from the start of my life, I witnessed the happiness of my life, prior to my project's beginning. A deep feeling of nostalgia choked me, as well as regret. It was too soon... too soon had my time run out. Especially when I was so close... I watched the album of my life flip through before me, as I saw my assistant once again, her body limp on the floor. It was horrible to see my life's degeneration, a fact I'd never felt throughout my research. But as the grand finale came, my final few memories passing, I saw distinctly something I'd remembered.

The part of the brain. It was at the side of the room, in a small jar. I saw myself, the night before my death, passing by the jar in my frenzied search.

All the time... It'd been there, waiting...

And with a heart burdened with guilt, regret and remorse, I woke up for the final time.