"Put down y-your weapon, Baron Munchausen!" I yell, as loudly as I can. He doesn't even hear me. For a moment I think of giving up, but only for a *moment*. The blurred faces of the innocent crowd around us; the towering spires of the great city in the distance; the God-damned air we're all breathing! I have to keep going. One step at a time, one movement of my cane at a time, I near him.

"Put down your weapon, Baron Munchausen!" I repeat, as sternly as my cigarette-roughened voice will allow.

This time, the costumed man turns to me. His cape flaps like a newspaper in the wind. "Go home, old man," he says, grinning. He's always grinning. Why is it that he didn't grow old like me? Life never seems to be fair.

"Put down the sword," I command. He laughs. The crowd laughs. *Fools, can't they see that I'm trying to save them!*

He swishes and swashes the weapon in my direction, its radiance almost blinding me. He's taunting me. I raise an arm protectively over my eyes. At any moment, he could kill us all - he could release a ball of pure energy into their midst. I have to do something.

"Last chance,  Baron Munchausen!" I tell him.

Another laugh. The crowd are jeering and yelling, but I can't process it all. Something about him putting on an act? He always was convincing.

"You watch too much tv, old man. Go home!"

My arm trembles as I reach into my jacket pocket and retrieve my gun. I point it towards him. He's not laughing anymore. There are screams from the crowd - they know I mean business. People run. Sensible.

He drops the sword. Its light flickers, then dies.

"I'm - I'm sorry," he utters. His tights are becoming damp. Something's not right, but I can't think straight. I have to save the city.

"Too late. I've given you so many chances in the past, and you've squandered each and every one of them. This has to end. I'm sorry."

The nurse accompanies me in the police car. She says its not my fault, that I shouldn't have been able to get out. She asks where I got the gun from. Why isn't she more grateful? I saved her. I saved them all! 

"I want to go home," I inform her. "My tv program starts soon."

Her lip quivers and her eyes moisten.









