They'd been getting closer; gone were the simple 'good ol' days' where it was just you, your hands covered in blood, and the satisfying feeling of a hard choice having been made, the adrenaline coursing through your veins as muscles trembled. 

As time went on, I became more refined. I went from using a rock, to a blade, to even explosives just to mix things up on the one midway through last century. We always knew who the other was, the moment our eyes locked. 

And I always prevailed. Biology is cruel to the fairer sex. No one had been at this longer than I, and it was that which had given me the edge most of the time.

But this one had been different. She'd carried herself differently, and offered to talk, *just talk*. Even though there was an alienness to her movements, they were also familiar. My weariness of untold centuries' loneliness all just pressing down on my shoulders, invisible behind a stoic, silent, stonefaced mask. 

I thought her desperate to escape her fate for a moment, until I remembered the modernity of it all. In a day of force amplifiers like gunpowder, she was less likely to be any more desperate than any other I'd faced. Some ancient animal instinct was warning me, but I ignored it.

And so I'd taken the roses, and turned them over, inspecting them. "Thank you. They're beautiful." And they were. Nothing wrong about them, nothing unusual to say she knew who I was or what I'd done. Companionship for a night was not impossible, and sometimes feelings grew from her over it, and it had ended in blood. But...now? Maybe I began to feel a pang of regret for it all. They hadn't deserved it, surely.

We laughed. We drank. We ate. We danced. But through it all, I had a sick knot in my stomach. Was this what I'd been missing? We got back to her place, and I made a pledge, to put aside my ways. The alcohol, or something from the restaurant, though, was threatening to spoil the night.

"Honey," she said, holding the bouquet of roses as I hunched over. I got a glimpse into the purse, and saw the glass vial.

Oh.

"That's-" Whatever her words might have been, they were replaced by a startled shriek. I might not have been carry much except my fists, but they'd do. For tonight, we'd go over once more. A fight for survival. Two had entered this game of love. Only one would live on.