They say you can’t take anything into the afterlife, but that’s a lie actually. You can take money, although, you can’t spend it on anything.. well.. except for one thing.

At first it wasn’t too bad and the terms were simple, you pay a dollar for another day to live, then two, and then four and so on. I was a rich man with money to spend who had lived a carefree life and as a result died young, or so I thought. 

After I paid that first dollar I awoke from the supposed alcohol-induced-coma I had been in. The lights were dim and a blanket was over my face. A bit stiff from laying still too long I struggled for a second to pull the blanket off and quickly realized that the room was not dim at all but that the lights were on full blast while a nearby window allowed a healthy amount of heat and sunshine into the room. After managing to sit up I decided to take a closer look at my room and saw a nurse in the opposite corner talking to someone I didn’t recognize. I attempted to call out to her but to no avail, my throat was dry and my voice raspy. After a few more failed attempts I decided to knock an empty glass off the nearby table. It fell with a crash, shards of glass flying everywhere. The sudden noise startled me, as it did for the nurse and visitor as well. The nurse came over in a mad rush and was taken aback at my sitting up, “M-Mr. Smith! You were pronounced dead! The alcohol destroyed your body and your family decided to pull the plug.” “Ah” I said. “I can really feel the love there..” “Well tell them I’m back and feeling better than ever, that and that I’m ready to leave this place.” “Ah ha ha not too fast Mr. Smith, although this does seem too good to be true I’m sure your insides are still badly damaged, we will need to run some tests first” But to their surprise there was nothing to be found, I was healthy as an ox and discharged within the day.

I stepped out to an already setting sun and rather disappointed I had lost the day, I figured I’d make the most of the night. And what better way to celebrate the night than by going clubbing? Before long I was downing shot after shot while strippers danced nearby and techno played in the background. Not enough time had passed when I felt my head starting to give way, I yelled for more shots and they delivered. Another hour passed and I was still conscious, albeit barely. I began to argue with the bartender, demanding more alcohol and smashing a bottle in the process. The last thing I recall before blacking out was two rather large men coming to get me before I was rudely thrown out a back door.

I opened my eyes and saw nothing, all was black. But as if on cue, a spotlight illuminated what looked to be an old arcade machine. I walked to it and glanced at the screen, there I was, laying motionless on the ground behind the club with the sun beaming overhead and yellow police tape surrounding the scene. “But surely what I drank last night was not enough to kill me.” I said into the darkness. Then, something appeared in the top left of the screen: “Yesterday’s revival: 6:52 AM” and on the right side appeared “Time Remaining: 00:03:00” I realized that it had nearly been a full day since I was brought back to life, as I thought this, some words appeared in the bottom middle of the screen “Revive? 2$ Yes/No”. Obviously I was going to select yes, and so, I had two less dollars to my name.

I awoke with a start, gasping for breath. I was cold, so cold, but how? The sun was just out. But it wasn’t, the moon shined brightly overhead and the sound of cars driving by filled the air. I was alive again, and I did not feel sick. After everything I had I should have been vomiting all over the place and yet I wasn’t. I slowly stood up and with a smile on my face began to walk off.

And that was the start of my second day, oh how it was so long ago, I’ve forgotten what the current day is and I can hear him calling to me now. Like I said, I had money to spare and because of such, I lived my life to the fullest, keeping track each time of when I near the 24 hour mark. And after awhile I’ve come to notice I never revive in the same state I was before I died, I am always 100% healed of whatever ailed me and sometimes in a different location; even the time in which I was in a horrible car accident. But I paid my fee and I was back, although something was different but I couldn’t place my finger on it for the longest time. And so I disregarded it and became reckless and decided to test out the extent to which this occurred. I was on a suicide mission practically, I knew that no matter what happened, as long as I died or reached the 24 hour mark then I could come back to life.

Fast forward a few trips though and I finally saw a pattern, I would pretty much be placed in a parallel universe in which my method of death had not come to pass, assuming I had actually died, but whenever I did manage to reach the 24 hour mark, I was placed in a slightly altered reality. Although my friends and family still recognized me, I couldn’t help but feel as if it wasn’t them. 

As the revivals started to count up I began to hear voices whispering to me. At first they only mumbled but then I could understand them. They begged me to end the cycle. I didn’t know what they meant but as I continued to revive I began to feel this weight accumulating on my shoulders that gradually got heavier.

Soon enough I was running low on money and I began to panic, a new counter had appeared that notified me of how many revives I have left, assuming no monetary gains during my life. As the counter ticked down the voices in my head grew louder and the days seemed to go by faster. The closer to zero I got, the more frail I became. I no longer revived with the vigor I had before and as a result it became harder to live life the way I wanted to. As I neared my final revivals I realized my life was full of greed and lust, and so I sought to change that, in the hopes that I could be given another opportunity to live, I had become addicted to life and worked to do whatever it takes for another opportunity. 

As you read this i am approaching the end of my final revival. There are many parallel universes that I have ruined but as the counter ticked down, there are some in which I worked for the better. The voices have grown quiet now and a much older voice calls to me, my hands and body are frail and I struggle to write this. I look at my watch and see that my time is near and wish that I could have done more. For too long I acted selfishly, I was addicted to the feeling of being alive, and I did things that I am not proud of, because I knew that technically there were no consequences for me. But as reach my last few seconds I realize that I woul...

Revive 
$Error 
/No