I've been sitting for a solid half hour waiting on the receptionist. This waiting room is too much like the hospital, but at least I am not hooked up to an IV anymore. The hospital food was terrible too and I've been craving junk food since I kicked the bucket. Luckily for me, there is a vending machine right outside the door and I found a coin in my sock right after I had died. I used it to get a chocolate bar. It tastes okay, I guess.

The clerk left to fetch some pamphlets, but she's still not back. While I suppose I have literally all the time in the universe, I still want to be out of here as soon as I can. I'm sure this chocolate won't hold me over forever. I decide to peek around the counter to see if she's back there. I spot the her at the end of the hall just standing there staring down at her phone.

"Um... Excuse me?"

Without an inkling of recognition, she saunters back to her chair and plops a thick stack of afterlife brochures on the counter. After waiting around for some instruction or explanation, I pick up the pile and take them back to my seat. I suppose I need to pick one, but I've never been given too much thought to religion or afterlives. This might take a while.

I pick out the first pamphlet in the stack. It has metallic blue lettering over an image of a mountaintop temple and clouds. "OLYMPUS AWAITS! JOIN THE GODS ATOP THEIR HOLY ACROPOLIS IN BEAUTIFUL MACEDONIA. DRINK THE FINEST WINES AND ENJOY THE MOST WONDEROUS ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE REST OF ETERNITY! ^^Note: ^^mortals ^^do ^^not ^^actually ^^inhabit ^^olympus. "

Seeing that footnote, I set that one aside, take a bite out of my snack, and pick up the second brochure. This one sports a metallic gold font over the exact same background. "HEAVEN AWAITS! YOU'RE DAMNED IF YOU DON'T!" It also has a hand-written note taped to the back that reads, "My dear child, I remember the day I molded you from clay in my own image. I have watched you grow, live, and love, and I look forward to the day you join my kingdom. Whatever you choose, know that it is the path I have made for you. Love, God ♥". I have to admit, it sounds good, but I think I can do better. In any case, I'm almost done with my chocolate bar, and I assume that all these places will have more snacks anyways.

I shuffle through the stack to find one without clouds, and I happen across one that is plain white. Curious, I open it up and see a single line printed on the inside. "NIRVANA". Huh. I didn't know music counted as a religion. This one actually sounds pretty good to me--I'll take it.

I pick up the rest of the stack and stand to bring them back to the counter when one falls out from the rest and catches my eye. It's a dirty orange color with reflective silver lettering emblazoned on the front. "VALHALLA AWAITS!" I flip it open and see a close-up of bared teeth and cracked lips blasted with silver paint and the words "WITNESS ME!" This one certainly looks more exciting than any of the other options, so I stuff the other one back and bring this pamphlet to the clerk.

"Uh... I pick this one?"

The receptionist looks up at me with the blankest of stares and says,

"Give me your token."

"My.... token?"

She is clearly unamused. "Your soul token. You arrived here with one, and I need it to send you to..." as she glances at my chosen brochure, "...*Valhalla*." She looks back up at me with the most incredulous glare and I take the last bite from my bar.

Slowly, her gaze shifts to my wrapper,

and I feel my stomach drop.