The night was young enough; still, the sounds of street vendors closing their kiosks could be heard through the distant sonata of chirping crickets serenading the city outskirts to slumber. The sky, a deep blue and purple and speckled with constellations, drank in the neon lights from the shop signs, splashing off the windows of parked cars. A gentle breeze was in the air, calling out through the tree leaves - inviting.


There was no one outside. The night was mine. I often walked these dark roads alone - it was the only time I could think. Find peace. Quiet.


“There is much to keep a man awake at night, boy-”, I would hear my father say through the smoke of his thick cigar, “-if your conscience isn't clear.”


I spent the majority of my life trying to clear that conscience. These long, night walks helped to do just that.


“Huh…” I wondered to myself. “Guess it never much mattered. I'm still awake anyway...”


Still, the night was young and walking helped regardless.


I got off the bench and started walking down the cracked sidewalk - the names “Chase + Cassie” were written in one of the blocks. The nearby newspaper stand displayed the same headline it had displayed for the past week, “NIGHT BUTCHER STRIKES AGAIN”.


“Heh”, I shrugged. “there's always the chance of night spooks, I suppose.”


I continued walking - to nowhere, really; or, maybe to wherever the edge of sanity bleeds into a seared conscience… or do I mean clear? The black pavement, kissed by the soft, dim glow of the street lights, disappeared into the dark alleyways. The sound of faint footsteps pittered and pattered in the background, rustling through the back alley garbage - the sound of clumsy stalking, gaining distance.


I didn't turn around but shot a quick glance in the reflection of a car. He was quickening his pace (softer and quieter now) and getting closer.


“That's right. Keep coming.”


Suddenly, he was right behind me; I could smell the odor of his unwashed skin - alcohol and… latex, like a surgeon's gloves. I knew what would come next. I braced and clenched my jaw.


The blow of a hard object crashed against the back of my head. I almost lost consciousness but was able to stay coherent. I feigned a black out and let the night stalker toss me into his trunk.


He took a moment to tie my hands behind my back with a zip tie and then closed the trunk.


The man drove for what seemed like hours. That was fine, though. It gave me time to slide my knees to my chest and wrestle out the razor I kept in my shoe. I palmed the razor and closed my eyes.


After some time, another hour maybe, the car stopped. The door slammed shut and my unknown assailant opened the trunk. He moved quickly, grabbing me and throwing me into a fireman's carry, bringing me to the cellar doors behind a very old, decayed house.


He placed me in a wooden chair under a blood stained lightbulb. The basement smelled awful - like blood and mildew.


Smelling salts were thrust up my nose. I did not expect that. I shot my head up, eyes wide open. 


“Good, yur awake, cully.”


He was a thin man with a beard, one side ripped clear out of his face leaving pot marks and scars. His eyes sunk into his skull, hiding lifeless, black beads staring through bruised sockets. Loose, greasy gray hair rested on a wrinkled forehead. His breath smelled like… like kidney failure. 


I looked at him - his disgusting maggot hair and beetle eyes. “Where am I?”


“Yur in my cellar, cully.” He started preparing his tools.


“If you want money, I can give you money. You don't have to do this.” I knew he had to do this. It was the look of murder that darkened his eyes.


“It's not yur money I'm affer, cully. It's yur life. A sorta martyr, if yuh will. I'll staple yur skin to the capital building. A statement - times are a changin - an’ anarchy is the new democracy.” He curled his lips to show a scattered-toothed smile.


“Who are you?” I genuinely wanted to know.


“Can't yuh tell, boy? I'm the Night Butcher, cully.”


I couldn't contain the laughter. The spit flew from my mouth as I laughed in the butcher's leathery face.


“Who er yuh laughing at, smug brat?!” He gnashed his teeth and struck my jaw.


“I'm the Night Butcher.” I said with the flatness of a seared conscience. I sliced the zip tie and shot forward, connecting my forehead to his chin.


Fear shot through his eyes as he scrambled to crawl away, cursing through the broken, remaining teeth. I slid the razor through both Achilles and dragged him back to the chair and tied him.


“Thanks for the tools... cully”
