I stand in awe as the burliest of our people roll the Great Stone forward. A man only witnesses this event once or twice in his life, maybe three times if he’s lucky. They meticulously edge the sculpture into the perfect spot, then some of them begin heaving with all their might to hold it up while the others slide the logs out from underneath. They lower it to the ground as carefully as they can, then stand back to join the rest of us spectators basking in its glory.

Crafted by our ancestors countless generations ago, the Great Stone is the center of our tribe. It is where we worship the magnificent Sun, and it is the channel through which the Sun in return guides us, telling us when next to move on. At the top of the elaborate carved structure is a thick hole, too thick to let any light through from directly above. But when our provider above moves low enough in the sky, a shaft of light finds the right angle through the hole, and the resulting beam of brilliance cutting through the Stone’s shadow tells us it is time to pack up and follow.

Our initial worship complete, we all spread to begin the busywork of preparing what will be our home for the next couple of decades. A few large, simple shelters have already been constructed around the new Stonespot. But there is much more to be done. 

I look at the small sack of seeds in my hand, then up at the landscape around me. There is a good, sizable clearing behind one of the shelters. I stride over and waste no time getting on my knees and tilling the rough earth with my calloused hands. We will need these crops before our current, limited rations from our previous home run out. Especially since the animals usually take longer to migrate and give us something to hunt.

My hand finds a large rock a few inches below the surface, and I grab it to pull it out of the way. But to my surprise it won’t budge in the slightest. After redoubling my efforts to no avail, I begin to dig the surrounding dirt away from the rock. Several minutes of work later I have uncovered what appears to be the corner of a large, rectangular slab of rock with etchings on it. A… skull? And some line segments surrounding it?

After much more digging, I have freed the entire slab, three fingers thick and larger in width and length than my torso. Laying it flat, I look down at the etchings. There is indeed a skull in the upper left corner, with a ghastly and menacing expression, and rays protruding from it all around. Below and to the right are several figures fleeing, except one larger more heroic-seeming figure facing back toward the threat in the sky defiantly and brandishing a weapon of some sort.

Looking at the entire drawing as a whole, it seems clear that the entity in the sky is supposed to be the Sun. But it was unfathomable heresy to depict it in such a cruel fashion. And who would flee from that which grants life? Who would wish to fight it? I must show this to the chief at once. But wait…

There is something else in the soil. I set to work digging yet again, uncovering a brownish long object. As I grab it, it crumbles apart in my hand. Resolving to be more careful, I search the surrounding soil and find more such objects. I soon realize they are bones. How long had they been in the earth to be so frail? But no matter. These must be the heretics who spurned the great Sun. It seems they paid the price. I smile, my faith in our provider stronger than ever, as I wander back toward the Stone to tell the chief of my findings.