A blade pierced through the shadow and slide down. A cloaked figure peered out into the ruined city. There were two running. It looked to where they were running from.  A small pack of them, dead humans with spirits latched on, moving the bodies like puppets.  And there were others unattached spirits moving with the pack.  It was small enough number that should be easy to deal with.

The cloaked figure rose from the shadows and spun his scythe around before stopping it with the pole behind his back and the blade curving farther back. The Spirit’s and by extension their puppets turned to look at the cloaked figure. It charged them, spinning the scythe and taking out one of the spirit’s chain to the possessed body, it dropped. The bony hand holding the haft of the scythe twisted in a way no humans could and brought the blade back around to block the spirits attack, a grouping of hooks they were trying to use to possess him with.

The blade continued on and sliced the threads holding two more of the corpses up. The unattached spirits hissed being able to do nothing until someone or something was hooked. That could only be done to humans by the puppet corpses. On this side, the spirits already hooked to something could reach out and hook another for another spirit to control. The scythe spun and cut. In mere moments every puppet lay crumpled before the cloaked figure. The puppeteer spirits fleeing the area, to find another set of puppeteers so they could affect the living world again. A scream was heard and the cloaked figure spun to look at the two living human’s it had come to observe. 

It was to later for the larger one, another puppet he had missed had hooked the human. A spirit was attaching itself to the line. The cloaked figure moved.  The scythe flying through the air, it was to later for the hooked man, but the other one had a chance. The blade sliced through the line just as the spirit gained control. The soul of the man sat up, looking terrified. He looked down and then back up at the black cloaked figure, then at the spirit controlling the puppet it looked down at him. As it readied to cast it hooks out the scythe came back severing that spirits’ connection to the puppet.

“You are the one that has helped us to live.” The soul said after a moment of looking at the cloaked figure.

“We have helped with dealing with these abominations, but so few of us remain and they group.” The gravelly voice of the cloaked figure said as it glided to the soul. “So few of the living remain we reap as it is our job, but now we reap more than you.” The empty skeletal hand reached out to the spirit and opened invitingly. “Eternal rest is now an option for you.”

The man’s soul reached up and touched the offered hand, then was drawn to the beyond. The cloaked figure stood over the weeping human who had just bashed in the head of her former travelling companion. Death stood over her watching and waiting.