Princess Melanie's first birthday was both a moment of great joy and great awkwardness. Her parents, the Tyrant King and Queen of Faladon, gathered around her crib as the clock-hands crept closer to midnight. Neither of them spoke as they tied birthday ribbons around their firstborn daughter's wrists, as tradition dictates. 
The Queen leant down and tenderly kissed her daughter's forehead as the clock struck midnight. The last chime echoed through the room, the King and Queen tensed, and... nothing happened.

The Tyrant Queen broke the silence first. "Perhaps they forgot?" she whispered to her husband hopefully.
"Forgot what?" a voice enquired mildly from behind her. Lucifer leaned against the Royal Nursery wall, dressed in a black suit and casually filing his nails into a wicked point. 
"As per Infernal Directive 1742; 'all sacrificial contracted firstborn children must be claimed before midnight (Hell Standard Time) of their first birthday.'" Lucifer blew on his nails and held them up into the light for inspection. 
"And it has passed midnight!" The Tyrant King cut in angrily. 
"May I remind you that Hell is an hour behind Kingdom Time... Oh, dear. How disappointing for you." 
Chuckling to himself Lucifer strolled over to the crib and, shoving the Queen aside, bent over the sleeping Princess.
The King stepped forward, his hand seeking the dagger hanging on his left hip. Lucifer whirled around, flames dancing in his eyes, his aura slamming into the royal couple like a fiery tsunami. "Remember, *Chadreth*, I gave you your power, your position, everything you had ever desired - and I can take it all away." he hissed, power dripping from every syllable. The King and Queen shrank back. The oppressive heat filling the room died away, and a few moments later, cold began creeping in. The temperature dropped rapidly while a small patch of mist began unobtrusively curling its way around the bottom of the crib. The shadows under the curtains seemed to darken and stretch, almost writhing, and a faint whispering noise scraped along the very edges of their hearing. The harder one strained to understand those whispers the more one became convinced that they would reveal  the answers to the secret questions that lurked in the deepest and darkest parts of their mind, and the greater their desire to understand grew, until that desire completely consumed them.
Lucifer frowned, eyes darting around the room, and with a snap of his fingers blue flames sprang from the palm of his hand.

With the screams of a thousand goats echoing across eternity, Valazoth, the Great Old One, materialised into the Royal Nursery.
SORRY I'M LATE. I'VE COME TO COLLECT THE CHILD, resonated through their minds. Blood began leaking from the King's nose. Somewhere in the Kingdom a Priest spontaneously combusted.
"What?!" Lucifer sputtered. "There must be some mistake! Check your contact!"
The floating mass of tentacles that was Valazoth shifted. MY CONTRACT STATES THAT I AM OWED PRINCESS MELANIE OF FALADON, BORN OF CHADRETH AND PORSHA, DURING THE EVE OF THE SUMMER SOLSTICE IN EXCHANGE FOR THE POSITION OF QUEEN OF FALADON.
"Yes, well, so does mine! Well, except for the Queen bit."
Valazoth, Scourge of the Three Worlds, paused for a moment. 
I SUPPOSE, he mused, WE COULD RAISE HER TOGETHER...?


Seven years later, in a modest yet cosy cottage on the outskirts of the Great Forest, Lucifer bustled out the kitchen carrying a brown lunch bag. A small red apron was tied delicately around his hips. Valazoth, Destroyer of Hope, was hovering in an anxious sort of way in the living room next to an adorable child with plump cheeks and a pixie cut. 
NOW REMEMBER, MELANIE. WHAT DO WE DO ON OUR FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL?
"Make friends, and don't annoy the teacher." Melanie obediently recited.
EXCELLENT, DEAR HEART. AND WHY DO WE DO THAT?
Melanie grinned up at him. "Because it's easier to subjugate those who are already following you, and to lull them into a false sense of security."
Lucifer and Valazoth exchanged proud looks over the top of Princess Melanie's head and sent her on her way.



-------------------------------------------
My first time writing a prompt, I hope you enjoyed it! Constructive criticism is more than welcome. :)