I grew up next to the Thompsons. Despite the stereotypical boys should play with boys and “girls are icky,” I was best friends with Alexa Thompson. We were neighbors and, day-after-day, we’d explore the thick woodline behind our houses; pretending to be natives or animals running and playing in the dense rural New York forest. We’d find arrowheads and rusted out railroad tracks together. Until one day, when I was twelve, the Thompsons moved to Florida and I was without my best friend. We’d keep in touch, or try to but in the pre everyone has a cellphone days, it was all too easy to move on. 


I’ve always looked back fondly on my childhood. Now, as an adult with an uncomfortably lackluster corporate life a lot has changed. I live in the city, far away from anything remotely green. My days are far less natives and animals and far more meetings and spreadsheets. And, I spend far less time sleeping than I ever have. A mild-to-severe bout of insomnia had me visting a sleep specialist once a week and despite the prescriptions and doses of melatonin, I still found focusing on the happier days of my life to be the easiest way to fall asleep. I always thought, “maybe this is why I dream of Alexa.” My last few thoughts, before I’d saw logs, was of those verdant green forests and the smell of clear skies and rich earth. She’d appear just after I got away from my house. Smelling faintly of sweat and shampoo, she’d always meet me at that woodline and then take my hand. Alexa would show me the arrowheads that she and her sister dug up the day before. A great pile of them, all crude and worn but unmistakably carved by human hands. Every time, we’d dig through the pile until producing a great piece of amber. It was the size of a softball and crystallized around a piece of bark. Alexa would then go into great detail about amber. How it formed in the jurassic era, slowly congealing around a piece birchwood. Most bizarre of all was the fact that Alexa had aged. She was always a year older than me and now she looked like a beautiful woman in her late twenties just as I myself was twenty seven. We’d grown together and in my dreams, I’d conjured up a fully-grown adult Alexa. Or so I had thought.


Yesterday, I saw Alexa. Not during my dreams, but while I was awake and conscious. She was dressed in a dark blue blazer and matching pencil skirt on her way to an interview. I’m normally a shy person, and approaching a beautiful woman on the street is far from my realm of expertise--especially one who looked like she was in a hurry. But, I couldn’t resist. It was uncanny how similar she looked to dream Alexa. I shouted her name and she stopped.

 “Jacob..?” she asked, at first put off but then filled with realization. 


“Yeah, Alexa! Oh my god, it’s been forever. What are you doing here in Manhattan?” 


“I just graduated law school, I’m clerking with an office down here… and I’m late. But, here--” she stammered, pushing a business card into my hand. Her fingers were soft and I felt myself start to flush before she pulled away. 


“Look, I’ll call you, just text me with your number and we’ll get in touch!” she said pulling away and walking hurriedly down the street. 


That night I could barely sleep. I texted and she called, as promised. But, when I did eventually fall asleep, she was there. Again, waiting for me at the woodline but this time she was in her navy blue business casual. There were harder lines around her eyes and dark red Fifth Avenue lipstick, but the face was unmistakably the same from the night before. And, the night before that. By the time I woke, it was already 10:00 am. Saturday traffic was in full effect and I could hear the merciless horns blaring from even my little loft in Astoria. I had to rush to the subway to get from Queens to Manhattan in time for our coffee date. Wondering whether or not it was, in fact a date, or if I should mention the dream. Those thoughts filled my whole trip to Union Square where I found her waiting by a cafe window, already sipping her coffee. We sat together, once I’d gotten my own drink, and shared all due excitement of connecting with an old friend. I couldn’t help but notice the little froth of foamed milk collecting on her upper lip, and again I was flushing like the day before. I couldn’t ask if it was a date, not now, but I went to the next subject idling in my brain. 


“I had a dream about you.”
“Oh…” she cooed. Suddenly, I wasn’t the only one blushing.


“Sorry--I stammered. It was nothing weird. Just, us as kids, exept we’re adults like now and we’re going through the forest back behind our houses.”


“Oh, well...” she repeated.


“You took me by the hand and showed me a big piece of amber you and your sister dug up,” I continued. 


“That’s interesting,” she looked concerned. “But, I never put too much stock in dreams… even if they seem very real.” She finished abruptly standing to leave.


“Wait, you haven’t finished your coffee yet,” I said regretting even mentioning it while imagining, in a defeatist way, how creepy it is to tell someone “I had a dream about you”. But, she wasn’t listening. She just kept packing her bag and pushed in the chair.


“And I don’t even know why it'd be in a pile of arrowheads" she said and walked out the door.