*feedback would be appreciated 

I really didn't understand people. Even when i was 4 yrs old, my undeveloped brain noticed something weird. Other people's faces would do these weird things i can't quite understand at the time. Their lips would sometimes curl up or down. They would sometimes pronounce haha's while opening their mouths as wide as possible. Then they would look at me, like they're wondering why I'm not doing the same thing. Their eyes would sometimes form tiny droplets of water when watching certain films or when a certain person dies. At first, i thought they are insane. When i started going to school, it became apparent that it was I who was not normal, not them. 

I never had friends during grade school. To be frank, i really didn't mind being alone because it only took the school about 4 months into the school year to transfer me to the upper class. I skipped four grades, including junior and senior high. 

Before entering college, my parents decided to take me to a psychiatrist. They thought that not showing any emotion is a sign of a psychological disorder. It only took 2 appointments for my psychiatrist to conclude that my intelligent quotient is quite high, resulting in a very low emotional quotient. To put it simply, me being smart affected my ability to feel emotions. 

I really didn't understand the correlation between the two, though. And that really irritated me. I hate not comprehending something. 

Which is why i decided to pick psychology as my mahor. I'm determind, desperate even, to understand emotions.

The first thing I did was to establish friendship with my classmates. I needed test subjects to study various emotions from different people. To establish relationships from other people, I imitate certain emotiond that's suitable to the social situations presented. I mimic their laugh when they laugh. I cry whenever they cry. I show distress when they show it. Throughout 3 years of college, i gathered enormous amounts of data.  

My 4th and last year of school came. Knowing that we'll start our thesis in a few months, I started mine at the very start of the school year. I made various trips to hospitals to have an MRI scan. Along with the information gathered from my "friends", I noticed that my limbic system is dormant. It's a part of the that controls emotions. Basically,  my neurons is almost not present there. Most of it is in the critical thinking part of the brain. I finally understood the correlation between intelligence and emotions. 

I should be satisfied with my findings, but I'm not. It became quite clear that it's not enough. I want to feel it now. I need to feel it. 

After few months of work, I finally made a prototype that would hopefully achieve my goal. It's quite simple, actually. I made a box that has two EEG caps. One is placed outside of the box,the other is inside. It measures brainwave activity. 

Basically, the outside cap records braon activity while the inside cap mimics it. 

I finally told my friends my whole story and asked them to try it out. Surprisingly, it worked! I could feel it. I laughed, i cried, i felt anger, fear etc. And it felt so good. There's one side effect, though. Whatever emotions you feel while wearing the outside cap, you can't feel it for weeks. 

Obviously, word got out and everyone wants to try it. Specifically those people who wants to get rid of negative emotions. 

So what i did was i left the box at my university for those people who are willing to get rid of any kind of emotions. After a few weeks, the people who constantly use it called it the donation box. 

I only got the happiness emotion once. It was the day my friends and i tried the box. All other emotions i get are basically negative emotions. I don't mind it, though. I enjoy it. Not many people realize how negative emotions can sometimes make things clearer. How sadness and despair can be seen as beautiful. How anger and jelousy can motivate you to do better. People take it for granted. And that's fine with me. I'll gladly take your emotions. 

One day though, while I'm doing my nightly emotion sessions, i experienced something.. odd. It can't be fear. It wasn't not jelousy. I dont know what I'm feeling. Tears are falling from my eyes. It was not sadness from what i can tell. It was joy. Happiness. I started smiling. Laughing. I didn't understand why I'm crying but i didn't care. I was happy! I took a shower happily that day. I brushed my teeth happily. I happily read a book. I went to sleep happy. 

Every week , there's always this one person donating their happiness. I don't know who, though. I don't have any way of knowing. 

Last week, i can't find any happiness. Last week, my dad called me. He told me my mom committed suicide.

My.. mom.

Now, i understand why people donate those emotions.

My mom gave her life so i could enjoy mine. 

I'm so sorry, mom. I'M FUCKING SORRY.