He hands me the drink and I down it: hesitation is for the weak.

“Woooohhh!” I scream, hair flying as I shake out my limbs on the sofa. I can feel the alcohol blurring the edges of my brain while the new drug I’ve discovered, XXX, sharpens tiny little details that had previously escaped my notice. Had the bar stool always been such a piecing brown? Why was the room spinning?

“Slow down babe,” he laughs, pulling me in tight so that I can feel the hardness of his muscles through the thin silk of my dress. He doesn’t understand. I take the vodka bottle from his hands and press it to my lips, taking a long swig.

“The nights still young,” I slur out, pressing my mouth against his, sharing a little bit of the happiness alcohol brings. 

“Really Angie, slow down. You don’t want to get kicked out,” he murmurs, breath hot on my face.

I pull back from his embrace. It doesn’t matter. There’s a million other clubs to go to. Ones with much better music too. What time is it, I think in my head, and the familiar voice of Alexa answers: it’s 56:12 on B2-17. The numbers reverberate in my head, making my skull pound. Yes, the night is still young. And the time doesn’t matter anyway, the party doesn’t stop when the sun rises or when this club closes. The party hasn’t stopped for 7.6 billion years.

“Screw you,” I hiss, his golden face still so clear in my mind. How long has it been since he cursed me? So long that everything from that life had crumbled and faded, my family just blurry faces on the edge of a distant memory, the Earth had imploded after the first billion years had passed. Even that golden bastard had disappeared, vanishing with the last of his worshippers. But his curse had remained. I’d made it. I’d survived. I was a surviver, a very drunk one but a surviver nonetheless. 

“I won,” I chuckle lowly, fingers squeezing the sofa until I’ve left permanent dents in the soft leather. 

“What are you muttering about?” He asks, lips smiling but eyes blank. He’s such a boring one, I should swap him out for a new guy soon.

I curl my painted lips into a smile. An endless life to party and then party some more. I couldn’t be more happy, I tell myself. And then I try to believe it.