I couldn't take my eyes off of the woman sitting at the bar. The combination of copper hair, yoga pants and a bright white virgin killer sweater screamed, "PAY ATTENTION TO ME!" Yet she turned down every one who approached her.

Eventually I tore my eyes away from her and tried to refocus on the TV, but I'm not a football guy, and even I new a 49er's game was going to have a fairly predictable outcome.

"I really pity all you mortals," her words dripped across the table as she slid across the vinyl cushion of the bench across the bar booth from me.

My eyes were glued to hers, now. I tried, but couldn't physically look away.

"Whaaaaaaa... Doyoumean?"

'God damn! I sound like a kid that eats paint chips.' I thought, as her eyes drunkenly sloshed around my face and  the left front pillow of her lip lifted with slight confused disgust.

Silver-flecked, lapis lazuli pupils blinked with moment-forgotten annoyance and she waved her head more than shook it.

"Do you know what Elysium is?"

I shook my head mutely.

"It's a prison. But my boyfriend helped me get away before I was put there. Unfortunately he's also an abusive, gun collecting, asshole."

My mouth hung open.

"You mean Elysium and Olympus, and Hades and stuff..."

The incredulous tone of my voice wasn't very hidden. I could tell because with the most elegant flick of her wrist, she splashed the top quarter of her bourbon across my face.

"Okay." I tried to keep my tone even. "A prison. One built specifically for you.... So what does that have to do with, 'We Mortals.'"

"Well, there's a lot of you. You're not supposed to make this many of... You." That perfect curled lip of disgust all but smacked my face. "You really do make too many of you. Hades over flowed a loooong time ago. And me not being in that prison miiiiight be a little bit of why there's so many of you."

"Alright, AHEM," I was mad enough I could pull my eyes away from her's long enough to express some disgust of my own. "So I'm assuming all the extra souls supposed to go to Hades are getting locked up in Elysium then. Why talk to little old me?"

"Because I'm going to break them out and let them into Olympus. Then I'm going to lock up my boyfriend in Elysium and make myself a new one." She said with a dead even tone that had my muscles lock up in preparation to run for the front door.

"Don't believe it." I said after taking a moment to calm down. "You're an Olympian and the afterlife is over filled." I paused for a long breath in.

"Prove it. Prove your an Olympian God and you're powerful enough to do what 
You say."

She looked across the bar and found two business suit armed men talking about their wives. 

"You fucking Pythagoreans and your, laboratory repeatable evidence." She slurred, then she clicked her teeth together and raised her knee, tapping her white stiletto heal into the wooden floor with a loud thud.

"Those two had screaming queen hidden waaaaaaay down deep until now."

The businessmen dropped the phones they were using to show pictures of their families and grabbed each other. They roughly made out harder than Richard Simmons dances and tumbled to the floor together.

She slowly looked me up and down. "Love is stronger than war. People have started and ended wars over love." She said with dead cold certainty.

My throat gulped nervously and I didn't even notice it.

"Follow me," She half growled and slopped to her feet. 

I have no idea why, but I followed her.

I haven't been safe since.

I haven't been sane since!