The black hole in the middle of the universe grew hungrier and larger with every passing moment. The end wasn't far off now.

His bones were aching as his feet landed on the planet. He found her on a beach, sitting in the sand, looking at the waves. Strange thing, such an empty ocean.
She looked as young as ever, even though her hair was white and her skin was wrinkling. Life aged with the universe.

But so did Death.

He used his scythe to support himself as he walked closer, sitting down next to her. Walking became difficult with time. He knew that. They both had been in this position before. Time ran in laps. History repeated itself.

"Remember that time when you thought it would be a good idea to banish me from a galaxy?"

She chuckled and a tear ran down her cheek.

"Of course I do, it was a good learning experience." she replied bitterly.

Death didn't envy her. Destroying was easy, creating was not, especially when everything you did came with an expiry date. Secretly he always admired her. How she managed to stay so positive and loving of all things living when all they did was breathe for a relative amount of time and then die after having lived a mostly useless life... Every time he suggested fixing a failed experiment, starting anew she vehemently fought him. Even though it was clearly the smarter choice, she stayed with her decisions, leaving no soul behind until it was due for them to go. And every time she cried like a mother losing her most beloved son. He never told her these things, but maybe she suspected it.

Night fell upon them, with few stars alight. If you looked closely, you could see them vanish one by one.

"You know, I'm sorry for making things so hard for you."

Life would've turned her head in disbelief, maybe she would've gotten up and scolded Death like a small child for not understanding the situation. But she wasn't young anymore. She just didn't have the energy, there was nothing left. So she replied quietly, with a broken voice: "It's fine. You are a necessary limit to my creativity."

You could count the stars on two hands now. Only the full moon was shining down onto them.

She edged closer and he put an arm around her. Life, the mother of all things, afraid of the end, comforted by Death, destroyer of worlds. 

"Are you ready to see the next universe through with me?" Death asked, sarcastically, as always.

"Only with you."

The stars vanished, and the planet and its moon soon did too. When the black hole reached it, the two figures weren't there anymore.
