Another average night tonight. I look up and see clouds staring back at me, reflecting the strawberry-lemonade glow from the city. The roar of the Red-Light District shows no signs of perishing soon. The corner I've made into my temporary home stays in a constant state of flux. Men of varying backgrounds walk by me without a glance, accompanied by made-up ladies - or men - of the night. If I had the capability, I sometimes wonder if I'd feel disgusted by such sights.

I felt disgust once. It was like this sour flavor in the pit of my stomach that caused an uncontrollable urge to avert my eyes. I think disgust must be related to shame, an emotion I've been able to experience plenty of times here in the Red-Light District. Many of the older men who frequent this area tend to leave their shame in my collection glass.

Isn't it ironic? Unto this world where we can freely transmute our emotions into a liquid form to drink as we please, someone like me was born. If I had the capability, I think I'd feel amused by the thought.

I often wonder if curiosity should be classified as an emotion 'cause of how the concept consumes my life. I want to experience it all. Particularly that one legendary emotion I've yet to have a taste of - happy. The men and women around here always tell me that if I had money, I could buy happiness in a hotel room with one of them for a night, but I can't shake the thought that they're just trying to take my money. Besides, I've slept in one of those brothels every night as a vagrant since I was a pre-teen. The activities I hear going on at all hours of the night sound more angry than happy.

If I had the capability, I'd be grateful for my lack of emotions after all; almost immediately after birth I was sold to an organization that cultivates children's happiness to sell on the net. After a few years of failing to suck emotions out of my head, they threw me onto the streets. The cops haven’t done a thing about it yet 15 years later.

When I dig up these memories, I recall the dark feeling of loss I once got from an escort who recently miscarried. A black hole formed in my chest, sucking every thought from my brain and throwing it at the on the floor. That was despair. If I had the capability, I'd probably experience that when recalling memories of captivity. That's what dozens of children who were stuck there felt every day when off their happy pills.

A memory that would make me joyous was finding this area — men and women who shared similar experiences had a had a habit of collecting in places like the Red-Light District. When you've been used and abused from childhood, you seek out the same lifestyle as an adult. I hear slaps and slams from the brothel walls at night and wonder if the pain reminds of them of home. If I had the capability, I'd pity them. 

If I had the capability, I'd also be thankful that the "Den Mother" of this brothel was took me in and lets me sleep here in exchange for odd jobs. When you have no sense of pride, you're okay committing any acts, despite how illegal they may be.

All that is in the past. I’m 20 now and too old to be dwelling on these. Normal people would probably fall into a deep depression, lash out, seek help, and become stronger people for it. To someone like me, contemplation like this is purely a waste of time. Instead, I spend my time sitting out on the corner waiting for someone to drop another emotion in my glass. I've even made a small cardboard sign that read "Afflicted with Apathy Syndrome - please spare any emotions". Usually I get unwanted emotions like anger, lament, disgust, and self-loathing. 

Tonight would prove to be a momentous night in contrast to the past 10 years. If I had the capability, I would have been suspicious of the shifty man who stumbled onto my corner. He was giggling, and as soon as he opened his mouth I recognized him as a regular of the strip club two buildings over. He spoke in a panicked, but gleeful voice: 

"Hey buddy. Always see you here. Thought you'd enjoy this. I don't need it." 

I looked up to him with a blank stare. His eyes were an image of conflict. I couldn’t tell if he was in despair or ecstasy. He maintained eye contact for less than a second before bending down and grabbing my glass. He placed a sole finger to his temple, locating the spot for happiness, and let loose. A clear liquid dribbled out of his mouth, pooling into the cup.

I've studied what sections of the brain you press to access different emotions. I've watched it in practice numerous times, but this was the first time I saw someone give up their joy. My curiosity peaked as I thought about tasting the nectar. If I had the capability, I'd be ecstatic and liken it to The Holy Grail.

I'm used to seeing people feel relieved. Their faces loosen up after releasing their tension into that Grail. This is the first time I saw somebody devolve into a panicked look, one of fear and loathing. He looked around frantically now, keeping his head low before he backed away into the street. He gave me one last look, a look of pleading, before turning around and entering his usual strip club. If I had the capability, maybe I could decipher what that look was pleading for.

To be honest, it all happened very fast. I am left here wondering what happened with that man to make him give up this happiness, but I know better than anyone else that there is no logical reason to question it. I may never know his reasoning. But what I will know is the legendary feeling I've been wanting to find for ages. With no further hesitation, I placed my familiar glass to my lips and tipped it, pouring the sticky liquid over my tongue and down into my throat.

It always takes a few seconds for emotions to take effect. The liquid dissolves into your body as it goes down your throat, but the acidic environment of your stomach helps it seep into the body even faster. Somewhat like a drug, emotions are absorbed into your bloodstream and are carried to your heart and brain. As it makes the journey up, you slowly get to feel whatever you just absorbed slowly take over your mind. It feels like something is rotting you slowly from the inside after you've swallowed a person's self-loathing or hatred. This, though, was possibly the most delicious thing I'd ever tasted. I can't even describe it. It felt warm and comfortable. I had a strong urge to hug all the people around me, get up, and move around. I resisted, however, not wanting to distract myself from the pure sensation.

A smile involuntarily spread across my face. For once, I did not just want to live. I did not want to kill myself, either. What a foreign thought. I did feel another urge, one that I never would have thought associated with happiness. I'd felt this urge when swallowing a young man's hatred before. This emotion evoked scenes of inflicting pain on another. My hands tightened into fists as I imagined the ecstasy of punching someone in the face. I looked up for a second at the men and women walking on the streets before me, and in that second I could imagine each and every one of them on the ground, motionless – and that seemed to bring me even more joy.

Logically speaking, I don't think this is what happiness is supposed to be. It isn't what I was expecting at all, but I still would have to thank that man for letting me experience this fleeting feeling.

Fleeting it would be, however. Most people don't think about it, but happiness, sorrow, anger - they are all temporary afflictions. You can feel happy for a single moment and not happy the next. Many aren't aware of this because the things that make them happy are constants in their lives - their child's smile, a surplus of money, good food. For someone like me who can't derive their own joy from things in my life, this moment is a short one that I must enjoy while I can. However, today I felt very different. Today, I had the feeling that I could salvage this happiness. Maybe it's the sadist's saliva in me speaking, but I almost convinced myself in those few seconds that I could prolong the mental orgasm if I just got my hands on somebody. Maybe if I felt their body bending in unimaginable ways between my fingers, I could keep the drug-like effect ongoing for a few more seconds.

The only thing that kept me from going through with that heinous act was the screech of a police siren coming in, fast. I froze in place. I was standing without even realizing it, but my legs wouldn't move. Even I know better than to get in the way of the police in this area. They look for an excuse to bring people in. This time, however, the vehicle stopped in front of the strip club - the same one that sadist walked into. As he opened his door and got out, I could hear him speaking into a radio.

"...got the perp? Bring him out. I got the car ready."

Seconds later, two men in long coats walked out of the strip club, dragging the sadist by his legs. This must have been a bust. Happens frequently down here. Or maybe they were waiting to ambush him? Regardless of the reason, the three bent the man over the hood of the car, cuffing him as the uniformed policeman read him the charges.

"Arturo Sanchez, you're under arrest for two counts of homicide and multiple counts of domestic abuse. Anything you say can and will be used..."

A crowd had gathered around the scene in the two minutes it took to unfold, but by the time the vehicle sped off I'd come to the realization that my happiness was gone. It left me feeling somewhat hollow now. I didn't quite know what to do with myself for a minute. I simply sat back down on my corner.

The experience left me curious for more. I wanted to experience that emotion again, no matter what. If I had the capability, maybe I'd feel enough passion to go out and do unspeakable things for a chance at it.
