Charlie and his brother had done some bad stuff before but they always had certain lines they didn’t cross. That was until Charlie’s brother made a deal with the gizero crime family to bring them a kid, young Emily. Charlie knew he should have walked away but you never leave family to do dumb things by themselves. Charlie thought of how that night went so wrong as Ms. Gizero shot poor Emily to hide her husbands love child from the rest of the family. That was when Charlie fled to Mexico to hide out. It’s wasn’t more the a week before the whole Gizero family was found with wounds that no one could figure out why they wouldn’t stop bleeding and ranting about the giant with the galaxies for eyes. Charlie had spent the last few nights trying to drink away the fear that he couldn’t explain in the bar he was at this very night.
“There’s always consequences for your actions. That’s something you Americans never seem to understand.”stranger that sat down next to Charlie 
“Do I know you?” Charlie said as he was pulled from his thoughts. Turning to challenge the stranger. As soon as Charlie turned to the man he knew something was wrong. For the man was taller then any man in the bar even thought he was sitting. Every ounce of him was pure muscle and he gave of a presents of fear. But what truly scared Charlie was his eyes, his right eye looked as it contained a galaxy inside it constantly changing. His left eye was black as a dark hole yet if you looked long enough you would swear something was moving inside it.
“ No but, you might have know my ward Emily Gizero. Before you play dumb know that the gizero family gave me both you and your brothers names before they went insane.” The giant said as he order a drink for him and Charlie.” You where easy to track down,though I have broken certain rules and will have to answer for that I just have one question. Where is your brother?”
Charlie knew that his life was over the moment young Emily’s body hit the ground but looking at his executioner he felt a fear like nothing he had ever experienced.” Wh... what rule... who are you... why?” He was barely able to make out. “Are you gonna kill me?” He added as an after thought. 
A small chuckle escaped the strangers lips. Which made Charlie wet his pants a little.” I’m not a who so much as a what. The monsters you see as children are each humans guards against the far worse thing in the galaxy. We protect you tell you pass on to the next life. You killed my ward for money so I have killed your protectors so that the monsters that we protect your kind from will hunt you tell you die. It is something none of my species has ever done. If you tell me where he his I will not lift a hand to harm you”
Charlie took all of a second to think about it and ratted his brother out”So now I’m safe right?”
As the stranger stood up he chuckled “  I said I wasn’t going to lift a hand to harm you, I never said I would protect you now that I have killed your protection. “ 
As the stranger walked off Charlie started to protest but was cut short as invisible claws tore into is body.