Subtlety is a precise art. While my brothers and sisters can do things like hurl lightning around to fill their daily quota of godly actions, I needed to be precise. Too much mischief and all of a sudden I have Loki breathing down my back. Too little and folks wouldn't be aware of my divine intervention. 

I sighed, leaning back into my throne, a frown on my face. Yesterday I had scored high marks with Odin by turning all of the spoons to forks during the harvest festival. The stew course had been THOROUGHLY INCONVENIENCED by my works. 

But a new day brought the need for new action lest the folk below forget the Gods. 

After a minute of contemplation, I was interrupted by Loki. He slinked in, a malevolent grin on his face. "What's wrong little brother? Having trouble with your little games?" 

Man, I hated this guy. Class A douchebag. Never got why Thor liked romping around with him. He hadn't remembered a single birthday in a millennia. Just an all around negative presence. 

I glare at him, annoyed at the interruption. "Listen, I'm sure it's all fun and games causing a fire and burning a village down, but I'm trying to bring a little nuance into the world."

"What if we did something...together?" Loki leaned forward, a sly grin spreading across his features.

"That doesn't make any sense Loki! How in the name of Valhalla is the god of mischief supposed to work with the god of subtle mischief? It's just going to confuse people."

"Have a little faith brother, you're creative. You can figure it out." With a giggle he danced back a few steps, turned on his heel and strolled out of the room.

Frazzled, I run a hand through my glorious white mane of hair. I was tired of Loki coming in and upsetting the apple cart. Always getting the attention, always taking the lead.

I mulled over his words, thinking about the prospect of us teaming up. It was preposterous on its face, but maybe...maybe there was something there. After a few seconds of reflection, a giant grin spread across my face. An answer to my problems.

We would work together all right. But this time, there would be no mischief. There would be only subtle mischief. 

