There was once a saying that the souls of two different humans were once a single powerful force, parted forever to maintain balance, cursed to aimlessly search for each other so they would be one again. 

There was also a saying that when a human dies, he reincarnates, forgets his past lives and lives a new life, thus living an endless loop of different stories.

They were wrong, when they said that the unison of souls would make them strong. It only made me weak when I met him. To grow old and die, never accomplishing anything because my dreams seemed so useless when I felt his love. His warm and kind affection that swept me off my feet for so many times. 

Love. Compared to what I had achieved in this lifetime, his love is now merely a distraction to a life where one can be more than they will ever be.

After tasting success and achievements, I simply cannot stop there. I want more. To know what is out there. To pioneer an adventure through the further unknown and beyond. All that I need is time, and an endless amount of it.

The rules are simple, once you find your soulmate and fall deeply in love with him, your clock will begin ticking. Loving him everyday while time eats your life away. While love robs you of time.

Somehow, there came a day when I woke up and remembered my past 3 lives. Lives with him where I loved and perished. Lives that I yearned for more in life yet I fell for him.

So I decided to not let anything get in my way. Even him.

I remembered what it felt like meeting him. All that I needed was that feeling to know who to kill. 

I have done it for a century now. It's never easy. But I had gotten used to it. It has been years since I last met and ended a reincarnation of him. 

I've been too used to this life of immortality that I became careless. I remembered my past lives. Never once did it cross my mind that he did as well.

Reading his letter, he had always remembered all his lives with me. The lives where we loved each other and the ones where I ended him without remorse. Even with fear of death, he had chosen to find me because he simply cannot stop his feelings. He had given me so many chances yet I chose to kill him.

"but despite it all, I love you. I feel my strongest when I'm with you. In all of my final moments may it be good or bad,  you had always held my hand, gripping it ever so tightly almost begging me to not go, but time is not forgiving of us. I am sorry that I robbed you of your dreams. But I know this is not your reason of running away from us. You yourself knew why.

But I hope you can forgive me for breaking your heart so many times. In all of our lifetimes, I always part too early, leaving you in pain and misery while you waste away alone, longing for me. I remember your pain. That is why I truly understand the sorrow of loving me has brought you. I've been too selfish. Too in love.

I will not make it hard for you. I will always love you in this life and the next. I have always loved the you who had told me of her dreams.

This is my gift to you. Reach for your stars my love, for I have already reached you."

Signed by a man a name I read on the news 5 days ago. A doctor who jumped to his death.

Then a familiar feeling started welling up inside my chest as time starts ticking away.
