"Alright, Weezlboys and Weezlettes, I got some bad news. Papa Weezl needs yours truly to take some more hours at the store, so I'm gonna be streaming once a week now on, instead of bi-weekly. I gotta do my part, since his arthritis is acting up. I still love you guys, though, and I'll see you next Tuesday. Weezlboy signing out!"

With that, I pressed F7 to cut the stream, closed out of my game, shut down my PC, and got ready for a good night's sleep.

I came in to work Thursday, having ennjoyed my day off. The radio buzzing about some economic thing in Venezuela in the background. I made sure my dad wasn't there before surreptitiously turning the dial to KRUD, the local pop station. I'll admit, it mostly plays trash, but without it, I'd have 99 problems, and they'd all be country stations. I clocked in and started taking inventory for that morning while a man I only know as "Stringy" swept the front. We're *technically* a Home Depot, but in truth we're a mom and pop operation. Our store's been in the family since '55, named "The Home Depot," but when Home Depot rolled in, they decided it'd be cheaper to just work out a franchise deal to own the name and keep it solvent in exchange for a cut, rather than try and sue and earn the hatred of the state of Alabama.

Everything was quiet as usual, not a lot of people buying hardware at 8 AM on a Tuesday, until Stringy scuttled into the back room and tried to speak. I'll never understand why my dad hired him at a store. He works hard, but everything he says requires subtitles, like he's an ancillary person on some cheap, exploitative TLC show.

"Johnny, y'g't'see-man, they's got these Mess-cans, black shades, suits, comin' l'k'n' you up, mang, you gah see. Bet they cartels, mang."

I cocked my head for a moment, before figuring out what he said. I was pretty confused, but headed to the front counter. When I reached there, I gave the standard greeting of "Welcome to Home Depot, how can I help you?"

One of the three men, all of whom were indeed wearing suits and black sunglasses, spoke with a strong but measured South American accent.

"Are you 'Weezlboy101?'"

"Uh..." I stalled, trying to figure out exactly how much trouble I was in. The man removed his shades and pulled out a smartphone, opening it to a screenshot of me from the earlier night's stream.

"Is this you?" He demanded, somewhat more urgently. It was clear that he meant business. I spotted a holstered gun beneath his jacket, just barely visible, and came closer to ruining my pants than I'd care to admit.

"Uh, yes?"

"Good. I represent the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, and I have been asked to see to it that you continue streaming your video games. We will pay handsomely for it." He produced a badge and identification for me to look at for a moment before stowing it.

Stringy choked on his coffee, and I would have too had I been drinking any. I tread carefully, silently and cautiously placing my hand next to the panic button beneath the counter.

"As you probably know, you have recently experienced a sizable increase in viewership," he began. This was true, actually, as I'd experienced an unprecedented boom out of nowhere. I somehow went from 10,000 subscriptions last year to nearly 5 *million* this year. "What you may not realize," he continued, "is that most of your viewers are Venezuelan. Your viewers make up 15% of our nation's population."

I didn't say anything. I just kinda stood there glassy-eyed as the man paused and waited for me to acknowledge. After an uncomfortable pause, he continued.

"Your decision to reduce streaming, has led to a, how do you say it," he trailed off for a moment before Stringy leaned in and responded, "Eck-nomic downt'rn?"

Everyone, myself included, paused to look at Stringy for a moment, not expecting his sudden eloquence.

"Yes, an 'economic downturn.'"

I stepped back and looked at the men for a moment. I just couldn't believe what I was hearing. It was just, the *dumbest* thing I had ever heard in my life. After another minute of silence, I spoke.

"Am I being Punk'd?" 

"Excuse me, what is, 'Punk'd'?" the man said. One of his compatriots clear his throat, and said, something in Spanish. I'm not quite fluent, but it was something to the effect of, "A show where an American man-child plays jokes upon rich people."

"No, you are not being, 'Punk'd'." He handed me an official-looking letter, signed by a 'Presidente Nicolás Maduro'.

I silently stepped back toward the counter, looking more closely at the letter while hitting the panic button. I didn't know what was going on, but at this point, it's better safe than sorry. I didn't think they'd notice, but they must have spotted the move, as they immediately tackled me, picked me up, and carried me screaming into a van they had parked outside. The last thing I recall before losing consciousness is the sound of screeching tires and the sensation of my head hitting the back door.