I looked up as the whole house shook, heavy thumps on the second floor caused the the walls to rumble and I sighed heavily.  I got up form the couch and walked into the kitchen, whistling lightly as the sounds of fighting slowly leaked down stairs punctuated by the shaking house.

I sat my largest pot on the stove and began to chop and cut, throwing ingredients into the polished vessel.  Eventually a quiet shuffling noise preceded a pale figure wandering into the kitchen.  I smiled at the sleepy looking girl who smiled back shyly, coming to me and latching onto my back with a sigh.  I tousled her brown hair while I continued to chop.  "What's going on this time Patty?"

The girl shrugged, coughing lightly as she wrapped her arms around my waist.  "Ariella and Fanny are fighting again.  Not too sure why.  Something about boys."  She stifled a yawn and tucked her hands into the sleeves of her sweatshirt with a shiver.  

I kissed her forehead and chuckled, "Boys huh, I guess you girls are getting to that age." I said with a shiver of my own. "Seems like only yesterday when I adopted you four and spent time watching movies and having tea parties."

Patty giggled and hugged me again.  "Aww don't worry dad, we'll still be your little girls."  The house shook again with a loud thump and the cursing could be heard more easily as the combatants rushed about.  "Well, you know what I mean," Patty continued with a grin and a sneeze.  

At that moment a series of thumps was heard and an almighty crash at the base of the stairs reverberated through the floor.  My second daughter scrambled in, face flushed and eyes searching madly.  Seeing me she ran over grey hair flying behind her and she dove between me and the stove.  "Hey!  You know better to do that.  Not while I'm cooking Fanny."

Fanny tried to shrink herself down and clutched my legs, hiding from the open door way.  "Daddy, she's super mad this time!  You have to help please!"

I quirked an eye at her.  "Oh yeah?  Do you think you might have deserved the attention of your sister?"

The thin face flushed even deeper, a bright red offsetting her marble like skin tone.  "I mean, they broke up...  She wasn't treating him right anyways.  It isn't my fault!"

A clawing sound reached the kitchen, punctuated by heavy grunts and loud cursing.  "Ariella Chiang!  I know you aren't cussing and using that language at home!" I yelled.  The cursing subsided by the grunts grew louder and the clawing noises came closer.  I looked down at the girl trying to hide.  "What did you do to your sister?"

Before she could say anything a reddish tone hand appeared at the kitchen entrance way, pulling a muscular girl behind it.  Bright red hair fell in an angry mane and the brown eyes of the irate Ariella glared at the quivering Fanny.  "Dad!" She howled at the top of her lungs.  "She used her powers on me!  I can barely move, so hungry..."

"Too bad you can still talk you cow!" Fanny called back peeking over my side.  "Maybe if you shut your mouth you'd still have a boy friend." 

"You wait till I get my hands on you," Ariella growled clawing her way into the kitchen.  Her stomach growling like a revving car engine belied the fury on her face.  "You'll wish you were a cow you cheating thieving-"

Immediately a coldness settled over the kitchen, causing the fighting pair to quail into silence.  Patty looked over at the other entrance and wave cheerily if lethargically.  "Hi Tessa, welcome home."

The tallest of the four sisters strode in smoothly, black eyes glaring at the prone Ariella and the hiding Fanny.  Her eyes blazed with a silvery light and she tapped a foot looking at the fighting sisters.  "Patty, help Ariella sit at the table please.  Fanny, sit down and let Father cook."  Fanny minced over meekly as Patty leaned down and helped her starving sister up with a grunt of exertion, helping her sit down.  She took her own seat, watching the scene with interest as the fighting sisters looked down at the table.  They both tried to speak but Tessa cut them off immediately.  "No, enough.  I could feel and hear you two fighting blocks away, not to mention seeing the house shake.  Do you want the neighbors to call the police again with ANOTHER noise complaint?  Besides, I saw the boy with another girl.  Apparently you both got dumped so you were literally fighting over nothing."

Ariella and Fanny looked at Tessa with barely restrained embarrassment and anger.  Almost as if she was reading their minds she barked sharply.  "Don't you dare do anything to him or the other girl tomorrow!  I'll know and I will punish you.  Got that?!"

Fanny squeaked and bit her lip.  Ariella snarled angrily at Tessa.  "It's not fair!  Just cause you're a little older you think you can boss us around and-" Her face paled as Tessa stared at her, the room feeling even colder and the air sparkled from warring wills.

"Now now girls." I soothed as I set down bowls of stew before them.  "Enough's enough okay?  Let's just eat like a family and try not to fight over things like this.  Family is strongest together okay?  Now you two apologize."

Ariella and Fanny rolled their eyes but eventually muttered apologies as I hid a smile, setting more food in the middle.  Immediately Ariella attacked her bowl eating hungrily while the others dug in with good appetite.  Fanny made a snide "Moo" and yelped as she and her chair shot back from a sudden forceful kick.  

I grinned at Patty and she smiled back as she ate.  Tessa started to scold at the squabbling pair and I sighed happily at the sibling quarrel.  I love my family.