It had taken months of searching, but he decided it had all been worth it. Medical facilities with a private bathroom and shower facilities were certainly hard to come by. He closed his eyes, plugged his ears, and tipped his head back into the stream of water to bask in the roar that soothed out the stresses of the day.

"Cancer..." a voice whispered through the rolling drums of pounding water. "The cure... You must... So... Simple..."

He jerked his head forward and shook the water from his face. "Who? Where?" He gasped, but realized he was in fact alone. Curious, hopeful, he tipped his head back again, slower this time. When the sound of water was but a gentle spring rain in his thoughts, he heard. He smiled to himself as the water told him of the new wonders he would work.

***six months later***

"Morning Julie," he called as he strolled passed his secretary and into his office. She was silent as ever, a dedicated worker and successful patient as well. 
"Forty seven," he said aloud to himself.
"Two months of testing and treatment and we have succeeded forty seven times.
He sat down at his desk and turned to the large window behind it. Picking a glass from a small cabinet beneath the window, he poured a glass of a strong scotch and leaned back I his chair. He decided not to let the gloomy view of the day dampen his mood, and downed the liquor with a practiced ease.

"All these patients, people, that I shall help. My name shall be on every lip. He who stopped the march of cancer. He who took the fear of coming days from their minds. He who stopped the pain and frustration with just a single shot." 

He chuckled, pleased with his monologue, and got to work. Turning on his lights and equipment, he positioned all he would need and began the mixing process. Something that achieved such results took seemingly little time and effort to make. Quite amazing no one had thought of it before. A few hours work and he had completed another sixty doses. He would have a full schedule this week. So many patients, people, to save.

He turned off his equipment, locking and securing all but the dose he would need for today's patient. Grabbing up his case, he headed for his linen closet and donned a fresh set of scrubs. They were dark, things seemed to stay cleaner that way.  With fresh gloves and mask, he headed down the hall to see the patient.

"No... No no no oh god no please no no..." stemmed from the patients mouth. They cried, they screamed, always to nervous and unbelieving that they had been chosen to be cured. This one was younger than most, twenty five, perhaps thirty. Fit and strong, at least to judge by the way she struggled against the restraints on the bed.

"Ssshhhh, it's alright now." he soothed into her endless babbles and screams. "Your dose is here, it's time."

He placed his hand on her arm to steady her, and quickly gave her the full dose. Her screaming rose to a crescendo, but quickly began to fade off. A mild shiver, a rolling of the eyes, a foul stench, and it was done.

He smiled, patting the corpse on the arm before standing. 

"There now, that cancer shall never bother you again my dear. Doctors promise."

Striding down the hall and back to his office he stopped to tell Julie of another success. She was quiet, dead quiet, as always. How else sound she be? The dried skeletal grin upon her face showing how she had appreciated being his first patient.

He undressed quickly in his office, and stepped into his shower to relax. The water was a bit cool again, but what would you expect in an abandoned nursing home. He'd fix it tomorrow.

He closed his eyes, plugged his ears, and tipped his head back. He listened long to the whispers in the water, until.

"Yes... Yes of course. Of course!" He shouted. 
"If it works for cancer, it shall solve hunger too! Afterall,  the dead shall need no food."


(Wrote on mobile, hope formatting not terrible) 