You had gotten used to the immediacy of it, really. One minute you’d be changing the oil on your car, and then suddenly you’re lying on her bed with a wrench in hand. In place of the clank of metal, a gently humming fan and a gentle whimper. It had become routine.

You were just kids, and drunk on hormones. You hadn’t truly loved each other then, but after 10 years of being called to comfort her you had grown fond of her. Not lovers but perhaps friends. It had become routine. 

You felt the familiar rush that always preceded it and suddenly you were in a dimly lit room. As you adjusted to the light, you let out that oh so familiar sigh. Drawn out, and exaggerated, as if to question why she was claiming yet more of your precious time. It had become routine.

You had never questioned how far this ability extended. Did it reach to all corners of the Earth? Would it only ever happen in times of emotional distress? She was always crying when you arrived. Not once was she about to step in front of a bus while texting away, ignorant to the world around her. Not once was it for something simple like a stuck jar. Always crying. Her sorrow a beacon. It had become routine.

This time was different. As you sigh and turn, the question already trailing in your voice. You realize the answer as the hammer clicks. You jolt awake in bed, heaving and gasping for air. The click echoing in your mind. The deafening silence clouding the air like silence. As thoughts race through you like a swarm of locusts. Your mind rushing as you hope for that familiar confusion of suddenly finding yourself in her room. Of hearing the gentle hum of the fan, the quiet weeping. Slowly it sinks in again, finding refuge in the recesses of your mind. A sinking weight in your stomach. You learned too late that even if you were always there, it didn’t mean you could always save her. You roll over on your side and drift back to sleep hoping that this time you’ll sleep through till morning.

It has become routine.
