Listen.

When Thag was a young boy the shiny thing came to the front of his cave as he slept. Many people were afraid, but Thag knew it was not an animal. He peered at it, poked at it. A piece of it opened like a wing. Inside there were soft places to sit. All around, pieces of flat rock you could look right through. Yes, there were many strange things. But Thag was not scared.

Thag tried to know as much as he could about the shiny thing. He would tell the chief all about it tomorrow. He slept, and woke up, and doubted himself. Some things he remembered were true. But the thing had changed.

More parts of it could be opened. Most of the thing was not wood, or stone, or fur, or dirt or meat or leaves or anything we knew. There was a square pile of flat white leaves, all stuck together on one side, with black marks and some drawings. Thag and Zog studied this. Some drawings were of the thing itself, and parts of the thing. They told a story, a story still none of us understand. Thag took the story into the cave; but as he slept, someone took it away. There was anger among the camp until we knew that none of us had taken it. No one took it. It just went away.

Months later, in a thing the color of dead summer grass, Thag found a piece of the thing that came loose. He could not say it was broken -- he stuck it back inside and it looked like before. He pulled it out again, and stuck it back in. And then -- he does not know where he got the idea -- while it was inside, he twisted it.

So the thing was alive, but not in a way that we know. And it was true of all the other things. To give the little piece a twist was to wake it up.

Thag was 13 years old when he figured out how to make the thing move; nearly 14 when he could do it safely. There were two types of thing, we came to know, based on the drawings on the stick you would use to make it move. The "P R N D" ones could move. The "1 2 3 4" ones made a very loud noise and stopped moving.

The shape of the thing started to change. We saw more and more of a half-thing with less places to sit, and an open flat part in back, especially when it was time to hunt. We could go much farther in a day, chase an  animal down, lift it into the back, and the thing would carry it back home.

When Grandfather was very sick, a different thing showed up, one we had never seen, many days in a row. Wings opened in the back. You could stand up inside. There was a narrow place to sleep. There were tiny cups of water with lids, and other cups of many tiny little things that spilled out. They had black marks, like the white leaf stacks, and were hard to open. When Grandfather died, this type of thing did not come back.

Thag is now 30. He know the Thing, in whatever shape it comes, is here for us. There is a reason. We don't know, and it is a puzzle. The same marks on the stick, which make the thing go forward, backward, and stop, were also in the white leaf stack, and on those cups. Many other marks as well. But it's a story we do not understand.

But we do know, but we do not know why, that time is short. This morning, the thing is much larger. The color of an elephant, with a trunk sticking straight out. There are no wings; you cannot see into it. You have to climb into the top of its head. But we need it. And we need to figure out how to use it.