*Science officer, Ryane Solarra, report to your commanding officer in Fleet Command Central immediately.  Transmission over.*

Flipping off her wrist display and communicator, Ryane attempted to return to the report she was working on.

"Shit.  What do they want now?"

Sliding her wooden chair across the sterile floor, she stood up, gathered her jacket, and left her quarters.

After traversing the deep valleys of the industrial hive that is Kepler system 17xb in the aerial transport, she found herself staring at the Brigadier General's assistant who was the same rank as herself.

"What is this about, Jake?"

"You're fucked is what."

"What do you mean?"

"You haven't heard?"

"No...I've been busy finishing up these fucking reports about Earth."

"That's funny.  Did you include in your report that a meteor just took a huge dump on Earth?"

Blood drained from her face, and Ryane's vision began to narrow.  

"What?"

As Rayne was about to meet the floor, the Brigadier General's door slid open.

"Attention on deck!" shouted Jake

Snapping to attention, Ryane recovered before she fully lost her balance.

"Enough of that, nonsense, Jake.  Ryane get in here."

"Yes, sir."  Ryane shot a knowing glance and nod of thanks to Jake.

"Sir, what is this about?  I just got back to base, sir." asked Ryane as soon as the door sealed.

"Yeah, from Earth.  The one that is in ruins after a meteor slammed into it.  If it wasn't for some quick thinking by Major Marx who just happened to be on mission to Jupiter, every mammal including those humans you're so fond of, would be dust.  As it is now, only 3 of every 5 humans are dead, if our life sensors are to be of any indication."

Slumping into a chair, Ryane felt like the gravity engines had turned off and she was floating in an endless void with no hope of recovery.

*Over...half?,* she thought.

"How can that be?  There was absolutely no indication of an impact event, sir.  I double, no triple checked the calculations of any potential NEOs before returning home.  There was nothing.  It doesn't make sense, sir"

Ryane felt tears well up in the ducts of her eyes.  She couldn't help but think about the countless lives that were lost.

"You're one of our best, Ryane.  However, The Council won't give two shits about your past record.  Earth was YOUR planet to look after Ryane.  Yours.  And now it's basically gone." 

"What do I do, sir?"

"You need to get back to Earth and clean up the mess or you should expect to hang up your rank and rot in jail.  Marx is already removing the debris and dust blocking out the Sun.  You need to relieve Marx, find the survivors, and help them rebuild.  Discreetly."   

"Sir. I will, sir."  

"There is something amiss here, Ryane.  Maybe those plans by that terrorist group were not rumor.  A shame they decided to strike your planet, Ryane.  Well, get to work.  I'd hate to see you tossed out."

"I will fix this, sir."

"I know you will."

Entering Earth's atmosphere was always exhilarating.  But, this time it felt like her excrement evaporator had malfunctioned and the shit was beginning to fill up her flight suit.

"Alright, hide the ship in that cave cleft there."  Motioned Ryane to her flight coordinator using the ship's primary HUD.  Memories of the planet before and after impact ran through Ryane's memories like one of those old picture books she was fond of looking at when growing up.  The planet currently looked like hell - it's been about 1 week since the impact.  Fortunately, half of the planet wasn't in complete shambles.  The impact, however, disrupted the tectonics of the entire planet and shifted Africa into the Southern part of Europe.  The place where she and her team would start their recovery efforts.

After the ship made contact with Earth's surface, Ryane made her way to an exit hatch and began prepping how she was going to help Earth return to its prime.  And more importantly, how to do it without revealing her people.

Pressing a few options on her wrist display, Ryane's visage wavered. A flowing black cloak replaced her flight suit , which covered a taller than expected frame.  Modifying a walking stick using additional projections, Ryane waited for the ship's ramp to fully extend and then began walking towards one of the most densely populated underground bunkers.  Skeletal fingers gripped a lengthy wooden stick which ended in a curved steel blade.      

"Let's get this done." thought Ryane.  "If the visage of Death can't prompt these people to action, nothing will."