[WP]: Time travel exists. As per strict government law, one can repeat a day on loop till you get it right. You find your spouse exhausted and in anguish about how they can't save it.

  The warm sun rays splashed over my face, slowly wakening me from my slumber. I checked my alarm - 8:30. Shit. I was going to be late for work - again. Not an excellent start to the day.

  Quickly, grabbing a pair of clothes I dashed downstairs. My boss wasn't one to think that a miss is as good as a mile.

"Mike, make dinner," I shouted in the general direction of the kitchen, "And wake me up next time - I overslept again."

  I paused, readying counters to his regular retorts - but lacked the need to, for my demand was met only by silence.

  This wasn't Mike - staying silent, missing an opportunity to take a jab. Something was wrong. I made my way to the kitchen, the faint noise of Mile sobbing growing louder and louder.

"What's wrong?" I asked worriedly. Scrawled up in a ball behind the counter, he cried, the tears flowing freely from his eyes.

"Eden," he whimpered, his voice barely penetrating through the barrage of tears. My heart skipped a beat - this was serious. He hadn't called me by my real name personally since our marriage.

  Crouching down, I took him in my arms, kissing him on the forehead. Whatever it was, I'd be here with him. In my head, I cursed myself - how could I sleep so blissfully with my husband crying? What kind of man did that make me?

"I can't save you," he wailed, "I'm pathetic. I've tried everything. I can't." Dark circles surrounded his eyes, and it was more than just a lack of sleep - it was as if he'd been working weeks on end.

  My heart fell to my knees. Time travel *was* possible, but each human could only reset one day in their whole lives, though they could do it repeatedly till they got it right. If Mike was doing it, then it was something regarding life and death. And most probably, regarding mine.

"What do you mean? What are you trying to save me from?" I whispered, anxiety etching along my features. Me and him had a perfect life ahead. Nothing could stop *us*. Nothing. I refused to accept anything else.

"I-I- don't know. You have some disease or something. A-and it kills you tonigh-" he paused, unable to complete - but his bawling told him everything I needed to know.

  I hunched back, resting against the shelves. Today was my last day. If Mike couldn't save me, no-one could. For a second depression took me - I was dying. Everything I worked so hard for was being taken away. And I was leaving Michael, my better half, my light, my everything, alone.

  But soon, a resolve took over - I'd live my end to the fullest. My last day would be the happiest day of my life. I deserved to ask for that much.

"Mike," I said, my voice strong. He looked at me, his eyes watery and exhausted.

"I'm not going to let my last moments be both of us crying in a small apartment kitchen. No - it should be a day of wonder, a day where the only regret we should have is that it will end. Mike, I know this is selfish of me to ask - but please smile. We have 15 hours ahead of us - time I intend to spend with you," I said, ruffling his ginger hair. Wiping away the tear drops, and with a great deal of strength he smiled, albeit a bit tiredly. A tired smile that shone brighter than the morning sun, forcing me to smile back. For a second, my death seemed so far away. 

  Letting the music blare and filling two cups of wine, I led him to the hall, were we spent the day kissing, laughing, dancing and drinking. Night fell, and we both slumped down on the woollen couch, both of us too afraid to talk.

  Yet something wasn't right - and immediately, it clicked. I wanted to spend a proper normal life with him, grow old with him. That was the only thing that seemed right. This was but a cheap substitute of that, a mask to hide our true desires.

  'Each human may reset one day, how many ever times they want, till they get it right.' The words repeated themselves in my head, flickering, till a light bulb went off in my head. I pulled out the device, a plain metallic cube with gears and switches, with one button in the centre. Noticing this Mike did the same. It would only work if the cube sensed we felt we hadn't got this right - nodding to each other, we pressed the button, turning out eyes to the massive wooden grandfather's clock rested against the wall, an old family relic of mine.

  The hands began to rewind, slowly turning backwards, daylight started to stream through the windows, slowly reducing in intensity. The wine glasses moved back to the shelves, the bottle filled itself back up, all the spilt alcohol disappeared. Then, the clock paused. 8:30. We both turned to each other, relieved and smiling, his deep green eyes sharing my look of knowing.

We had all the time in the world for each other.

r/BetterTales for more, would love critique



  


