Someone grabs my arm, and I startle awake.

Something isn't right, though. I can't put my finger on it. The throb of the engine, the low hum of electrical equipment next door, the soft murmurs of the crew -- all as expected. And yet I'm immediately uneasy.

"Your watch, sir." The sailor waits until I grunt an acknowledgement before heading off. I get up, make my way through the wardroom and into the control room. The men on watch attend to their tasks as I head up into the conning tower. 

"Permission to come up?" The assent comes through the hatch, and I climb up onto the bridge. Night in the Sea of Japan. It's colder than our usual haunts. The officer I'm relieving makes his report, and heads below. I look up. The lookouts are perched at their posts, binoculars clamped to their eyes as they scan their assigned sectors. Higher up, the radar antenna makes its unceasing sweeps. I scan the horizon myself. Clear skies, calm seas. Nothing to see. Nothing to see, but something isn't right. My skin prickles between my shoulder blades and I break out into a sweat despite the chill in the air.

"Aircraft, port bow, closing!" The scream of the lookout shatters the silence. I look up, then out, following the direction of the arm he's flung out. It takes a second before I see it, a shadow, a patch of sky darker than the rest, rapidly growing larger. The sea is closing over the foredeck. When did I give the order to dive? When did I order the bridge cleared? I must have, because as I look back the last lookout is already throwing himself through the  hatch. I follow him, dogging the hatch closed above me, moving faster than I've ever done in a drill, but somehow I know it's already too late, the enemy too close aboard.

I'm down in the control room. The skipper is there, he's yelling orders, but everything is muffled. Men, moving quickly, half seen in the red light , a throb as the engines push as forward at flank speed. The deck cants down as the dive planes catch, biting the water, pulling our bow towards the safety of the depths.

How did he see us? Have they managed to fit radar on their planes? It was only a matter of time, I suppose. Radar, or the magnetic detector that fellow at the Royal Hawaiian was mumbling about after our last refit. The Royal Hawaiian? I'm certain I'll never see it again. 

There's a massive clang and the boat shakes. I'm thrown to the deck. I can't hear anything as I pull myself upright, clinging to the chart table. The deck is still tilting, but now we're down by the stern. There's a roar from astern, metallic bangs and groans. My ears start to hurt as the air pressure build up. I look at the skipper just as he looks at me. He knows, I see it in his face. Water rushing in, forcing the air into a smaller space. More pressure, more heat, simple physics. 

I look around at the men in the control room. No panic, not yet. Four patrols, a veteran crew. How can they be so brave? They must know, as I do, that we aren't going to make it. The plane, too close, and our boat, caught off guard and too slow to dive. A bomb? A depth charge? It doesn't matter. Something hit us astern, and now the boat's going down. Why aren't I panicking? This all seems familiar, pre-ordained, like we're all actors playing our parts.

The tilt worsens, I'm having to hold myself upright. I look at the after bulkhead. A solid wall of steel, expect it's not, pipes and conduits, necessary connections from compartment to compartment. I think... no, definitely, I see water starting to spray through the fittings. Now there's water coming between the bulkhead and the hatch, thin streams at first, rivulets running down the grey metal, rapidly coalescing into a stream. I look over. The planesmen are sitting at their controls, their muscles bulging as they fight to maintain control of the hydraulic surfaces. The diving officer is behind them. His mouth is wide open, he must be yelling something, but all I can hear is the roar of water pouring in.

It's up to our hips, now, freezing. Now some of the men are panicking, leaving their stations, heading forward. To where? The hatches are closed, not that it will do us any good. Others stay still, their faces wet. Tears? Seawater? Is this how it was for the Nips? We've sunk six ships, one a troopship. How did those sons of Nippon meet their ends, trapped in the hold? A mad scramble for the deck, every man for himself in a mad fight at the foot of the ladder, trying to climb out in the dark as the sea pours in? I never thought of them before, never as men, just as ships, as targets, as the enemy. What's the Jap pilot thinking right now? Does he even know he hit us?

Something slams into my side. I turn, and the captain is right there. He reaches out, reaches past me, then clamps his hand on the back of my head and pulls me towards him. I can't feel the deck anymore, the water has lifted us up. I should be shivering, the water's ice cold, but I'm warm all over.

I'm face to face with the skipper. He's yelling something, and I can barely make it out. He yells again, and again, and finally I can make out his words. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" Then suddenly, he's gone, thrashing in the water. I lean back, push my face up into the last few inches between the overhead and the surface of the water. The lights are somehow still on, but I can't see anything as the water boils and froths around me. It's harder to breath now, every breath sucking in spray and salt. I'm kissing the metal as the water comes up, continuing its inexorable rise. Where's everyone else? I close my eyes, take a deep breath, my last. There's a pain in my chest, it builds and burns and builds, I can't hold my breath any more, I can't, I have to--

Someone grabs my arm, and I startle awake.