"It's a curse, Zlewesky, others don't see it, but your dad and I, we did," mum coughed as she struggled to finish her last sentence, her frail hands holding me. I gently stroke them, feeling the wrinkles beneath mine.

She pulled me closer to her. Her hands trembled as she whispered into my ears. "You're the last remnant of us now."

I watched as her eyes fluttered, before closing forever. I laid her head down on her favourite pillow, as I stared at the window. The pine trees swayed gently in the wind, as dark clouds gathered overhead. The only remaining person that I know was gone. I let a drop of tear run down my face, as I carried mum outside, to the hole I dug beside dad.

It took me an hour to cover mum and to place a simple cross on it just like dad's. Mum insisted that we fashioned a cross for dad, two sticks tied together in the middle, which I guessed was something they brought from the outside world. I thought mum would love it too, which was why I made it for her as well. On it I carved her name, Abcde, just like how we did Dad's as well. Uwuwewe.

I stood there for the longest time, until the rain started falling and the rain stopped, wondering for the first time what it would mean for me to live a life by myself. All my life mum and dad had told me about the outside world, of the war that was happening when they ran.

"We were the last of the Free Namers," dad would tell me, and mum nodded silently beside him. They told me of the plague that was gripping humanity, how nations formed on the basis of names were declaring war on each other. Just to prove which name was better.

"But it's all an illusion, a distraction of what's to come," dad would then add, always reminding me of the real danger that was coming. When he died, mum took on that role. Every day and night.

"It's a curse disguised as a gift, my son. Our founder saw through that, and he sought to preserve the individuality of humanity. But to the nations, they saw him as a rebel and persecuted him. The Free Namers were hunted, killed as a sport, even though the wars raged on." The story replayed in my head. I was the last of the Free Namers, fighting a cause that I never asked for.

As I was walking back to the cabin, the only home I knew for the last twenty years, a loud clap rumbled through the sky, shaking the ground beneath me. And from the sky, black flying objects descended. I instinctively ran towards the cover of the trees, peering at the objects as they headed for the City of Bobs.

Perhaps my time has finally come, I thought to myself, as I followed them.

-----------

/r/dori_tales