"Mr. Rux, the villagers are building a new temple. Can we go see it, please?" The words were pleading, soft and urgent. The sounds carried in the treasure-filled cave.

A huff, equally gentle, came from beneath a pile of gold coins. "My dear Emily, we have discussed this. It is too dangerous."

Emily wrinkled her nose. She held up the spyglass, peering down at the construction taking place in the center of town. She had watched as strangers came to the town, men and women dressed in royal colours of reds and oranges and blacks. They were soon followed by an influx of workers using oxen to carry in large white stones for the foundation of the temple.

Emily was curious about the town, the people, the world around her. She had grown up listening to Mr. Rux's stories of kingdoms and his travels from his youth. She had listened, and many times fallen asleep, as he rambled about the strange creatures and cultures he had witnessed as he lived. She had hundreds of books of stories and heros and journies; Mr. Rux had taken the time to teach her many languages, including the ones that had died before his grandmother had hatched from her own eggs. 

Sometimes when she was gathering fruit and wild mushrooms in the nearby forest, she liked to imagine she was a great Eleven General, leading her men to victory against the Warlocks of Evergreen. Or she was a pirate Queen, raiding along the ivory coasts of Lenora and carefully navigating amongst the Mermaid Seas to the south. 

Emily lived in her mind, and she knew it. She knew the life she lived was so different then the people below her who worked and toiled in the fields day after day. She saw all of it through her spyglass, a treasure she had found one day while Mr. Rux snored in his afternoon nap. Mr. Rux had spied the gold and engraved item a few days later, but he only snorted when Emily smiled sheepishly at being caught.

There was silence in the cave and then a rustle of coin and the *tinkling* of mental, gold, gemstones and the *flop* of books tumbling shut. Emily put down the spyglass as the cave almost rumbled beneath her feet. She glanced over her shoulder as Mr. Rux finally joined her at the entrance of the cave. His gold scales were twice the size of dinner plates, his sharp green snake-eye as big as her head, and his wings were wider than a warships sailing mast. 

Mr. Rux lowered his head, rumbling deep in his throat as he looked at the town beneath him. He narrowed his gaze before he snorted and a puff of smoke escaped his lips. 

"You say they are building a temple?" 

"Yes, Mr. Rux."

"Hmmm... probably to some cult." 

"Or... perhaps they are building one for you." Emily shrugged.

Mr. Rux focused his gaze on her. He raised a horned eyebrow as he snorted. "To me? Those humans would raise a temple in my name?"

"Well, you are kind," Emily began. Mr. Rux snorted and another small puff of flame escaped his lips. "You raised me when my mother was killed by trolls. You could have left me to the wilderness, but you didn't." 

Mr. Rux watched her for a long time and Emily wondered if she had said something wrong. It was true though, Mr. Rux had raised her, sheltered and provided for her. When she was old enough to understand, he told her of her fate and how she arrived in his hands.

"Yes... yes... the trolls. Stupid creatures." Mr. Rux muttered. He shook his head, the movement causing the scales to shiver along his body. He sighed and gave the village one last look before he turned, mindful of Emily's body. "Come, we must have dinner, my sweet. Did you make the fig pie?"

Emily sighed and pocketed her spy glass. She followed Mr. Rux back into the cave. "Yes I did. Although I have no idea where the elves got Murra sugar. The country was on the otherside of the world!"

"Ah! Then that will be our next lesson," Mr. Rux chirped as he coiled himself around the mismatched kitchen he had compiled over the years as Emily revealed a fig pie. She glanced up at him as she cut a slice for herself and lifted the crust out of the pan, offering it up to him.

"What lesson?"

"On trade routes, my dear, and how it can make kingdoms invade each other for goods." Mr. Rux replied, carefully picking up the pie with his clawed nails. He licked his lips.

"Why would kingdoms invade each other? Wouldn't that cause needless death?"

Mr. Rux paused, the pie almost to his mouth. "Yes, my dear sweet child. In fact..." he hesisated before he leaned down, so he was eye level with her. "Many years ago... there was a kingdom that was invaded and a dying soldier went to a wizard and asked for his help in keeping safe the kingdoms greatest treasure."

Emily nibbled on a bit of crust. "What was the treasure?"

Mr. Rux shrugged, his wings tilting with the movement. "A small creature, pure and innocent. The soldier said that someday it would save the world but not before experiencing great pain and suffering."

Emily swallowed. "That... that sounds horrible."

"Indeed. I thought so too." Mr. Rux sighed before he smiled, revealing his sharp teeth. "Now, while I eat this pie, I want you to tell me of what book you read today and then we will begin with the lecture."

Emily smiled. "Yes, Mr. Rux." 