It only took Miss Majestic thirty minutes to find her target.

His house was built of dark wood and scorch-blackened steel, twisting malignantly into the sky to form ominous Gothic spires that towered over the rest of the unremarkable suburb. Around it, the neighborhood was going about its Saturday-morning business, the residents seemingly oblivious to the nightmarish structure looming over their street.

Baron Automaton was standing just off the fanged porch, hose in hand, whistling nonchalantly as he watered his yard’s weeds. She’d never seen him without his golden mask before. He was barely her own age, far younger than she’d guessed.

“Miss Majestic!” He shouted as she descended to alight on the sidewalk. “How did you find me in my civilian identity?!”

The heroine watched with a raised eyebrow as her nemesis tensed, raising the garden hose as if to threaten her off with it.

“Seriously?” She asked. “Look at your house, dude.”

He actually did, turning to regard it with narrowed eyes.

“Damn, you might have a point,” he muttered, the fight draining out of him. 

“Take me away, then. I’ll come quietly.”

“I’m… actually just here to apologize,” Miss Majestic said, hesitantly. “I shouldn’t have turned you over to the police the other day. I didn’t believe the bystanders when they said you weren’t involved with the bank robbery.”

“That’s alright, I escaped anyhow!” The Baron replied, grinning.

“The police said they released you for good behavior,” she said, raising an eyebrow again. “According to their records, you haven’t actually committed any serious crimes.”

“That is *not true!”* The Baron gasped indignantly. “I commit crimes all the time! I’ve been breaking into animal shelters all week!”

“What for?” She asked skeptically.

“To get a Persian cat to stroke while plotting, obviously.” He sniffed.

“And have you actually stolen one?”

“I haven’t found one with the right temperament yet!” He said defensively. “And anyway, the week before, I seized control of the Grand Central Bridge! Hundreds of civilians had to be evacuated by the police!”

“One of the evacuees was planning to jump,” she said. “You saved his life.”

“Cereal factory bomb threat!”

“The investigation revealed several health code violations. There were harmful chemicals in the product.”

“Airport sabotage!”

“Prevented an international incident.”

“Celebrity kidnapping!”

“Her husband was abusing her.”

“Goddammit!” He yelled, throwing the hose down despondently. “Fine, you win! I’m a shitty villain, okay?! I have powers of invention and an army of clockwork robots, and I can’t even make the nightly news.”

Miss Majestic looked at her nemesis, standing defeated in his hideous lawn covered with sodden weeds, and couldn’t help feeling it tug at her heartstrings.

“Anyway, until our next battle, Baron,” she said teasingly, rising into the air once more. “Try not to get to carried away with… what was it again? Conspiracy to *adopt a kitten?”*

“I don’t know why you bother,” he muttered, looking down. “You deserve a better nemesis. I’m not a very good villain.”

“Yeah, you kind of aren’t,” she agreed. He looked up, distraught, and she winked before turning to swoop away. “But hey, you’re shaping up to be a decent hero.”