Howard rolled his eyes. "This is totally stupid," he muttered as they entered Arkham library.


 Howard was being dragged to the library by his younger brother, Phillip, all so that Phillip could play some stupid joke on the old librarian, Mr.Alhazred. 


Phillip walked into the library, followed by Howard.


"This will be great," said Phillip, "he's never failed to get us a book."


Howard said, "Tell me, what's so funny about seeing that old bloke fail?"


 Phillip grinned, ignoring Howard.


"Ah, the two young Armitages approach!" exclaimed the librarian, Mr Alhazred, as Howard and Phillip walked up to him. "Which book would you two like?" grinned Mr. Alhazred.


"*The Necronomicon*," stated Phillip before Howard could say anything.


Mr. Alhazred looked stunned. Phillip grinned. Howard, who respected Mr. Alhazred and was sure that he would be very angry indeed, looked slightly embarrassed. Much to both boys' surprise, Mr. Alhazred smiled broadly. He looked almost sinister.


"Of course! Be right back!" he said.


As soon as he left, Howard turned on Phillip.


"This is absolutely stupid!"


Phillip shrugged. The summer break boredom was getting to him.
 

But before Howard could retort, Mr.Alhazred had returned. 
The two boys stared at him. His eyebrows were missing, and there was smoke around and he had long nasty cuts and burns all over his body. He handed the big, black leather bound tome to the boys.


"Here it is!" Mr.Alhazred exclaimed.


" Th-Thanks..." Phillip stuttered. He had not expected to actually receive the book. He didn't even *believe* that it was real!


*It's some sore of joke,* Phillip decided, though he had no idea how  Mr. Alhazred  got the book, and how he looked like he had just crawled through hell to get it.


"It's in English, translated it myself." said Mr. Alhazred. "Due back in 3 weeks!" he said cheerfully.:


Howard took it to a nearby table.


"Come to think of it, I'll read it with you boys..." said the librarian.


He turned a few pages.


"Ah, here it is," he chuckled. 


"Summoning of the Olde Gods, highly dangerous..." he trailed off. Phillip looked at him. There was a glint in the librarians eyes. Mr. Alhazred grinned. 


"I'm sorry," he said. "I was forbidden to open it by the priest of old...but you boys opened it for me! The chance at salvation has presented itself! Praise, praise the new God, The Black Goat of the Woods with a Thousand Young!"


 Without warning, he pushed both boys back and shouted something, something right under a paragraph titled "Summoning Shub-Niggurath."


"Ia! Shub- Niggurath!"


Everything went black.


When Howard and Phillip woke up there was a storm going on outside. A large chunk of the library's ceiling was destroyed. When they went out, it was raining heavily. There were strange people in black cloaks everywhere. 
Among them was Mr. Alhazred.

"Hi,boys!" he grinned evilly.


Howard could see the sea from where he was standing. From it rose a large shape. It did not look remotely human. It was sprouting several tentacles. It roared.


Nearly drowning the beast's roars, the people in the black cloaks shouted-


"IA! SHUB-NIGGURATH!"

They had summoned something, something not from the natural universe. Something from the godless and endless masses beyond the plane.

