- The world is dying and I couldn’t be happier. Here’s to the death of sanity.

- Capt Earold Saiph, Commander of the 34th fleet Royal Naval Regiment

I learned in my teen years that the doctor indeed told my parents about my ‘situation’. Apparently, so I’m told, children like me weren’t as rare as you might think and that cases like mine were ‘nothing to be worried about’. Maybe if they listened to those lies things would have turned out differently. Maybe I would be a normal functioning human being and I sometimes imagine what that’d be like as I fail to fall asleep every night.

My mom once told me that my great grandfather had no names carved into his skin and that nobody before him had either. I remember sitting across my grandfather as a little girl listening to him talk on and on about how his mother and father tried the local doctors to fix his namebirths only to have them tattooed over later in life. I couldn’t imagine what that would have been like for them, not to run your fingers over the small indented flesh and memorize every twist and turn of whatever foreign language it might be, as rarely ever was it your own language. Some friends I knew used to learn those languages for sport in an attempt to feel closer to their own fates.

The press likes to point out that one name is your future lover and the other is your murderer, so you better only have one name. I always thought this was bull as you’d never know if that one name was your lover or the one who’d kill you in your sleep. Or both. Maybe somewhere some poor sap has my name carved from birth into his body.

They say there’s around 370 or so indigenous tribes around the world nowadays each with complicated and, as they say, ‘hereto unknown’ languages and writing systems. It’s not uncommon for a child to be born with a name that isn’t easily translated and has to be researched which inevitably inflates the medical bill. Go figure. Children born with Central Nepalese names from the 1400s or remote African tribes from the south might run a cool additional $400 but at least you learn something about the future of your ‘new and dear baby girl’. Not that I would know.

One of the things that I hate the most about society is how strongly they push the naming-agenda. The fact that every television commercial plays the same damn elevator music while the slick faced naming-agent pedals the same misnomer about our namebirths while trying to act as a psychic pretending that your namebirth means something pretty and safe. Yea sure I totally believe your claims that ‘Emily’ means long-life and rebirth… you psychic twats. But here we are and here I am and let’s just say my story doesn’t sugar coat reality with worthless lies of deception designed to bleed your pockets of money.

Some parents won’t even name their child until their namebirths come through the skin so that they don’t accidentally name their child one of the child’s namebirths. Nobody wants to go around wondering if they will either marry someone of the same name or commit suicide. Some parents think it’s a sin not to take that chance. It’s a crock of bullshit either way if you ask me.

My namebirths sit upon my left shoulder and right rib cage. Much better than the poor saps who have their namebirths written bold across their faces. Leith is on my shoulder and some other name no medical personnel can pronounce runs from my hip to just under my right breast and if you believe in that psychic nonsense those names dictate who I am on the inside or whatever.

What doesn’t help my psyche is that my great great Grandmother’s name was Leith and that my parents named me after her. If history is to be believed I’m either going to kill myself, marry some other Leith, or some such nonsense. Guess they don’t know me very well. I’d like to believe I was just an accident and that the names carved into my skin don’t determine who I am, but who am I kidding.

As I take shelter and look out of the broken window on the 3rd floor of an old highschool I see the fires spread across the city I grew up in. Tracer rounds brighten the sky and although I know that it’s dangerous to sit here I watch intently as the world around me burns to ashes and the searchlights from above scan the pire. Maybe just maybe my soulmate will be death and I have his name carved into my skin. Or maybe I’m being too melodramatic.

A deafening THUD from downstairs followed by the floor shaking violently pulls me from my thoughts and I immediately spring into action. Running the same drills dozens of times my fingers find the safetile as I pry it up and pull the revolver out. It’s shiny cool metallic surface shatters the light refracted from the broken window as I ensure, for the hundredth time, that all three rounds are there. Screams from down the hall echo across the metal surface of the old school’s lockers. Filled with C4 and other explosives those pale green buggers aren’t going to like the toys those AP chemistry nerds rigged up.

Something hits my face hard and I lose my hearing and am thrown to the ground. Smoke and dust fill my lungs as I try to find my bearings. The piercing scream of silence perforates my mind and through the settling dust I see a Schren look down upon me, it’s odd knees bent in wrong directions and as I look up I see it’s flat pale alien expression look down upon me. It gestures with one of it’s 3 fingered hands and I begin to be pulled by my ankles towards a hold in the brick wall that wasn’t there before. I follow the Schren’s large glassy eyes as I’m pulled out into the corridor before falling unconscious.

The throbbing in my head wakes me and as I open my eyes and my heart fails a few beats as I realize my namebirth is not the sweet death I hoped it to be, but something much, much more terrifying. And even worse I would learn, it was their doing all along.
