Take a left at Australia, go past the long string of islands and turn left again, you’ll know the destination when you get there.

“Harrumph, Australia, not sure why we had to adopt the mortal’s naming,” Lethean muttered. “Hey Grimmy, you sure you didn’t get this one before? I really hate going down to Earth, the last time I went I almost got hit by a stray exorcism.”

“For the last time no, I promise, cross my bones…”

“That doesn’t mean anything to me.”

“Whatever, point is, this isn’t some revenge prank for hiding clovers in my robe. I never got that guy before. Besides, they cut down on the whole exorcisms and running around blessing things routine hundreds of years ago.”

Lethean sighed a forgotten rattle and began the long journey towards Earth; he could see his brother’s footfalls marked into the broken path but he was not as practiced in this route and took many steps to his brother’s few. The sun was uncomfortable but his untattered cloak did a reasonable job. The journey was long and unsightly; out of shear boredom he saw a small fish in the watery depths and decided to erase it from memory. He was supposed to do that but who would know?

He spied his destination at long last and the man who resided there. It was clear the man was watchful as Lethean was still a ways out when the man stood up; He seemed at first eager, and then a little upset. Lethean drew nearer and the man, mustering his courage shouted out at him.

”So you’ve come to take me have you?”

 The man put on a stern face, if only to keep a tear from his sunbaked eyes.

“In a manner, though in truth you have already been taken.”

The man shrank back at the sound of Lethean’s voice and a confused uncertain look came over him.

“Why now, why not two years ago with all the others? Why would you make me endure all this,” he waved his arms at the small island, “only to kill me anyway?”

“Kill you? Oh, of course, you must be thinking of my brother, no I am not him. I am not the reaper of souls. You might notice the tool I carry is not a scythe.”

Lethean took up his staff and with a flourish uncovered the ashy tip from which an inky smoke fell.

“This is my tool.”

“A..aand what is that?” the man asked, now utterly bewildered and afraid.

Lethean grinned at the man and began to draw swirls in the air around him. They were black in their form and yet vivid in the mind bringing forth sensations of touch, of smells, of sound and color.

“My mother’s fiftieth birthday!” The man exclaimed, “I remember that day like it was yesterday. And the home I built. But what does this mean?”

Lethean’s grin widened and he began, ever so gently, to cross a piece out.

“What was your mother’s name I wonder? It was written so beautifully on the cake.”

“I… I don’t remember!” the man stammered. How can I not remember? You! You did something just there. What did you do?” he pointed furiously at the spot Lethean had disturbed.

Lethean smiled at the man before restoring the memory as it was.

“MARGARET!” the man exclaimed in relief.

“You may understand now that I am the reaper of memories. I, unfortunately, am not here to take yours, for you still firmly grasp at what remains in your mind. It is my duty, however, to inform you that you have died, most unexpectedly I might add, in the memory of this world.”

“I don’t understand, you mean I’ve been forgotten?”

“Yes.”

“I’ve accepted they stopped looking for me, but how could I be forgotten? What about Alexandra or my boy Philip? I told them I would earn money; I still can if a ship comes near.”

“Perhaps I can make this clearer. None who live upon this Earth can speak your name and know you.”

“No… no, no no no.” the man was pacing furiously; tears began to stain his cheeks. “They can’t be dead, they can’t be, we didn’t have much but how could it come to this? You must know! Tell me!”

"I can assure you it is so, I have been at this a while. And I do not bother with the affairs of my brother so do not ask me such questions.”

“What is there left to do,” The man cried. ‘They were all I had left; they were the ship on the horizon.”

“I cannot answer these questions for you mortal. I can only say, the day my brother comes for you; I expect I will be visiting the souls of your family.”

The man looked at Lethean.

Lethean faded away.
