"Okay, Charles, I am going to ask this question again," Dr Wong instructs and I nod. He looks at his nurse, Tina. It is a strange look. Definitely not a smile. His cheerful voice is gone. 

"How many people do you see in this room?"

I look at Dr Wong. "One."

Then Miss Tina. "Two."

And the small girl behind them. I suppose she might be one of their daughter, though they did not tell me earlier about her. "Three."

I turn my head to the old man lying on the bed. Perhaps he is one of Dr Wong's patients who is resting in the room. "Four."

"Are you sure you are not seeing double, Charles?" Dr Wong asks again, now with a more concerned voice. "Like there is two of me, and two of Tina, it could be a side effect of your eyes trying to adjust."

I shake my head. "Err, no? There is a girl standing by the door and there is an old man lying on the bed. Four of you."

I point to the directions I mentioned. Dr Wong and Tina look towards the direction I am pointing and then at each other, and then back at me. 

"Charles, I don't know what game you a trying to play, but there is only me and Tina in this room, right now, aside from you." Dr Wong's voice is serious now. I can tell that he is not joking. Both he and Tina are not smiling.

I don't understand. I can see clearly the small girl and the old man. They are there, clear as Dr Wong and Tina. I stand up and walk to the bed, where the old man is resting. Maybe Dr Wong and Tina forgot that they have a patient in their room. Their gaze follow me.

"See, there is a old man right just here," I say as I try to place my hand on his shoulder. Where I expect to touch skin, muscles and bones, my hand goes right through the man and is stopped by the bed instead.

The old man seems to notice this, because he opens his eyes. He stares at me and opens his mouth, saying some words, but I cannot hear anything. He then turns to Dr Wong and Tina, then to me, gives me a toothless grin, and disappears into thin air.

The sight sends me stumbling backwards, into one of Dr Wong's equipments.

"Are you okay Charles?" Dr Wong rushes to me.

I turn to the door. The girl is no longer there.

"I... I don't understand," I say as Tina guides me back to the chair.

Dr Wong pats me on the shoulder. "It's okay Charles. Maybe your eyes is still getting used to the sights. Maybe we should put back your bandages."

I nod weakly. The experience has left me confused. Tina and Dr Wong assist in slowly wrapping the bandages back around my eyes. Maybe they are right. Maybe my eyes are just playing a trick on me. I have not seen the real world for decades, so it is not surprising that there might be some getting used to.

The last thing that I see before Dr Wong wraps the last bandage are the old man and the girl staring at me from behind Dr Wong's glass door.

--------------

/r/dori_tales