You and the four generals stare hard at the map. This map shows the western provinces, the land where the pagans have risen up. You scan the towns on the map. More and more of these towns are now in rebel hands. More and more of the duchy falls to the god-haters. You can not keep your temper in longer. 

“Generals, we must make a move now!” You yell at the top of your voice. “The pagan rebels have already captured Akiso, Mansi and even Cavi Livani, god damn it!”

General Melino replies “sir you must understand, we just don’t have enough resources to send out the necessary amount of troops to the western provinces. Captain Harmon’s troops are returning from the northern campaigns and will be back in at most a week. His troops will easily crush the rebels”. 

“A week!” You shout “By the time they come back they would’ve reached the river Alan!” You stab your iron dagger into the spot on the map where the river Alan is as hard as you can. “By the time they reach the river Alan there will be no hope that of stopping them!” 

General Nasan let’s out a sigh. “What’s wrong general?!, do you disagree with my plan?” You ask him. “No my duke it’s not about the plan, it’s about... well... something else..”. He leaves you confused, what on earth does he mean something else. “What is this... something else general?” You ask him sternly. “Well sir...um... you see...uh...”. Nasan stutters out. “It’s about your issue with stabbing maps sir” General Bansen says suddenly. 

“My issue with stabbing maps? What on earth are you on about. I have stabbed many things in my life but I don’t think maps are one of them” you reply, clearly sounding shocked and offended. “Well sir I believe you are mistaken” Bansen says. “In the past month we have had to replace no less then 14 maps”. The other generals nod in agreement. 

“Ok so what if I stab maps?, I’m the duke, I can pay for new ones” you say. The generals still do not change expression. “Well sir, it’s not exactly cheap to make all these new maps...” says general Ginald, the last of the generals to speak. “Very well then, how much does it cost to make a “new map”” you reply. The generals stay silent. General Nanson mutters something. “What!!” You yell at him. “T..t..th...three hundred... g..gold pieces... my..lord” he says louder. 

Your jaw drops. “What!” You scream again. “He said three hundred gold pieces my lord” says Bansen. “Three...hundred...gold...pieces” you slowly spit out. Once more you let your rage out. “Three hundred bloody gold pieces!!, I could buy a new horse for that much!”. “I’m sorry sir but there’s nothing we can do about the price.” Melino says. “How so?” You question. “Well sir... there’s only one woman in the duchy who knows how to proper make them, and she charges what she wants”. 

You think for a moment. You can’t be wasting all this money on maps, but then again you do get a good kick out of stabbing a map, almost as much as stabbing a... you’re getting off track. Suddenly... a idea pops into your head. 

“Melino?” you say. “Yes sir” he responds. “Is cell 22 in the dungeon still a available?” You inquire. “... yes I believe so sir” Melino replies. The room stays quiet as the smirk on your face grows bigger. Nasan breaks the silence and asks “sir you’re seriously not considering... you know...”. “Well Nasan” you say “I just think it’s time for an offical map maker”. 