The farmer, Garash had carved a temple out of a thousand year oak tree. It was small, barely enough to fit a person but he had hoped that it would entice a god to move in and help his family with this year's harvest. It didn't, their harvest were as small as ever, with most of it being taken as taxes to the church. That's okay, he thought. There's always next year.

So he kept it clean, offered the best honey from his neighbor's farm, and even the best of their meager wheat, against the wishes of his wife, Hilde.

"No god would like to come here, it's so tiny! Where will he keep a bed and his belongings?"

Although most gods don't have a need for sleep, he took her advice and expanded the temple with broken chunks of cobble, which were cheaper than buying the complete bricks. His family joined in, only because they wanted him back in the fields soon as possible.

He took a step back and frowned at the work. "No god would want to live here," he muttered.

Hilde scoffed and returned with fresh straw and a gray blanket she had made throughout the summer. She made a makeshift mattress and hung another blanket over the doorway, so that the god could have privacy. "There, if no one moves in now, the loss is on them."

Garash frowned when he stepped inside. He chiseled a window through the tree and finally smiled.
He left an offering of mead and sweet bread and returned the next day for cleaning. What he found was a god so small, that he could easily fit in his palm. It was a tiny man, with a rainbow kitten as a ride. "I don't know what I am exactly," he answered Garash's questions willingly.

He couldn't believe he needed the entire space but reluctantly cleaned the area and placed the usual offerings and prayer.

The next morning he saw the rainbow cat chase away all the birds pecking at the seeds they've sown. That was when Garash realized the god might not be the little man, rather it was the kitten. He bought the best fish he could buy and brought them to the makeshift temple.

"Ah, he's pleased with your gift!" The little man told him.

"If he's the god, what are you?" Garash asked.

The little man shrugged but resumed petting the kitten's fur. "I've always been here, but I like to think that I'm Catfish's voice, or his brother, we don't know."

"Catfish?"

"The name's a work in progress, one he seemed to like was Catfish."

"Catfish aren't cats, they're fish."

"But it's a pun, he likes puns."

"What would that make you, ManFish?"

"Uh no, I prefer a more normal name, Adrian or Temp."

Garash stroked his beard. "Which one do you like better?"

"Temp, but now he wants me to be called Manfish... So I suppose that's—"

"You can't call him Manfish," Garash told him. "And you can't be called Catfish."

The kitten yawned and looked at him. "What do you mean, I can't?" Soon to be called Manfish asked in his stead.

"Because you're not a prankster god, you took your job seriously."

The kitten tilted its head, so that his little servant could scratch behind its ear. "He sees your point, he will consider it during his naming. Also, he thanks you for the fish."

"You're welcome."

The rainbow kitten became a fully grown in a few years, no bigger than a house cat with an equally tiny human riding on it. "Git! Begone pests, in the name of Catfish and his rider, Sir Temp!"
