Major Armand Davis regained consciousness suddenly and with a start. His left eye was swollen shut, but his right could still hazily make out the red landscape outside the pod’s viewport. This wasn’t a dream. He was still on Mars. 

But the chafing on his bound wrists reminded him that it was a nightmare. 

The iron taste and rancid smell of his own piss brought him reeling back to reality. He spat a mouthful of blood and frantically searched the room for a sharp edge, wriggling his wrists furiously. A mechanical whir at the door reminded him of larger problems, though, and Armand sat statue-like while the hiss of pressurization welcomed his captors.

Lieutenant Crabtree opened the door and removed his helmet. The gleaming ivory teeth flashed a cocky smile. 

“Comfortable, Major?”

“I swear to God, Crabtree, I’ll see you shot for mutiny. I’d have you hanged if it was still legal.”

“Now, Major, that’s awfully unkind of you,” Crabtree spoke with false sympathy. He swung an aluminum chair towards his prisoner and popped down backwards, lazily looking the officer up and down. “I’d blame the head trauma. You’re probably just not thinking straight.”

“Just tell me this, Blake – why? Why the hell are you doing this? We were a team. You and Sergeant Green spent how many hours in the gym getting ready for this mission? One hundred? Five hundred? I saw you shoot him in the head like he meant nothing to you. You’re a damn coward!” Armand tried to lunge at Lieutenant Crabtree but the chair was pushed back in place easily. Crabtree’s eyes narrowed and became cold. 

“Yeah, I regret what was necessary. But it was necessary.” He paused. “Major, you ever wonder if you’re working for the Devil? Do you ever stop to think about the atrocities our government has perpetrated on its own citizens?” Armand didn’t justify the question with a reply, but stared broodingly. “We’re ruled by corrupt despots and wealthy fools, and it’s a matter of time before the whole Earth is under their grasp. Some of us want out, and there’s one enemy they fear strong enough to protect us – the unknown. They think that ‘something’ is out here. That should give us a few decades to build a community and a defense.”

He stood up and stared out the viewport. “We made this mission in secret years ago. Delta Corp. has a few executives loyal to the little guy and they’ve helped send some secret capsules ahead. There will be a few more to follow, but the reality is that there are hundreds of us already here, and we’ll be able to form a society like what our forefathers wanted… free, democratic, without the crushing weight of government.”

Major Davis shook his head. “You’re an idiot, Lieutenant. If you think you’ve figured out a new way to have a free society, you’re kidding yourself. It’s all been done before. The French Revolution, the Confederacy, the Bolsheviks. They all thought their masters were corrupt and they had the monopoly on the right way forward. Some experiments worked better than others, but they all had massive bloodshed in their wake to justify the ends. You’re not going to be any different.”

Lieutenant Crabtree turned, sadness tinging his eyes for the first time. “You may be right, but some of us have to bear that burden so the rest can be innocent and free.”

He raised his pistol and pulled the trigger.