######[](#dropcaps)

Once Upon a Time. There was a writer. She had been writing since high school and through college. She loved writing but she was afraid. She was afraid to risk it all on a novel, so she worked a corporate job for 50 hours a week, made money, and hated her life. 

But despite the world's best efforts, she was a writer at heart. And somehow she found time time to write. She wrote, she failed, she cried, she laughed. She spent sleepless night bathed in the artficial glow of a computer screen, sitting in a wooden chair with a coffee cup in her hand, in a rent controlled apartment. But her head was in the clouds. 

And eventually, she succeeded. 

Her book was a hit. She quit that soul crushing job and threw herself fully into the art she loved, the art she'd ached to fully embrace for years but had been too afraid to do.  
 
And oh, how she wrote!

Stories of space of times long since past, impossible futures, and all too possible realities. She had everything she ever wanted, but realized she wanted more. 

She wanted to share. 

She wanted to share her joy of writing, embolden people to not make the same mistakes she did, to not go quietly into a night where dreams were stars - bright but impossible to reach. 

So she joined the English department of the university she attended. She tried to relate her experience, impart her knowledge. She gave assignments but knew not to limit her students, she wanted to give them room to test out their skills, not be bounded in a tiny box. She even gave examples of prompts whose stories were already told, which weren't prompts at all, but summaries. She gave the example:

**You are given a writing prompt by your English Professor. You decide to post the writing prompt to r/writingprompts and get an amazing story. You decide to use that story as your own and turn it in as your assignment only to find out that your professor was the one who wrote the story.**

And despite all her love and care. All her dreams of imparting knowledge, of teaching her students to truly write...some fuckwad couldn't be bothered to actually read the real assignment, and copy pasted the first bolded thing he saw. 

And everyone lived happily ever after. 

Except for that one student.

She failed him. 