I had imagined being fearful, if I ever opened my eyes again. There would be so many difficult questions to answer, so many truths to avoid. I was vaguely aware that suicide was still an offence, even for minors like myself, and I had heard that the state could take me away from my family, perhaps to stick me somewhere white and padded until I was no longer a threat to myself. Fear of having to admit to my parents that I was not strong enough, fear that they would find out what a mess my life had become…

Instead, I felt… relief. 

It must have had something to do with grandma being there. She always understood, never judged. Her fingers were already brushing my cheeks before the tears had the chance to fall to my hospital gown. I wanted to raise my hands to hold hers, but I couldn’t – the restraints were too tight.

“Oh, Lauren,” she said, as she planted a kiss on my forehead. “I’m so sorry you felt that way. If I had known…”

“Where… where’s mum and dad? Do they know?”

“Of course, they were the ones who found you first. Almost gave them a heart attack, you did. Lucky thing the airlift evacs were already on the way when you started bleeding out in the Pod. I shooed them home, forced them to get some sleep. They’ll be back in the morning.”

The thought of them returning hardened my heart, and I found myself gritting my teeth. I was already preparing myself for the usual onslaught of useless, senseless nonsense from them – how I was taking my life for granted, how I was wasting my time in the Pod, why couldn’t I be more like all the other kids in school. 

It sickened me, and my stomach churned.

“I… don’t want to see them, grandma. They don’t understand… no one understands!”

“Understand what, love?”

But I couldn’t explain it to her.

How does one tell your grandma that you’ve never belonged? That the world never felt like it had a place for you? That it didn’t matter how hard you tried to study, or how much effort you put into fitting in… life was a round hole, and there was no peg more square than I was. The Pod though… the Pod was my only relief, my one respite. No other place made me feel more… anonymous, yet appreciated.

If I couldn’t cut it in reality, if the Pod was the only virtual world where I yearned to be… if everyone told me that that was wrong… 

Then I really, *really* saw no point in going on.

Grandma opened her mouth, primed another question, then saw the look in my eyes and thought better of it. Instead, she turned my arms over, ran her fingers along the stitches the robodocs had sewn. I flinched, of course. The cuts were deeper than I had thought, fuelled with rage and rejection. I readied myself for the next round of reprimands, which was why grandma’s statement caught me completely off guard.

“You know the Phantom was the one who called the emergency services, don’t you?”

I blinked hard, just in case I had heard her wrong, but the knowing smile on her face convinced me that I had heard her just right.

“How did you know that I saw... was looking for the Phantom…”

“You make the mistake of assuming that grandma was never young before,” she said, with a twinkle in her eye. She rolled up her own sleeve then, and turned to show me the tiny microchip embedded at the joint of her shoulder, a plain square of silicon just below the skin. “In my time we didn’t have any fancy neural jacks like you do now. To access Holoworld, we had to rely on full-body implants like these. This is my 2FA entry pass, right here.”

“So… you know about the Phantom too?”

“Who doesn’t?”

Indeed, who didn’t? The real genius was in getting AI to construct the virtual world – they had the capacity for the tedium, the discipline for the detail, and ironically enough, the flair for life. Once the initial game developers had handed the torch over to AI, Holoworld really came alive. Countless holobooks and omnipedias had been written about the intricate, unending territories in Holoworld, accessible only through the Pod, and over a century later, almost every corner of it had been mapped.

Except for one character, whose full biography had never been chronicled. Which only increased the mystery of the Phantom a thousand-fold.

“I… I thought I would like to see the Phantom for myself,” I said. “I’d spent so much time in the Pod that I thought it would be fitting. Catch a glimpse of him, tick it off my bucket list, then check out of this… existence.”

“And where did you go to find him?”

I couldn’t help but grin. Few things got me genuinely excited like talking about Holoworld, and it was strange that a virtual reality game would bridge the gap of decades between grandma and me. “I reasoned that he would be in the Forests of Delvar, and what do you know, I was right.”

“The Forests? Where the toughest monsters roam? Wouldn’t it make more sense that he would be hiding on a deserted, monster-free mountain or something instead?”

“That’s where you’re wrong, grandma. People think that since he’s so powerful, he’s got to be able to kill all the monsters… but I think that’s the best place for him to hide. He can take out just about anyone he wants, and no one will be the wiser! Everyone will just think the monsters did it!”

“And did you see him? The Phantom?”

The memory seemed like it was from a lifetime ago, shrouded in layers of gauze. “I did, actually. He was walking through the underbrush, without a care in the world, as all manner of beasts waged war about him. I startled him, I think, when I called out for him.”

“Then? What did you do next?”

I smiled, then shook my head. I could remember bits of it leading up to the encounter, of course, but I would rather not have recounted how I fell to my knees, how I cried, how I screamed that I was finally done with this frickin’ life. Or how I alt-tabbed, focused on the knife I had prepared in real life, then brought it across my flesh.

Grandma squeezed my hand. I closed my eyes, and hoped that she would go away. I didn’t like her to see me like this.

“I saw him too, you know. The Phantom. Years ago.”

My eyebrows perked up on their own. “Seriously?”

“Oh yes. For sure. His was the first documented deathglitch in the Pod, you know. Happened just about a year or two after Holoworld released. The rumors, they were all over the net. The first known case of a human being trapped in Holoworld, beholden to no code, transcending death entirely.”

“There was an effort to erase him, wasn’t there?”

“Nah, they couldn’t. They tried, of course. Even got the AI to try to develop hunting programs for him. But he was untouchable. I think at one point the government even contemplated a full server wipe just to get rid of him.”

“The government got involved?”

Grandma rolled her eyes… I think, at me. “Can you imagine how many people thought to kill themselves too, in the Pod, just for the chance at that same miracle? The government had to act before the panic set in, until the Phantom… proved that he wasn’t a threat, after all. In fact, it turned out that the Phantom had been appearing to every single person who had tried to end it in the Pod, and dissuaded almost every single one of them. Those he couldn’t convince, well, he ensured that the authorities were notified. Just like it was the case for you.”

For some reason, that rang a bell. I shook my head, tried to clear the cobwebs away… but something lingered at the periphery of my memory, just out of reach, a golden star at the top of the Christmas tree.

“The Phantom… he helped others… like me?”

“Correct. For me… I walked the same path as you once, I think. I don’t even remember how I felt, or what drove me to it. Searching for meaning, perhaps. Trying to make sense of it all, feel more important than what I really felt. I chose the knife too, actually. But the Phantom got to me, just before I could sink it in.”

Grandma turned her wrist to me, and I craned my neck to see. A tiny incision, a miniature ‘V’, just over the vessels I had committed to memory.

“Those who never met the Phantom claim that he uses his powers, rewrites something in your mind. That’s hogwash. Even he couldn’t do that. No, the Phantom… he just… freezes time, for a while. He speaks to you, hears you out… gives you endless opportunity to bare your soul to him. He gave me that chance, and I came out of it... different. I took one step at a time, one step... then life turned around, it seems. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him. *You* wouldn't be here.”

“But I don’t… remember…”

“It’ll come back to you, Lauren. Over time. There’s a lot to unpack there.”

“What did he say to you?”

Grandma laughed, then patted my shoulder. “Some things are mine forever, love. But I’ll help you recall. If I remember, he likes to use the same starting line, for everyone who tries to die in his realm. Yes, it’s his realm, no matter how you cut it.”

Grandma leaned in close, and spoke so softly that none of the receivers in the room could pick it up. That was our bond, strengthened a hundred times over. Our shared secret, co-owned by every other lost soul like me, like her, who had been touched, just for a while, a tiny fraction of time. It sent shivers across my skin, and suddenly I knew it was no figment of make-believe. It was real. He had said those same words to me, and so, so much more. Words I would eventually recall, lessons I would live unknowingly.

“Be strong, be strong. The world is harsh, and you have got but one chance at it. Yet, if you’re a true gamer, someone who never backs down from a challenge… wouldn’t you want to play life at the hardest difficulty? Wouldn’t victory be so much sweeter then?”

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
