I am of a dying breed.

I still know what it's like to see the world without a filter.

From around the time I was born, to have plexichromes implanted quickly became a medical necessity.  There was a rampant epidemic, my parents had told me, of infantile eye diseases causing blindness—from rapid macular degeneration to cataracts to Fuch's corneal dystrophy.  All of them seemed to primarily affect the lenses of our eyes.  Then came an apparently controversial treatment, hailed as a miracle of modern medicine.

It arrived and was approved more quickly than most treatments of such novelty.  The idea was that a corneal implant of memory-titanium nanocircuitry that could record our eyes' surroundings and project the footage onto our retina, in the case that our corneas would otherwise fail.  The inventors called them "plexichromes": literally, "flex-color."

Of course, the big ophthalmological magnate Ocus Limited Corporation (or "Ocus, Ltd.") was quick to buy the rights to the plexichromes' intellectual property, and to tweak it for cosmetic purposes as well.  For the right price, they could function as contacts, alter the color of one's irises, or even record video in real-time and upload it to a data cloud.  There were worries about it being used for farsighted people (the shape of the eyeball always posed a risk for corneal surgery), but the media, the public hype, and mothers' fear for their children's sight drowned out the tinfoil-hat theories, the more meaningful detractions, and even proponents' questions or reservations.

=

After getting my Master's degree, I joined my local eye surgery practice under a fellowship as an surgical tech.  I interned for the surgeon—getting his coffee, fetching his patients' dossiers, standing by his side in the OR as he verbally guided me through each procedure.  There were moments I hated and moments I loved, like anyone's internship.  The main difference was that, this being a pharmaceutical industry in addition to a medical one, there was a certain amount of security and secrecy involved.

Our practice was given overhead funds by Ocus, Ltd., for using their plexichromes; this was a "standard, nationwide practice," my superior Dr. Grover Singh assured me.  However, there were rumors of corporate espionage against Ocus, Ltd., in which now-struggling glasses and contact lens companies paid insiders to procure plexichrome samples to make a rivaling product.  For the amount of times Dr. Singh stressed to me and my colleagues that we must not accept bribes or work offers from other ophthalmological companies, either he or maybe folks at Ocus pressuring him seemed paranoid.  That being said, we had heard every once in a while of people in some corner or other of the country being drugged and having one or both eyes amputated and stolen in their sedated state.  Anyone who didn't put the two together themselves could rely on the media's speculations to do it for them.

Regardless of whether corporate espionage was the reason for this, Dr. Singh was obviously discontent with the idea of, though all but forced to continue, implanting plexichromes.  Whether he foresaw a future complication with them or he hated the potential for government surveillance that many people were afraid to express, he couldn't express his dissent, out of fear for his practice.  Should he refuse the clandestine funding, another optical care facility who would accept the Ocus funding would open up next door and run us out of business.

And so he continued.

=

The final day of my employment at Buckingham and Singh Eye Care, I was planning to give them three months' notice as to my resignation.  I had just gotten accepted to an innovative eye surgery academy for an M.D. & D.O. program, and I was on cloud nine.  Prior to my arrival at work, a patient's husband was becoming infuriated with the secretary for not accepting their health insurance, which had changed providers and now made our practice out-of-network.  As the husband began to get increasingly aggressive, I entered through the double-doors as I always had.  After I turned the corner into our lobby, the husband telegraphed a punch aimed at the secretary, giving a fellow surgical tech time to tackle him.  As the husband was being propelled to the right, he did a little twist; his punching arm flailed and caught me in the right eye with his fingernails.  My cornea was ripped, with little tiny bent rods sticking out of it.

My plexichrome was broken.

After the police came and arrested the man, Dr. Singh removed the remnants of the plexichrome from my right eye.  I could barely see through my blood-tinged tears the whole time, but the anesthetic eyedrops and years of being on the bedside allowed me to hold my injured eye still.  Not long after my fellow surgical tech assured me they were almost done, Dr. Singh asked him to scrub out and fetch my medical record.  There was a short, subtle but noticeable pause before my colleague complied.  Right after the door closed, he looked me in my left eye and asked me in a hushed tone:

"Do you want to see the world as it really is?"

I stared at him quizzically, unsure of what he was getting at.  "Huh?"

"We don't have much time!" he frantically whisper-shouted in his Indo-British accent.  "Do you want to see the world as I see it?"

Knowing he wanted an answer right away and not having time to deliberate on it, I picked one at random.

"Yes."

"Okay—do you *trust* me?"

I hesitantly nodded.  "Uh-*huh*...?"

"Alright.  I'm gonna need you to hold your tongue and fight the pain."

He immediately proceeded to hold his left hand over my lips and nostrils, and dissect my remaining cornea and plexichrome with a quick snip of the surgical scissors in his right hand.

I cried out in pain and terror, only for his hand to muffle it.  "Sorry!  There was no time to numb it."

With the tears flowing from the corners of my eyes as I lay back in the operating seat, I could see a look of genuine empathy in his eyes.

The door opened, breaking Dr. Singh's focus and causing him to retract his hand.  "Duncan, her left plexichrome has been fractured, too."

"What?!"  Duncan then turned to me.  "Why didn't you tell us?"

"She must have had so much greater damage and pain in her right eye that the left got overlooked.

"We're going to have to remove both plexichromes."

====

After the procedure, Dr. Singh dismissed me, and Duncan escorted me back to my place, where he looked after me.  We had seen each other on and off during our tenure, and we had no pets and children, so he was comfortable staying to watch over me and run my errands.  We had finally reached the point of managing to be just friends a year ago, so he made himself at home on the couch each night.  I offered for us to switch sleeping arrangements some nights; he declined at first, but eventually relented once the all-day neck cramps became unbearable.

It was a solid week before he came to me with the suspicious question.

"Was it really that guy who attacked Denise that tore your cornea?"

I could feel my recovering eyes still giving that 'bulls---' look as I covered for our boss.  "Mm-hmm."

"Are you sure?" he inquired.  "That cut looked awfully linear—"

*"I'm sure."*  My overly assertive tone scared even me.

Duncan looked at me for a few seconds and then finally withdrew.

"...Okay."

He sat down on the other side of the couch, and we shared an uncomfortable silence.  I wanted to apologize for the tone I took with him, but I didn't want to invite questions as to what made me so defensive.  He broke the silence to ask if he could turn on the TV.  I was already hypersensitive from the bright four-o'-clock sun, but I told him I didn't mind, trying to make up for my earlier attitude.

He flicked on the television, and he left it on a political news channel.  Some unknown face that looked familiar to me but that I couldn't place was shown close-up as its owner engaged in an interview with the news anchor.  I wasn't following the conversation, but I was just focusing on his lips, his skin complexion, the texture of his hair.  And it went on like that for a while, until I got bored and depressed with it.

Duncan's eyes still glued to the screen, I turned mine to my own hair, which I held between my first three fingers.  I noticed the much crisper quality, and the soft reflection of the window light off of it.  It was beautiful...organic.  As I watched my fingers tease the bunch of hair, I could see small but clearly-defined ridges on the tips of them.  I looked at the skin on my arm—the soft, earthy glow bouncing off of the epidermis; the pores, and the little lines connecting them, reminiscent of a cracked desert ground, yet fleshier and more nourished-looking.

I bolted outside, much to Duncan's surprise, and I tripped on the roots of my front yard's tree while running to its trunk.  From the bottom up, I felt the tree and took in its bark, its branches, its twigs, its leaves...

*Everything looks...so... ...real.*

=

*(CONTINUED)*