It was supposed to be a normal day for Jonathan. 

He'd done the same routine every day- drive to college, pick up or drop off some books at the library, and then come home to check his mailbox before going inside his house. 

Except today, he'd gotten a black paper, with nothing on the front of it. No address apart from his, and no indication of who it came from. 

Jonathan turned the dark parchment around. In blood red letters, he reads -

"Your quota has been met. You shall now be rewarded for your duty, Mister Elcott."

As Jonathan reads to the end, the letters begin to fade. He starts to rub the paper to see if the letters were still there. Nothing. Jonathan blinked a couple of times, and in his hands where he'd been gripping the paper was an eerie metal key, with a skeleton design. 

Out of a mixture of confusion and surprise, Jonathan drops the key. At the same time, the eyes of the skeleton key shone blood red. Jonathan feels himself losing consciousness. He begins to crumple to the floor slowly, but as he's about to go face-first into the ground, he's upright again. 

Bewildered, Jonathan checks his surroundings. He's definitely not at his house anymore. The first thing that he notices is that there's a gigantic metal box similar to a bank vault in front of him, seeming to stretch endlessly to the ceiling. 

Turning around, Jonathan nearly has a heart attack. Where he'd been standing previously was a person in a business suit attire, a mask covering his entire face.

"Congratulations, Mister Elcott," He bows, "You've been rewarded for your work."

"What work? Where is this?" Jonathan asks hurriedly. "Where am I?!"

"Now, now Mister Elcott, did you not receive our letter?" He said.

Jonathan remembers the black piece of paper... and the key. That key. Feeling a strange itch coming up from the back of his right hand, Jonathan stares at his hand for the longest time. The key was engraved into the back of his hand, its metallic eyes glowing red.

"Wh-What..." Jonathan lifts up his hand to the man. "What is this?!"

Although the man was wearing a mask, Jonathan felt like he was smiling underneath it.

"Why, that's your key to riches, you see," He walks over to the front of the gigantic vault, and motions Jonathan over. "Place your hand on the vault."

Jonathan looked at his hand, and then the vault again. His curiosity got the better of him, and he walks to the man's side. He looked at the masked man again. The man's mask shows no expression, but underneath his mask, he was grinning.

Not sensing anything from the man, Jonathan put his right hand on the vault. The embedded key on his palm shines blood-red, and the man besides him motions him to stand to the side, which he does. A few seconds pass, and the entire room shakes. The vault opens slowly, and light starts to flood out of the openings. Jonathan gulps. What was inside? 

The man, with a show of hands, gestures to the now-open vault. Jonathan walks to the middle of the opening, and he's left speechless. Coins, stacks of coins are littered all over the vault. He moves over to the closest pile, and picks a coin up. It's... a nickel. The same kind of nickel he'd see anywhere. But. They were everywhere. If he'd cashed in all of these nickels... he'd be rich. Jonathan looks over at the suited man.

"How many... No, how much is all of this?" Jonathan asked.

The masked man answered, "Five-hundred and fifty thousand dollars worth of nickels. This is your reward for your work. It's all yours," He pauses, and adds, "Forever."

"Five-hundred... H..."Jonathan tears up for a moment, "Ha... Hahahaha! I'm rich! I'm rich! Forget all of my loans, I'm rich!"

Without hesitation, Jonathan lunges into the pile of coins, swimming across the vast ocean of minted money. He jumps up to stand on a random pile, and then raises his hands up in preparation for a dive.

The man looks on at Jonathan as he revels in his new-found wealth, and removes his mask. Grinning widely, he snaps his fingers, and Jonathan's hand begins to glow red once more. The room shakes. Jonathan looks down at his hand, and then the man. Jonathan's legs are already carrying him to the vault entrance, which is already closing slowly. 

The man stands at the entrance, blocking Jonathan. He breaks out into a psychotic laugh and grins all the while. Jonathan's keeps on running, and running. He's almost at the entrance. The crazed laughter continues to echo on and on throughout the vault, spurring Jonathan to  run even faster. As he's within an arm's reach of the entrance, Jonathan trips on some coins. He scrambles to pick himself up, but brings a mountain of coins crashing down on him. His vision is filled with nothing but metal, and he desperately claws his way out of the pile in the direction of what he thinks is the vault entrance. 

He manages to crawl out right in front of the entrance, right in front of the man. The vault is only a few seconds away from fully closing. Jonathan looks up slowly. The man returns his gaze with a blank expression, no longer laughing. 

"Thank you for your work, Mister Elcott. Your soul will make a great addition to my vault. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do." He said.

"No... wait..." Jonathan crawls to his legs, and grabs ahold of his shoes desperately. "Don't do this... please!"

The man takes in Jonathan's pleas, and inhales deeply. He breathes out, looks down at Jonathan with a sinister smile. "Enjoy your wealth, He kicks Jonathan off of his legs. "Forever." 

The vault doors close, and the man's maniacal laughter rings throughout the vault once more. Jonathan, on his knees, stares blankly at the closed vault door, with nothing illuminating the room besides his glowing right hand.  The last thing Jonathan could hear was the clattering of coins from all around him, before he was swallowed up by a tide of metal.
