"Put the fucking money in the bag!" I screamed at the frail, old lady. The bank teller shakily complied, and nudged the bag full of cash past my revolver. "It's nothing personal, just a matter of life and death!" I yelled, bolting toward the exit of the large bank. Another job had gone smoothly. I was still alive, and there was still hope.

You see, I died when I was 32 years old. I'd joined the Marines at 18, served til 24, and invested every penny of my earnings. I could've settled for the Dodge Charger my recruiter promised me I'd have plenty of money for, but I wanted the Ferrari. After a few wise investments, and what I'd like to think of as a stroke of luck, I was a billionaire at 26. Politicians and corporate big wigs were eating from my palms, and I loved it. This was the life I'd dreamt of growing up in the ghetto. This was the life of luxury that I had earned through blood, sweat, and luck.

It's funny how quickly things change. One day you're fraternizing with the one percent in their land of luxury, and the next you're being shot in the head by some poor kid for the $83 in your wallet. I was at a gas station at 2AM, drunk, and hungry. He followed me to my car and demanded my wallet. I declined, and he painted the pavement with my brains. To be fair, I shouldn't have been so greedy over $83. On the other hand, he could've not shot me in the head. Regardless, I was dead. Extra dead, if you will.

There was nothing for while, and then I regained consciousness. At least, I think I did. Everything was completely black. If you've ever been in a sensory deprivation chamber, then you'll be familiar with the feeling of death. I waited for what felt like years, or was it seconds? Who really knows? The "afterlife" is a strange place. First, I heard a buzz, and then I saw a flash of gawdy neon light. In front of me sat an old arcade machine. Inscribed on it's screen were the words "CONTINUE $1 Y/N." My hand seemed to materialize out of nowhere as I reached to click yes.

Suddenly, I was alive, still in the gas station parking lot. My brains were back inside my head, my burrito was still warm, and my wallet was gone. Oddly, I still had my keys and phone, and he hadn't bothered with my car either. I decided to head home. You see, I didn't realize that my life was about to become pay to play.

You see, I learned quickly that the old machine appears every 24 hours. It also appears if I die somehow, and I don't age anymore. Every morning, around 2AM, the machine shows up wherever I am, and prompts me to pay my fee. The fee rises by a dollar each time. For the first 50 years, it wasn't a problem. I cashed out all the assets I had, paid off everything, recused myself from the limelight, and decided to go live life and experience new things. Which was fine until I ran out of money. Between the machine, my travels, and my inability to conserve money, I'm strapped for funds now. 

I've also learned that I'm not ready to die yet. I could stop my current life of madness if I would simply press "N" on the machine. What happens, though? Do I cease to exist? Am I reincarnated? There are too many unknowns for me to relinquish my control just yet. I turned 82, yesterday. My body doesn't show it, but I did, regardless. I've resorted to crime just to stay alive. I rob banks, stores, or just about anywhere that has anything of value. I can't REALLY die, unless I'm broke. Even if I get killed during/right after a robbery, I still technically have the cash on me, and can use it for the machine.

Considering I was cut down by a barrage of gunfire upon exiting the bank, well, that's probably a good thing. I paid my fee, resurrected, and shot the three officers who'd just wasted me. I'm a wanted man, now. Top of the FBIs most wanted list. I've murdered, and stolen, and pillaged my way across the entire country, all in the interest of living another day. I've brought so much pain on others, just so I can live. Am I selfish? Maybe. Do I care? Not really. 