The bar was quiet when Josh walked in.  'How long had it been since I was last here?' He thought to himself as he crossed the floor toward the corner stage.  The bar's patron sat on a stool on that stage, softly playing [an old song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYsnRc09csQ) on his harmonica.  Josh waited for the slow, mournful blues tune to end.  Josh clapped as the other gentlemen stood and bowed.

"So nice to see you,"  He said to Josh with a twinge of bitterness in his voice.  "so few come by nowadays."  Josh winced slightly at the statement; not because of it's vindictive nature, but at the barely disguised pain he heard behind the bitterness.  "Care for a drink, Scratch?"  Josh asked, using one of the more playful nicknames for the establishment's owner.  Scratch agreed.

An eternity seemed to pass.  Considering the circumstances, an eternity probably *did* pass.  Finally, Scratch asked the important question; 

"Why did you do it, kid?"  

"I think you already know."  Josh responded.

"You know, as well as I do, that they don't deserve it.  You and your dad will regret this decision."  Scratch said.

"I doubt it.  But then again, I've always had more faith in them than most."  Josh replied.  The room grew silent again.

"So, what are you *really* here for?  Your job is done, why come back?"  Scratch asked suddenly.  Josh took a breath, then spoke, "It's a job offer.  We want you back with us.  You'll be working with people again, and it would be a big improvement over an empty dive.  Come and  work for the good guys, Cypher."  Josh used a new name for the old musician, based closely on Scratch's original title, just like 'Josh' was an approximation of his own original name.

"I appreciate the offer, kid, but no thanks."  Josh was confused at the answer, but accepted it as always.  "Why?"  he asked.

"As one of our favorite writers once said, 'Tis better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven."  Scratch replied.  

Josh chuckled at that.  "Well, if you ever change your mind, you know the way."  With that, he walked out the door.  It creaked as it closed behind him.

"Yeah, I know." Scratch said to the empty room, then went back to playing.