It was cramped. The plexiglass window was my portal to the outside world. Through it I could see lights. Lights that seemed like they went on forever. Almost as if the stars themselves had been rearranged into an organized grid. Who would want to steal the majestic beauty of the sky like that and lock the stars into a formation that was so predictable and mundane? The stars started to go out row by row and column by column. Save for one....


I had no idea how long it had been. Hours? Days? I was finally able to come to my senses. What had I been dreaming about? A portal to another world where the stars are aligned perfectly? I must've been watching the led lights through the window of my pod. Each pod's light was set to turn off once the occupant was asleep. I removed the life support mask that covered my face and slightly obscured my vision. I looked around and began to think more clearly. Soon the panic set in. Wait, why am I the only one awake? It was dark through the plexiglass portal save for a small amount of light that bathed my capsule. Err wait not portal... Window!


That's when my eyes landed on an IV that was laying across my arm. It must've fallen out somehow as I was getting strapped in. That explains the delirium at least. The solution in the IV was meant to last 99 years and then you're supposed to spend the last year "detoxing" in the pod from the solution in a state of not really dead, but also not really alive. The elderly didn't always make it. There were never any children younger than 10 exposed to the solution. We're forbidden to have children 10 years leading up to the hibernation. I won't tell you what that must be like for those who are married, but suffice to say they come up with other ways to pass the time.

The danger was real right now. This solution in the IV was essentially what was keeping us alive in these chambers during hibernation. For safety purposes we're locked in here on a timed system. It wasn't set to open for another... I squinted and rubbed my eyes as I looked for the display. It was set to count down from 100 years all the way down to the last millisecond before the doors opened. My eyes adjusted to the light on the panel "100 years?" Though I only whispered the words it sounded incredibly loud. In the infinite wisdom of the engineers they decided to make these capsules sound proof. My head was still spinning. I reached up almost instinctively, to scratch my chin. It was itching like crazy! I thought it was a side effect of a solution, but my fingers had discovered something that wasn't there before. A beard? I never wore a beard? I realized that display was wrong somehow. Maybe it wasn't set correctly? I tried my best to estimate how long my facial hair had grown and then calculate its growth over time. My beard was fairly long; down to my chest. It was hard to estimate the length correctly. I've never had an eye for that kind of thing. After doing all the mental gymnastics I could handle, my best guess was that I had been in this thing anywhere from 2 months to 6 years. I decided that there was no way of knowing for sure, and I needed to look to my options to escape or get comfortable to sit here for the rest of my, soon to be, short life.

Of course! The IV solution! It was designed to help preserve us in addition to the life support mask. It was probably so full of artificial "this and that" that it would likely give everyone of us some kind of cancer before we ever left these pods, but if I could get the needle back in my arm and force the timer to start, sure I would be late for the "reawakening", but maybe they would open me up once everyone else was out and start to detox me if I hadn't started already. I would wake up soon after that I'm sure... I hope.

The only issue I see is that I've never given myself an IV before. What if I miss a vein? Is it going to hurt more if I do it to myself? What if the IV was leaking and there's less than a 90-something year supply left? I'll wake up before everyone else does and still be stuck here! I spent the next hour or so trying to man up. I was always afraid of needles growing up and closed my eyes whenever I would get a shot at the doctor. As long as my eyes were closed I didn't seem to feel it. I know the issue is just all in my head but this was now life or death and that needle was my best chance at life...

I grabbed the end of the hose, careful of the needle tip. So very careful of it. That's when I heard this pounding sound that wouldn't stop. I tried to look through the window. Had someone seen me? Were the trying to release me? The pounding was growing louder and louder. So loud I could feel it in my chest, but no one was there! What was happening!? Soon I realized it was the sound of my own heart beating out of my chest. I was having a panic attack at the thought of inserting the needle into myself.

"Fuck! Just do it! Don't think about it, just push it into your arm and they'll come get you. Do it now or die here... Do it here or die now... Do it do it DO IT DO IT! I screamed against the fear because in that moment I realized that I secretly wished that I had died in my sleep. At least that would've been easier than this. It was almost as if time had slowed to a crawl for me. Maybe it had even stopped? My right arm was extended and in my left hand, the needle. I knew I would have seconds to get this life supoort mask back on and fitted properly before the sleep would take me. The IV solution would kick in within 30 seconds after the needle was inserted and a drop or two of this liquid would be enough to put you out for weeks. Which means if I fail I would have to suffer this nightmare all over again. My resolve had hardened and I could feel my left hand touching my right arm. The needle was already in, how much time had passed just now? 2 seconds? 20 seconds? No time for anything except getting the mask on my face and manually restarting the hibernation sequence. I was almost positive by now I wouldn't make it in time. There was enough of the solution on the barrel of the needle to make me fall asleep soon and certainly some of that would begin to mix with my blood almost immediately.

The mask was on, my right hand was moving slowly. Likely due to the solution already beginning to put my body into hibernation, but the pod wasn't ready yet. I tried to stay calm, simultaneously I knew that the only thing that would give me a fighting chance was my adrenaline pumping. An interesting situation that I'm in where the juxtaposition of my own body's struggle to put myself asleep means the body has to fight to stay awake first. My thoughts began to wander. As my fingers slide across the touch display.


MANUAL OVERRIDE.

INITIATE HIBERNATION SEQUENCE.

TAP TO CONFIRM


The button blinking on the screen reminded me of the twinkling Christmas tree lights from when I was a child. In my mind I kept hearing the words "Hit it! Hit the button!" but I was already so tired, I could probably rest my eyes for a few seconds and be fine, right? Okay I'm not asleep yet so I still have time, I'll just hit the button at the last second and everything will be okay. I remembered my parents being so excited for me to open up my presents that year. They were so proud to call me their son back then. Shouldn't I be asleep by now? Did I ever hit that button like I meant to? My eyes were barely open when I saw through the plexiglass portal that the stars were out again. I looked for constellations I might recognize, but found that these stars were aligned in a grid. Who would want to steal the majestic beauty of the stars and lock them into a mundane pattern of rows and columns? 