The jealousy used to consume me. My friends had found their masteries a long time ago: matchsticks, bottles, even drawers. All the while, I used to sat crossed-armed, gazing at them disdainfully, blood welling on my the back of my face.

But that's long gone. I, by sheer fortune, have found my mastery: the pinball. Yes, you read that right. I will save you the details. They are not interesting. Let's simply say that one day I craved pizza, went into a pizza shop, the wait for my pizza was ridiculous, so I played a game of pinball. All of a sudden, I had won the jackpot. 

Perplexed, I tried and succeeded again. It was then when I realized the tiny metal ball was moving at the command of my thoughts. Soon, rumor spread and people crowded the pizza shop only to watch my magic.

I was the Pinball Wizard.

At first I thought nothing about it. It was cool, sure, people enjoyed it. Yet, I couldn't live of playing pinball, especially because other jealous wizard banned me from their establishments, as they claimed my mastery was unfair to the competition.

But my worries were quickly buried six feet under the ground when The Pizza Witch offered me a percentage for attracting customers to her establishment. Again, the rumor spread, and other owners decided to hire me too. Crazy how wizards change when there's money involved.

In time, I was touring the entire country. As insane as it sounds, I had a massive following. People from all over travelled to watch me conquer jackpots, witness the bright lights of the machine, hear the crazy, mysterious sounds only those who beat them have the pleasure to hear.

I was living a life of fantasy. There were rumors of wizards writing books about my feats, about how I went from being a person lacking a mastery for thirty years to the biggest star in the country.

However, I craved more. I'd fun playing and being the center of attention. I won't deny that, but the truth was that, after a while, the monotony was weighing down on me. The cheers faded in the background; the lights didn't move me anymore; the smiles and congratulations didn't excite me anymore. 

I was tired, worn-down. I needed a change.

It was in one of those crowded nights, when things took a turn. It was not the one I'd expected, but it was a turn.

I stood at the heart of New York playing Pinball. Crowds gazed at me holding their breaths. The silence was absolute, wide as the night. The Moon Wizard and The Cloud Wizard had synchronized their masteries so the whole shine of the moon fell upon me, unbroken. A spotlight of sorts.

However, the silence turned into a cacophony of screams, yelps and squeals; fiery lights flickered at the corner of my eyes, defying the deep darkness; the cold winds turned hot, carried strings of fire.

Buildings and houses were roaring ablaze, melting under the heat of the flames. It was no unintentional conflagration, for the fire slithered like colossal snakes, tinging the sky an infernal red, setting the clouds afire.

My extremities trembled. My face burned. All the while I stood there, doing nothing. I was crippled, caged in my spiraling, despairing thoughts.

It was then, when out of sheer luck, I spotted a man laughing like a madman, swinging his hands wildly amidst the endless inferno. The flames followed his movements. He was the arsonist.

I gazed at my pinball, at the routing crowds. The fire was consuming the oxygen, smothering the entire city. I had to do something.

There was a *crack.* The glass of my pinball had shattered and the metal ball was hovering in the air. Then, as I smiled, it hurdled toward The Fire Wizard, and sneaked, like a bullet, inside his mouth and down his throat.

The terrorist gripped his neck, his skin turning blue. The flames entwined between each other, still following the motions of his hands. He fell to the ground, gasping for air, until he ceased moving. 

The wizard witnessed this and rushed to get a hold of the man as the metal ball came back to me. The pyromaniac gasped back to life, weak and handcuffed. 

The following day, my deed was everywhere in the news.

I smiled. I could certainly get used to be the nation's new hero.        