“Good morning, Andrew!” The voice rang out.

I opened my eyes to see yet another therapy android, a “thrand.” They always sent them on a Saturday morning, I think they believe I’d be in a better mood then. I think they believe a lot of wrong things. They do, it’s true. Exhibit A: 9x(nine) fried androids.

They believe thrands work for people. They finally decided to send an attractive one again, must be bringing out the big guns.

I got out of bed, and walked to the bathroom, ignoring the “guest.”

“Hello sir, I am Ericka, I know the agency has had happy little setbacks in the past and I am...”

I had stripped nude and stepped into the shower.

She blushed and turned away, “sir, you’re not modest,” she chuckled. I ignored her, it.

She politely waited for my shower to end but it did her no good, I didn’t plan to put on any clothes today. 

I sat in my loveseat with my legs up, one on the coffee table and the other on the arm of the couch. She sat in the recliner on the other side of the living room trying to avert her gaze as she started again, “sir, I know the agency has had setbacks...”

I put my headphones on and closed my eyes. I scratched myself a few times and made a point to release some gas. Her job was to sit there and pretend to be offended over it, all for my benefit.

When I awoke, I didn’t move but opened my eyes, she was gone. “Interesting.”

“What’s interesting?” Her voice came from behind me and then directly into my ear as she bent forward, “I’d like to know,” I felt the heat off her breath touch my ear, living on my neck for a moment as I heard a purr-like moan and I bolted from the loveseat. I decided some clothes were in order.

Dressing fast is an art and industry. I slipped out of the building, attempting to skirt the androids attentions. I was loose of her, for the time at least it seemed, loose of it I should say.

By the time I’d made it over the bridge in the next town over, I knew for absolute certainty I was free of her, it. I stopped a few places like the library and the hardware store, visited a friend at his business, car repair garage. Finally as the last of light disappeared, I swung by the tavern.

“That’s the problem with these fucking thrands!” There it stood, two of my best pals in each of her arms, difficult arrangement considering she had them eating out of its hands. She continued, “gotta wipe em all and melt down their parts!”

I sat down at the same table with them stunned at the sight, I couldn’t believe what she was doing and how she was doing it. This was a bit of a blow too deep by the agency. Bringing my friends into this isn’t right.

“Andrew, you gotta meet this chick, she’s perfect for ya!” Jimmy announced to me as Ericka exagerated a surprised expression.

“Ya, her name’s Ericka, she’s a doll, we been tellin her all night bout how great ya are,” Stephen said.

“It’s true they have... I have to be honest with you guys though, I’m no stranger to Andrew. I’m his therapist.”

The two men froze as genuine surprise overcame me.

“... his **human** therapist,” she corrected.

Shock.

I had nothing left to say about that, whatever the truth did not matter to what I wanted to say and so I dug in, “do you believe thrands work for people Ericka? I ask you because I believe it’s the other way around. They work against people and use their desires against them. It’s supposed to be for us, it’s supposed to be for all of us and society. What has been the outcome but hurried measures to uphold arbitrary constructs? Nobody has stopped to ask whether the constructs serve us before we set these machines to enforce them with emotional abuse.”

Ericka sat there a moment. She appeared to consider what I had said but then thrands appear to consider a lot of things, wrong or right. It’s true, they do. Exhibit B: I cannot tell whether Ericka is human or thrand.

To be continued...