We set out laden with a complete arsenal of tools. Ropes and hooks for climbing, blades for cutting through vegetation, axes for marking our path, and torches to light our way. You never know what sort of terrain God has created for the next migration.

And that's what He does; creates the land ahead of us, cold from His concealing darkness, and takes the land behind us, consuming it with His eternal fires. If His people linger too long we will be burned, but go too far ahead and we will freeze. Thankfully, between the two is a twilight, perfect for his people to dwell in.

However, that twilight realm is ever moving, shifting into the New Lands while the land that it once covered is consumed by fire. That's why we were sent out; to carve the path ahead for His people, and find land close to the front of the twilight realm for us to dwell on.

The last migration took place when I was but a child, and now that I'm in my prime it is my turn to join the scouting parties.

"Tristan!" I snapped out of my thoughts, and looked up to see what the others wanted. After a time even the task of exploring the unknown becomes routine and boring, and that time had passed for me a long time ago. "We must have gone over several horizons by now. We should rest." Marcus continued.

He wasn't wrong; now that I was stopped, and the time that had passed been pointed out to me, I felt the sting of exhaustion in my limbs. Marcus has always been the voice of reason. I nodded, and we set up camp under the trees at the edge of a clearing on the side of the mountain we were skirting our way around.

*****

I was the last to wake, and found the other three covered in furs and huddled over a fire as the broke their fast on some of our rations. That's another thing I hadn't noticed; the temperature was already noticeably lower. Low enough that I found myself shivering.

I pulled the fur coat from my pack and wrapped myself in it, only to be greeted by the intense smell of dust. That's one of the small troubles that plague the early times after each migration: as the land moves towards the fires of the Lord in the last times before a migration furs are cast aside, and quickly collect dust due to disuse. When the time for a migration comes, and the furs are once again needed, most are overwhelmed by the smell and reduced to fits of sneezing for a season or two afterwards.

"You've left some for me, I hope?" I asked, as I joined them by the fire.

"Finally awake, eh, Tristan?" Felix asked, and he threw me my ration of bread. Still fresh enough to not be hard, but old enough to make me wish I had something to go with it.

Before I could reply Leontes cut in "Once you've finished eating we should get moving again. You know our orders: return to report what we've found before the rest of the people have had eight sleeps." Always focused on duty and orders, that Leontes.

"It shouldn't be much farther now. Another horizon or two and we will likely need start needing the torches." Marcus added. A voice of reason, maybe, but also overly optimistic.

I was too fresh from sleep to restrain myself from cutting down his hopes. "If only it were as simple as walking there and back. Steep hills and dense forests. If this is any indicator of the land over the next few horizons, then it could take us quite some time to scout out a spot for everyone to settle on. It looks as if the Lord has decided to throw us a bit of a trial for the next migration cycle." He looked hurt at that, and Leontes looked offended at my remark about the Lord, but I was too tired to care. I took my final bite of bread and rose. "Felix, I'll take over the lead until our next sleep. Put out the fire and gather your things."

***

Several more horizons had passed us by, and the terrain was beginning to level out. Marcus was at the front of our group, cutting us a path through the undergrowth, while I was behind him directing our path. Behind me was Felix with a lit torch, as we had gone far enough that what little light was left was being blocked completely by the forest's canopy. Leontes was at the rear, marking our path on the trees.

Suddenly the trees gave way to a clearing. It almost felt unnatural; trees whose age must have spanned several tens of generations, then suddenly naught but grass.

"See, Tristan, faith prevails. The Lord wouldn't form land without providing a place for his people!" Damn Leontes and his piety. He wasn't wrong, though. Although the tall grass made it hard to judge, the clearing seemed large enough for our entire Town twice over.

I pulled out my axe and cut a chunk out of the last tree. "Everyone spread out and cut through the grass so that we can see the entirety of this clearing. Judging from the lighting and temperature, this is close enough to the New Lands to live on for the next cycle, assuming it's as perfect as it looks. Felix, stick your torch into that cut in the tree. That way we can all see it's light and the way from which we came. Shout if you need help."

We left our packs by the tree and, grabbing our blades, got to work clearing the clearing. Leontes followed the tree line around to the left, I followed it to the right, and Marcus and Felix went through the centre of the clearing. Although swinging three foot blade around sounds fun, it's just about the most dull work you could imagine. Grass. Grass. And more grass.

It seemed like an age had passed, when suddenly I heard Felix shout. I was the last one to find my way to him. "What's happened? Tell me you're not hurt?" The concern was genuine, as Felix was the only one of the group I felt particularly close to.

"No. Look." He said, pointing ahead of the path he had cleared. There was a wall of stone, taller than a man, jutting up out of the ground. Again, I had the feeling that this was not natural.

"Marcus, get a torch." I ordered, and he obeyed.

When he returned we lit the torch and inspected the obstruction. It was made of many large, rough cut stones, and formed what almost seemed to be two walls of a house. Similar stones were scattered along the ground where the other two walls would have been. Between the walls of stone I found what appeared to be shards of hardened clay. Definitely not natural.

"There's more like it over here!" Leontes yelled from the grass ahead.

"What do you think it is?" Felix asked.

"No idea" Said Marcus.

"It looks like it's been made by men." I suggested.

Leontes wasted no time in pointing out my heresy. "Impossible! These are the New Lands! No men have been here before us, this is fresh off of God's cold anvil."

"Then how else would you explain it? When has the Lord ever created anything like this before?"

"Are you questioning his will? His power to create what has never been seen before?"

"No! But ju-"

"Stop it!" Marcus cut across us both. "We've never found anything like this before, it's true. But we weren't sent here to question the mysteries of God. We were sent to find land for our people to settle. Our elderly. Our women. Our children. We have done that. Let's turn back, and let the Council decide what to make of this."

"Agreed. Stop acting like idiots." Felix added.

"True." Leontes conceded.

"Let's rest first, then head back upon waking" I said. We retrieved our packs, and set up our camp between those stone walls.

***
