When the nurse came inside the waiting room, she had a harried look on her face. She scanned the room and stared at Mr. Gray with expressionless eyes.

"Your presence is requested on the rooftop, Mr. Gray," said the nurse.

"What for? My wife is in labor."

"The Dragon King, Rhozka, requests your presence, Mr. Gray."

It was at this point that Mr. Gray noticed something off with the nurse: she hasn't blinked in a while. And the name Rhozka sounded familiar to him, though he has not heard of it his whole life.

Strange things had happened the moment Mrs. Gray became pregnant. Dragons started appearing. At first they were no more than pests. It was illegal to kill or harm the creatures since they were protected beings. Then larger ones began to appear, sizes of cars and buses, circling their house for months. The neighbors complained because of the sound it made with every wing flap. But the police couldn't do a thing. 

He had been waiting for less than an hour, so Mr. Gray reasoned that he won't miss his child's birth. He stepped inside the elevator and hit the button for the top floor. As the elevator ascended Mr. Gray recalled his confrontation with Mrs. Gray. He accused her of infidelity, bedding with a fae, a daemon or a trickster god that planted a cursed seed in her womb, which could explain the dragons. But Mrs. Gray swore her faithfulness to him. And Mr. Gray believed her, but could not know the reasons why.

The elevator doors opened with a chime. He stepped out and climbed the stairs leading to the rooftop. Mr. Gray wanted them gone. He had lost sleep because of the dragon's wings and occasional screeching. Because Mrs. Gray was with child and needed her rest, she stayed with her sisters. The dragons didn't follow her, which was a relief. But it continued to follow Mr. Gray. His boss was close to firing him, but the firm valued him as an employee. Great wonder is technology these days; Mr. Gray was allowed to work from home, auditing corporate ledgers and bank statements.

But the fury and anger stoked for nine months that Mr. Gray had harbored towards the dragons was immediately snuffed. There must be hundreds of them in the sky. And in the middle of the hoard of scaled monsters was a larger one. Its scales gleamed with gold, and its wings spanned the entire town. Its eyes, Rhozka's red and terrible eyes, glared through Mr. Gray, and he could feel the dragon's stare into his soul.

*Dragon Halfling heir! Child of Darlene Sarkony Gray, whose true name is Draigni! You, truthseeker and truthsayer, whose true name is Paerni! Your dragon brethren regales to the coming of your dragon halfling child!* 

The skies thundered as the dragon screeched in unison. Somewhere below the parking lot, car alarms started blaring.

Mr. Gray wanted to speak, but the only thing he could muster was a terrified moan.

*We celebrate with you at the coming of the next dragon halfling heir! Child of Perry Wentworth Gray, whose true name is Paerni! She, the evil-killer and grand protector, whose true name is Agni.*

"How- how do you know my name?"

*A million tears were shed at the death of your mother and father. Our kind would have cared for you, but Federal policies forbid us to do so. Our truths were not revealed to you at the request of Tamara Gray, which was legally and enchantedly binding.*

"I'm . . . a dragon?"

The skies thundered once more, but Mr. Gray somehow knew they were laughing.

*Ah, truthseeker, I'm afraid no. You are human. But dragon blood runs through your veins. You are both gifted and cursed, as your destiny is written clearly in the stars in both realms.*

Embarrassed, Mr. Gray remembered what he came up here for.

"Can you please stop bothering us? Our neighbors hate us, and I almost got fired because of you! We need peace and quiet once the baby is born, and we can't have you--all of you--flapping your wings and screaming over our house!"

Rhozka took a moment to respond. And while Mr. Gray waited, the sound of dragon wings flapping annoyed him.

*We do not intend to be a bother to you, truthsayer. But we ask for visitation every half decade. Will you grant us this wish?*

Mr. Gray wanted to say no. If he said no, he knew that they will be out of their lives for good, and they won't protest his decision. But in truth, he wanted to say yes. Yes, because he had a murky memory of a dragon flying in the sky on his fifth birthday. Aunt Tammy had told him it was not real and was just his imagination. 

They were his birthright, and so was his child's. 

So he said, "yes."

*She is coming. Flee, truthseeker and truthsayer! Your child will be born soon.*

Mr. Gray took the elevator and was back at the waiting room. He paced back and forth, joy rising in his chest. When he finally got to see his wife and child, he almost forgot the confrontation he had with the dragon king.

"I was thinking of Mabel or Marianne for her name," said Mrs. Gray. "How about you?"

Mr. Gray held his tongue by saying Agni, the evil-killer and grand protector, Child of Perry Wentworth Gray, whose true name is Paerni.

"Agnes?" he said.

The child stirred, smiled and babbled.

"I think she likes it," said Mrs. Gray. "Hi Agnes! It's me, your mommy. And this handsome guy over here is your daddy."