Janice figured out her doctor's secret when her cancer metastasized to her lymph nodes. 

She'd seen how folks turned into animals. Cancer rocked your system and withered you away like a grape in the sun. It completely disfigured her husband Phil. That barrell chest of his had just...deflated, and soon enough she was picking out an urn, looking up flights back to the Keys to spread her love's ashes into the waves of green ocean. In the end, he'd been a wax-paper imitation of himself. He couldn't even speak. But she'd been living with the same diagnosis for seven years now, and she still went to play shuffleboard every Wednesday. 

Doctor Meehan kept repeating the same thing during every routine check-in. He was a stocky man who sorta reminded her of Phil, except his eyes were a shade of green she'd never quite seen. "You're a real fighter," he'd say without fail. "I could see you with another whole year."

Each time those eyes of his would shine with unnatural splendor, and he'd place a hand on her shoulder. 

And each time, Janice gave him what she supposed he wanted: a halfhearted smile and a "that's good to hear." She'd walk shakily home to sit in her rocker and rest her hip. Her soaps would be on, and she'd turn the volume on her television way up so she could think amidst all that white noise. Her fingers would hardly cooperate. Her legs would be screaming. She'd feel the cancer crawling through her like some invisible worm. And she'd think: *Another whole year*.

There was just no possible way. 

The joys of her life had sprung a leak. She used to go running in the mornings and watch the dew sparkles fade. She used to drink glasses of Cabernet until her cheeks flushed red. Instead, what she got was another whole year of screaming into her pillow, of gritting through tasteless food. Another whole year of being propped up as a medical marvel among her friends, of bearing those awkward conversations that never *quite* mention the word 'death'. 

She'd have to last through another year of fading memories. 

Already, it seemed, she'd forgotten Phil's laugh. She thought perhaps it was nasally, birthed from his upper breath, but murkiness laced her with doubt, and she wondered if, maybe, it had been sorta deep? She remembered Phil's barrell chest sort of heaving, his face covered in dimples. Had his laugh filled the room? She pinched her nose in an effort to remember, cursing her memory for tearing her to pieces. 

The next time she saw Meehan, she stopped him before his diagnosis. "Why are you saving me doc?" she asked. 

Meehan cocked his head to his side. His glasses slid down the ridge of his nose as he frowned. "What do you mean, dear?" 

Janice flashed a meager smile. "You ain't as slick as you think you are."

"Janice, my *job* is to save you. Are you feeling all right?"

Janice swatted his hand away. "I'm feeling just fine," she said. "I'm practically a walking tumor."

She let Meehan stumble around for a bit, mumbling something about fetching a nurse, until she finally sighed and let it all hang out there. 

"I know you been giving me more *time*."

Meehan stopped in his tracks. 

His face turned a shade lighter. 

"You..." He sighed. "How'd you figure me out?"

"I've been terminal for seven years," Janice said. "But you ain't asked once if you could poke and prod me for study."

Meehan smiled. "I'll have to work on that for the others, thank you."

Janice remained perfectly still. Her chest felt as if it were boiling over. 

Meehan rubbed the back of his neck. 

"This is...unusu--"

"You don't have the right," Janice interrupted. She stood upon shaky legs and pointed an accusing finger his direction. "You don't get to choose when people go, without...without even *asking.*" She stood up straight and gulped. "You have *no* idea what it's like to have accepted something but to be kept *waiting*."

"I just wanted to help," he stammered. "It's my job."

"You want to help? Then *help*."

Meehan shuffled on his feet. "What do you want me to do?"

Janice swallowed. Her throat was hoarse. 

"I want to hear my husband's laughter again."

It took a few moments for Meehan to catch her meaning. 

When he did his adam's apple bobbed. 

"Make it all end in the next few minutes," Janice whispered. Tears were streaming down her cheeks now. "Make it all stop." 

Doctor Meehan's eyes shone green and brilliant one final time as he nodded and placed his hand on her shoulder. 

This time they were wet with tears. 

----------------

r/M0Zark
