So, we can now time travel into the future. One day, browsing the future, I came across the year 3027, creating designer humans was not only common, but a craze. As soon as I had gotten wind of this news, I instantly knew what I had to do, create a  a Jewish spinoff, of the reveled *gigga nigga*, and transport him back into the year 1934. It took countless nights slaving over every minor detail and aspect of the *giga jew*, it had to be perfect, it had to be everything Hitler despised. So, naturally, I designed him to, in addition to be jewish; Smoke Cigarettes constantly,  incredibly intolerant of intolerance,suffer from low grade aspergers, and have a knack for hunting german shepards. 

 Considering the year was 3027, I suffered setbacks, all of this was very frowned upon, specifically the dog hunting aspect.


Fast forward to the year 3028, after spending a year designing the giga jew, the project had been complete. My hands were trembling, every orifice of my body was sweating heavily, or I at least thought it was sweat. I released him from his suspension chamber. I had created a monster, with a purpose. His eyes burned with a passion for killing german shepards, a passion that rivaled Hitler's hate for the jews. I looked at him, he looked at me, i felt like a god. Due to him being a fully developed 30 year old man(because, that is how I wanted it to be) with artificial intelligence, he quickly acquired the ability to talk.  I told him, "son, I brought you into this life for one thing". He nodded, "I am aware". On our short travel to the time travel machine, we did not speak a single word, we did not need to. So, I dialed the machine back to 1934, my hands were still shaking, if this goes wrong, we can both die, or be stuck in the past forever.

 Upon arriving in Germany, It dawned on me, I had not planned nearly enough, nor had I known enough about history to find Hitler. 

Me and Giga Jew, or as he told me preferred to be called "GJ" hid away in the black forest, we had enough future food and clothing to last us a few days. I decided that maybe getting to know my creation, would be a good idea. 

So, we set up a little camp in the black forest. 

  We spent our time smoking future weed, and eating the rarest of meats.
    After two days of R&R, I had an ephinany upon waking, what I can only assume was a divine revelation. I am German, phsyically fit, and suffer from no mental illnesses, I can infiltrate the party. My plan had just gotten more elaborate. I will leave out all of the boring details. I did not get far, however, I had gotten far within the party, but I got far enough, that, I knew where Hitler resided. 
  In the six months it had taken me to learn basic german, and infiltrate the party, I had left giga jew in the woods, he understood and was fine.  Upon entering our camp, there were german shepard carcasses everywhere, it was a fucking bloodbath, the stench alone briefly made me consider aborting the mission. Standing there in shock, gigga jew jumped out of a bush in effort to surprise me. He was very happy, and in his element he had blood and shit smeared all over his body, he looked like the joker, but, jewish and covered in feces and blood. It was cumbersome to get him to part the camp, but he knew he had to fulfill his destiny.
 Giga Jew, being a very, very large jewish man, that defied the laws of physics, would stand out like a sore thumb, a jewish sore thumb. 

  Giga Jew, being designed on a single try, suffered from newb issues, that were becoming more apparent every minute.  He was, extremely impulsive, in retrospect, I should not have told him where hitler lived. He ran far ahead of me , and I could not catch up. 

 I returned to camp, hoping Giga Jew would have a change of heart.

 Days went by, I soon lost hope. I was considering leaving and going back to my normal life far in the future. It had been around 5 days since his dissapearance had caused me to question if he was alive, or free.  Suddenly, I could smell a 800 pound shit eating blood suckling man. I was bewildered. Then, I heard his footsteps in the distance, followed by, several hundred others. Giga jew was running, and he appeared to be covered in all sorts of shit, ligaments,blood, remains,etc, I really could not tell what he had done, or who's it was in the split second I had to think. Before I could speak, He screamed "GET EEEEN THE TELEPORTER GOYIM!!!!!!!!!!!!" . Without hesitation, I ran to the teleporter, I thought maybe he could make it in time for both of us to head back and call it quits.  Giga jew was approaching rapidly, and by the looks of it, he was suffering from several hundred thousand gunshot wounds. within 30 seconds of my observation, he is in front of the teleporter. He flops on the ground like a whale, and, in a struggled tone he says "goyim, the deed is done" he struggled to lift his arm to reveal his GOPRO 2, that I had given him, in perfect condition, just covered in god knows what. I scream "GJ, get in the teleporter now!, we can get ya patched up when we get back". GJ, looks at me, and I look at him, we say no words, the passion in his eyes is still burning as strong as the moment he was concieved. He didn't even have to say anything, but after a few moments of our mutual eye contact, he says "Goyim, this is my happy place" and life leaves his body. I see a vengeful army approaching in the distance, and, with all of the strength I could muster, I dial the knob to 2015. 

  I am overtaken by a strong period of sadness for days, I tell nobody of how my exibition went. 

  After I had gotten over it. I decided to check out the footy on the go pro. 

I click play. 


 It begins with GJ in a back yard, not that of hitlers, I was absolutely dumbfounded at what he could have been doing. After a few minutes, GJ reveals what his intention was, killing german shepards.  A grand sense of dissapointment overcomes me, however, with the little hope I had left, and hundreds of hours of footy, I decided to continue watching, at a higher speed. 

 The footage went on to reveal absolutely brutal videos of GJ annihalating German shepards of all shapes and sizes, with an unparralleled creativity I have not ever seen before in my entire life. I continued watching, I was beggining to take interest in how many ways he could possibly fucking kill a dog. 

However, I began to get jaded of this , and , it was pretty fucking disgusting. There was around 3 hours of "footy" left. Suddenly, exactly at the 3 hour mark, the film took a drastic change. It showed giga jew sneaking into hitlers house, from the top down, there is no footy of his method of entering. 

 GJ, being a large man, was not successful in sneaking, or controlling his impulses. He had gotten face-to face with Hitler's Shepard. I knew where  this was going. He consumed hitlers shepard.

 Due to the loud sounds of both GJ and the shepard, someone inside had taken notice. Adolf.fucking.Hitler. He enters the room, and just froze. 

GJ looks at him, just making eye contact, not saying a single word. 


GJ, after exchanging prolonged eye contact, suddenly,with unparelled speed, punches Hitler in the gullet, pulverizing his entire body into a homestyle-like pulp with the impact. The footage ends. 


