They call me a superhero. A few months ago, I was awarded the Key to the World by the UN for destroying a giant diamond asteroid before it impacted with Earth. Since then I tried to keep it quiet, I never enjoyed being in the spotlight, I just want to work and come home and go on Reddit. The media shockingly respect my desire to remain hidden, and have done their best not to bother me, meaning that I only had to move seven times. It can be both flattering and frustrating. 

Everybody loves a hero, last I went to the movies I saw a trailer, "Captain Diamond" with Chris Pratt starring the role of me as some roided up, funny, witty guy with a supermodel love interest. It's funny watching Chris Pratt fighting super villains with super strength because little does the world know my secret- I don't have super strength, instead I have the power of inverse force. This means that I can break through the toughest things in the world, like a steel bunker or that diamond asteroid, but I can't, for the life of me, poke a hole in play dough. I am worried about what would happen to me if the world were to find out. I mean, I don't mind giving an autograph or two to children at the park, but when full grown adults with neck beards dox me and ask me to sign their thousand dollar "collectible" action figure, that's just creepy and wrong. My life is already a huge mess being forced to move every other month, I don't need weird people stalking me, especially with my little secret.

However, despite all of these stresses, there is one consist factor in my life that gets me going, my wonderful wife. Of course she isn't a Jennifer Lawrence, nor a Megan Fox, but she is more than that. She knows my secret and still loves me for who I am. She never tried to exploit me for money deals. She always helps me do simple menial tasks that to me, due to my inverse force, are herculean. Best of all, she has amazingly have decided to stick with me through all the chaos in our lives these past few months. At night, she will tell me about her work and laugh at my horrible pun-tastic jokes. She gets me for who I am inside, and not what the world thinks of me to be. I don't know where I would be without her. The world doesn't need to know my story, as much as I love collecting them, nobody wants to see my POG collection, they need to hear her story.

Sure, I destroyed an armageddon asteroid, but she can make killer mashed potatoes and pop open my Capri Sun. Even a hero needs a hero.

EDIT: Fixing careless errors, yikes.