I stirred deliriously while attempting to sleep, alternating between icy chills and waves of heat that instantly bathed me in sweat. The room was dark and still. But for my labored breathing, you’d have heard a pin drop. I’d been in this state going on two days and finally my utter exhaustion was edging out my discomfort for control of my consciousness. Unconsciousness was beginning to gain ground while I entered that twilight on the cusp of falling asleep. I had that sensation of the bed tilting forward that so often accompanies that drift to sleep, but I was too tired to jolt in response. I was being whisked away to rest, possibly forever. 

No sooner was my body shutting down that I heard a clanging of metal resounding against metal. The metal hand rail surrounding my bed was vibrating with taps from an unseen object. The sound brought me out of sleep in a fog and I tried to discern the source of the clatter through the darkness, squinting all the while. As my eyes adjusted, a blaze illuminated the room. A flash of light reflected against my hand rail’s molester - a gleaming Scottish Claymore with a dark leather wrapped handle. Even in my distressed state of failing health, that sight was unmistakable. 

My voice trembled, “What’s the meaning of this? Who are you? Have you come to accelerate my -“ I heaved a flem rattled cough and continued, “my, departure?”

“Accelerate it?” A voice inquired. To this point I’d only seen a sword held by a fiery glow, but I now saw a fully present figure before me. A man with shoulder length hair as silver as his sword’s blade and a black robe in the style of a monk’s. “Why, your ‘departure’ - I love the little euphemism for your conversion to a corpse, by the way - was stamped the moment I appeared. You’re already as good as dead, but first, I’d like to amuse myself. It’s not every day I get to match blades with a legend. Yes, I’ve come across many over the eons who fashioned themselves warriors the likes of which had never been seen, but they all fell to my sword before I even had a moment’s enjoyment. Imagine the millennia of monotony. You on the other hand, you’re the real McCoy. Or so you believe. Maybe I’ll derive a little satisfaction at a challenge before your ‘departure.’ What do you say? That last bit is a figure of speech, you don’t have a choice. Here’s your sword, on-guard now, and all that good stuff...”

Even though just listening to his speech took every ounce of energy I could muster, I just had to laugh. “I won’t boast of my sword play - there’s a sex joke in there somewhere - how’s that for a euphemism? And even if I possessed it, how do you imagine an old mummy like me would prove it to you? Killing me proves nothing but your advocacy for euthanasia. I can barely lift a glass of water, much less wield an instrument of -“ I broke to cough harder than before, blood now splotching my gown. I thought better of finishing my response.

“Save that blood for moment’s ahead, young man. For to me, you’re as an infant by comparison to my years. Death stands before you, the one and only. I’m a reaper of ‘departures’, whether or not I’m feeling grim when I do it. I can suck your life out, but as easily rejuvenate it for sport, and right now I have cause to play the latter game. Now arise!”

My body swelled, invigorated, without a single ache. I couldn’t help but fully experience this health that had so long eluded me and so I walked about, grinning all the while. “I thank you for my health,” I began, “but why should I imperil this newfound fortune as soon as it’s entered my hand? You’re already, departed, and so I’d be fighting you until I was too weak to continue and you’d kill me dead merely in a protracted war of attrition. It’d speak nothing to skill, and only to what we already know - that without mortal shortcomings you have an advantage that cannot fairly be bested. I’d do better to stroll in the summer night air and enjoy this health that way.”

Death pondered this, “Yes, I suppose you’re right. I didn’t make you as Lazarus to pick flowers, but rather to amuse me. But you’re correct that loaded die don’t give a true gambler any satisfying high. Very well, I’ll make myself as mortal as you. If I lose, I’ll go where you were headed and you’ll take my place as an immortal usher for the afterlife. With the knowledge that you truly are the best. Someone has to ensure life’s catch - its conclusion. Accept this challenge or be suspended in your feverish state for all eternity.” He tossed me a blade I grabbed midair by the handle and spun it around to get a sense of its weight.

Like two boxers sniffing out our approach to the fight we simply paced around a few moments, eyeing each other for weaknesses and building our nerve. He was giddy with excitement, clearly, and he couldn’t help but approach first. He did a quick swipe with his sword simply to get me off balance, but I moved my head to avoid it, without moving my body, to conserve energy and stay in position. The use of your body is as much or more important than your use of your sword in determining a fight’s success. Admittedly, I was having fun. I hadn’t fought in years. I had to smile. He chuckled himself. We took jabs and swipes for at least ten minutes, each waiting for the other to become impatient and try to go in for the kill sloppily. We each knew better. Like two expert chess players, we took our time crafting our moves.

Finally, I sliced through his heavy robe sleeve, cutting his dominant arm. He seemed shocked at first, but upon touching the blood with his other hand, a glint of elation flashed across his eyes. For someone who’d spent his existence watching the game of life and never truly playing it, he must have been ecstatic to finally join in on the fun of mortal consequences. He fought with vigor for hours, heaving heavy breaths through almost goofy smiles of joy. 

Then, in an amateurish twist of his body, he exposed his heart, and I felt compelled to lunge and fell him. He laughed hysterically, as if he’d wanted this end to result. 