Whenever I see ducks mentioned I have to share a story about one of my most memorable interactions with a webbed-toed water fowl. 

It was a summers day in 1995, North Yorkshire. I was five years old. We were on a family picnic, one of many we'd have over the years - but one that I would certainly never forget. 

The sun was beating down ferociously and a small stream near our picnic spot glimmered like a diamond in the August heat. Being a British family the picnic was a disappoinment. The mat was placed down on uneven ground, meaning over the course of the outing several glasses of pop were knocked over. We were harrassed continually by wasps and because we had forgotten to pack a knife we had to cut the Colby with a video rental card. As you can imagine tensions were running high - but things were only heading down hill from there. 

As the afternoon wore on a slight breeze picked up, rustling the long grass in the meadow alongside the stream. At first it seemed like an imaginary noise, almost imperceptible, but after a few minutes it was undeniable - the distant sound of honking. 

The unsettling part of the mystery sound was that it didn't just sound like one thing honking, it sounded like lots of things honking. The noise grew steadily. After five minutes the honking had grown into a steady drone, the meandering stream began to vibrate subtly at it edges. The ground started to shake and a cloud passed in front of the sun. 

It was suddenly cold. The honking was deafening now. Leaves on the weeping willow trees started to shake violently, the stream was boiling viciously, water splashing up and sloshing onto the grass. The day seemed to get darker still. The cloud that blocked the sun grew and grew. The honking reached a fever pitch, the stream emptied onto the meadow and the ground shook violently. 

Ten thousand gooses (geese?) decended like a quaking bread thirsty hailstorm, like lightening they shot toward the ground. It was nearly pitch black now. A million beaks and gaudy feathers scratched and tore at our flesh. Dead geese began to pile up around us but still they came. Blood curdelling honking, small beady black eyes and sweet smelling faeces became our world. It was an apocalypse. 

When they found us a few hours later we were all passed out. We tried to move on but family picnics were never the same. 

Sometimes on a hot summers day when the sun is at the right angle in the sky and the soft grass is underneath my bare feet I can almost hear it. A shiver runs down my spine and skin on my arms begins to prickle. The honking. Oh god the honking.

