I sat in my lab flipping through my journal. The hum of my sunlamps filling the unnaturally quiet evening. I had taken quite a liking to my new found hobby, my love of plants had finally manifested to something worth while. I looked over at my newest plant and took notes on the development. "Two days and already at maturity!" I exclaimed as I noticed the large potatoes already grown around the base. A perfect hybrid that could help the food shortage our country was experiencing. I smiled and closed my journal, placing it safely inside my satchel. I was ready to head back to the house and enjoy the rest of my evening. 

I walked up the stairs to the main floor of my greenhouse, plants surrounding me on all sides. The smell was wonderful as I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I opened my eyes and fixed on the lights approaching towards the large glass door in front of me fast. I blinked in confusion as the door shattered and SWAT team members swarmed around me. Multiple took up positions all around as I attempted to process the situation. I felt the grip around my shoulder as I was rushed towards the open door, not knowing where I was going. A bright flash and a deafening noise filled the air as one of the men fell hard to the floor next to us. 

"We're too late, here they come." Whispered the man holding me. Gunfire erupted everywhere around me as I was pushed to the floor. In a daze, I looked all around as Officers fell to the ground, some scrabbling back up towards cover, others gone. Plants shattered all around as tables were over turned and glass panes broken out. The radio of the downed Officer next to me crackled, "Package not secure, team one ineffective." I felt another hand grab my shirt as I was dragged across the floor. More Officers fell as bullets streamed across my greenhouse. 

I looked up right as the Officer dragging me went down. He hit the floor with a loud thud as an unnatural silence fell. I took deep breaths as I looked around, dead Officers lay all around me, rifles and tactical gear scattered as streams of red flowed down the drains in the floor. I began to feel my stomach turn as I snapped back to reality, a radio crackled again in the back ground, "Team 1 Respond. Team 1 Respond..." I began to drag myself into a corner as I heard glass break off to my side. I turned my head right as a bag pulled tightly over me, obstructing my vision. I felt a harsh crack against my forehead as everything went dark.  