Even before I opened my eyes, I realized something was wrong. It was hot, too hot for inside, and too bright. I could feel a hard, dusty surface beneath me. I slowly opened my eyes, allowing my vision to adjust to the bright scene around me.  

All I could see was dusty earth, all the way to the horizon. The sky was a flat blue, with the sun shining blindingly. A few dry bushes dotted the landscape. A dirt road, barely distinguishable from the rest of the ground, cut across the land and away over the distant horizon. 

I reached into my pocket, hoping to find my cell phone. Instead, I pulled out a handful of bills. Mexican pesos. I counted them- $1000. I was glad that I had at least *some* money- even if it was only about 50 USD. 

Then I noticed something else left in my pocket. I pulled it out- it was a note- and read it. 

"Este es el examen final. -Sra. Kahlo" 

As I tried to piece together what had happened, I remembered the events of the previous night. I was laying in bed, watching TV, when I heard a noise behind me. I had started to turn toward the door, when suddenly I felt a rag covering my face. The smell of chemicals filled my nose, and I felt myself blacking out. 

So, in some weird twisted test, my Spanish teacher had kidnapped me and dropped me off in what I presumed was Mexico. With nothing but some pesos and a note. Not even water! The most angering part, though, (aside from being kidnapped) is that I was only in Spanish 1! I was a total beginner! How was I supposed to make it back home with 50 bucks and an extremely minimal understanding of the Spanish language? 

As I sat there, trying to figure out what to do, I heard a car approaching. I saw it appear over the horizon, just a tiny dot, slowly growing as it approached me. As the car got closer, I took off my shirt and began waving it over my head. As the car slowed to a stop, I thanked any god I could think of that I was so lucky. I approached the door as the driver rolled down their window, seeing a middle-aged woman driving. 

"Excuse me, I'm lost, do you think I could get a ride?" I asked. As I spoke, her face turned to confusion. 

"Lo siento, no hablo inglés," she responded. 

I swore under my breath, then tried to think of how to explain my situation. 

"Yo hablo español solamente un poco. Yo no sé dónde estoy. Estoy..." I trailed off, trying to think of the right word. The woman nodded sympathetically. 

Eventually I just pointed to the back seat of her car, and said "Por favor?" The woman looked uncertain for a moment. I suddenly remembered the money in my pocket. I pulled out a few of the bills, showing them to the lady. "Tengo dinero! Puedo pagar te!" 

The lady thought for a moment, then nodded and unlocked the door. I got into the back seat and buckled in. The woman turned to me. 

"¿Adónde vas?" she asked. 

I opened my mouth to respond, then stopped. I had no clue where I was, other than 'Mexico, probably.' I thought for a second, then replied, "¿Dónde estamos? Necesito volver a los Estados Unidos." 

A look of surprise spread over the lady's face. She said something that I didn't totally hear, but I got the gist of it. She couldn't take me all the way there. I nodded understandingly. 

"¿Puedes llevar me a un ciudad mejor?" I asked. As long as I could get to an airport, I'd be fine. The woman nodded, and began to drive again in the way she had been heading originally. After a few minutes, I began to feel faint. Laying in the sun had probably made me very dehydrated. I cleared my throat, then asked, "Tienes agua? Tengo mucho sed." 

The woman nodded. "Sí, tengo un, está aqui." She said, digging into her purse to grab a water bottle, then handing it to me. I nodded appreciately, and thanked her. 

Eventually we reached a city- Mexico City. I asked the lady to take me to the US Embassy, thinking it would be my best bet to get home quickly. Unfortunately, fate wouldn't let me go that easily. 

(Oh, a cliffhanger! Part 2 coming soon?) 
edit: typo 