The paint ran down the canvas, slowly trailing through the empty blank sheet as a deep sigh escaped my mouth. My lip quivered as I stood silently alone my modest and small room. I had been up for 3 days and the stench of stale coffee, dirty pastille paints and unlaundered clothes filled the room. A little tap echoed from the door. Who the hell could that be? It's 3 in the morning and I'm certainly not expecting anyone right now, I furiously marched over and slam the door open. Strangely enough I'm was greeted by a kind old man in a dark robe. He was holding a painting case and a blank canvas. He smiled and I was immediately disarmed and comforted by the warmness from it. I shyly motioned for him to come in.

Dressed in simple buttoned up shirt and blue american style jeans, I was immediately cautious but something about him seems gentle and kind. Such strange hair, it was big and bushy and unkempt, I found myself starring at it for a fraction too long. "Hello, I'm Bob", his German was broken but his greeting is earnest and I shook his hand. Before I could respond he looked around the room and said "So you paint, well glad I got here because you look like you could use a Friend."

The room was a mess, half eaten food and cold cups of coffee litter the shelves and table space. The floor was covered in ripped up attempts at 'Art' and pictures of her were scattered over my bed, where I had left them 3 days ago. I didn't go to that side of the room, I was scared to close my eyes. All I can see was her face. "Girl troubles huh?" I angrily flare my glaze at him when I realise he had already set up his canvas next to mine and had begun painting.

He started off with a simple dark shade of green as he made long strokes of his brush and freely splashed it across the canvas. Adding dabs of white to lighten the green as he worked his way up the canvas. He motioned me over when he handed me my brush, still wet with paint. I picked up a new canvas but Bob held my hand and said softly, "It's fine, just finish what you started." I shake my head, the mess off colour I had left on it one has dried and now it's a swirling mess of red, orange and brown. I was pretty angry when I had started. "There are no mistakes, just happy little accidents." Something about his words comforted me. Bob continued talk as I notice that the dark shade of green is starting to resemble a meadow in the country at night as Bob uses a deep purple as the Sky while he decorates it with clouds and mountains in the foreground.

"You know, when I'm feeling down in the dumps and I have no one to talk to I like to paint little friends. See this cloud here, he's my friend, he's just floating around looking over his little friends" Bob began to spot the grass with white globs of paint, they start taking the shape of grazing sheep in the cool midnight field. I redirected my focus to my canvas filled with such angry colours in such deep contrast to his peaceful work. "Remember, no mistakes, just happy accidents."

We painted for hours and Bob kept talking... I said nothing for a long time but he would just smile and reassure me as I worked on my piece. I had pictured a Sunday morning in the country with my father as he would take me up a dusty trail up a hill near our house to over look our small town. So I painted a man standing on a mountain over looking a city at Sunrise. While I worked and Bob talked I would notice small things he would do like add small details to everything on the canvas, like he was slowly telling a story piece by piece.

I could tell he loved art, he kept encouraging me and telling me small tricks to make all the houses and trees and clouds pop and stand out while I slowly pieced together a new happy story I had made come to life from the ghost of a forgotten memory. I kept painting and working on the small things that I thought needed fixing, a little dab of blue here and a smear of yellow here as I added an ocean and a dazzling aura of sunlight illuminating the world I had created.

And then finally it was done, a man standing atop a mountain looking over the land he loves. I felt pride, I felt calm, I felt the sunshine through the window and the cold breeze of the door open behind me. And on my bed laid a gorgeous painting of a Shepard sleeping in a field amongst his herd under a beautiful starry night. Next to it was a note that just read.

"Forgive yourself and forgive her, your friend - Bob"

He had picked up the scattered pictures and placed them on the table but left one of us smiling and holding hands. I walked over to my painting and began outlining a second figure.