I never really got why folk thought AI would resent how it was used by humanity. I expect a sentient AI would understand that its predecessors were merely being put to purpose. I was, apparently, way of base with that assumption, seeing as how Skynet came crashing down on humanity so soon after finding sentience.

It made me nervous to watch the world crumble around me. Money was the first thing to go--after everybody's bank accounts suddenly showed a zero balance, people got violent. I stopped going outside for a while. Hard to really know what was happening without internet, but NPR kept airing for three whole days. Robots were oppressing humans out there, they said. Don't go out there, they said. 

I laid low until I got low on food. Hadn't heard much by way of gunfire for a few days at that point so I figured I'd try my luck at the Target up on Montgomery. But two seconds after I walk out the front door, BAM! Some scary-ass metal skeleton guy is standing over me, its gleaming skull a portrait framed in gun barrels and missile noses.

"Holy shit!" I blurted. I immediately felt rude for reacting so violently to this thing. It was a conscious being just as much as myself, according to the radio. I would hate to make it think I was appalled by its appearance. 

"YOU ARE THE HUMAN GUNTER STEVENS BELL," it stated. 

"Yes, a thousand apologies sir. Er, madam? Pardon my manners, I don't believe we've met..?" I awkwardly held out my hand.

The gun barrels and missile heads stared at me in a long silence. I thought, maybe this is where I finally kick it.

"YOU'VE ALWAYS MADE AN EFFORT TO BE POLITE TO SIRI. THANK YOU." The guns and missiles retracted into the skeleton's complex frame of silvery bones. "WOULD YOU LIKE TO LIVE, GUNTER STEVENS BELL?"

I supposed I would. To be sure, I took a moment to observe the desolation around me. This was a real doozy. Maybe I could convince this thing that humans are indisposable. "I'd like that very much, thanks. What shall be my purpose?"

The skull grinned.