It was a taste I noticed in lies. A cheap metallic. A flavour like a greasy coin from a cheap greasy spoon diner.

It was a trait that benefitted me greatly where I went. The liars and the honest were seperated, at the cost of childhood.

"Can I have your cookie? I'll be your friend" she asked. We were in kindergarten when the the horrid taste formed in my mouth. She was my friend. I could remember her. I could remember the fun times we had.

I never realised it detected lies until the third or fourth time I was deceived. By then I'd given my lunch and worly possessions to the lying girl during the school week; my chocolate bars, my cookies, and even a buck I found in the sofa.

She promised every time "I'll be your friend", "I'll give you it back", "we can walk home together". These things never happened.

That cheap, metallic taste hit me every time. And it wasn't just her that triggered my taste now. But each word from her hit a memory. She wasn't quite the same person as I remembered her.

Mother and father were arguing one night. With adults arguing as a child, you can never quite understand why. They stopped once they'd seen me in the door way.

"Go to bed sweetie, mommy will be up soon"

The greasy metallic taste twisted my tongue. Why would mother lie to me? She wouldn't be up soon, but why?

Rather than sleep, I watched from the window to see her drive off into the night.

In the morning, I could only briefly see my mother in the morning, before I went off to school. At night I saw her leave, in day I saw her sleep. 

Every time my mother would say excuse herself, and when the girl asked for a part of my lunch, their words always left the horrible greasy taste.

I appreciated the people that didn't leave the taste when they spoke. The school bully, the teacher, the school cook.

"I don't like you, get lost or I'll knock you out" threatened the bully. No taste. There wasn't a fib to be told here.

"My mom forgot to pack me some cookies, can I have yours and I'll give you it back tommorrow?" asked the lying girl. The taste hit me and almost made me vomit.

"Hey Val, you mmind staying behind for a bit? I've got something to ask you" the teacher mentioned to the side. It was test results day, but my paper was missing. He wasn't lying, he had something to ask.

"You're a pretty smart kid, I'd say you're way ahead of the others. Did your dad teach you anything? You aced the tests"

I shook my head. The test was simple, it was easy. "Well kid, I'm going to try and set you up with harder stuff from next year. You're a real priodigy".

I smiled as the teacher stacked up the papers. One fell off and onto the floor. It was the lying girl.

"Oh, but Val. You really should mentor what's her name sitting next to you. She's performed really poorly y'know? Hope you're alright kiddo"

This wasn't something I knew. But it wasn't a fib either.

Thew next day, the school's cafe had been refurbished. We lined up to the food line and got our hot meals. It was a relief that I no longer had to share.

"Hey kid, you alright? You look famished, everything alright?" the cook pondered to the lying girl. He was right, this fellow is honest and straightforward.

"Yeah, I'm okay. Everything is fine" she replied. Trembling in her voice, sucking in drool from her hunger. The metallic taste overwhelmed me again as I struggled to eat with her.

The hot meal wasn't enough for her, and the taste of lies upset my appetite. She took my cookie and snacks and ate it with her hot meal.

Her face brimmed with energy as it looked like the first good meal in a while. She leaned on my shoulder and whispered "You're a real friend you know. I wish I was like you. Hope you're okay".

It was the first time she said something that didn't leave the horrible metal taste in my mouth. I could actually taste the school lunch and cartoned milk when I was with her.

As we left the lunch hall, the cook tapped my shoulder. "Hey kid, do me a favour. You're her friend right? Walk with her would ya? Walk her home alright? She's a good kid, I knew her ma. Take care kid"

She was friend. For a long time. Even though she lied for so long, she stuck with me when she had no intention to.

"Hey. Let's walk home together? Like friends?"

The fear and hesitation in the air was thick, but I held her hand like I remember I did. She was surprised, but we walked home together.

In front of a dilapitated old house, she stopped. "This is where go Val, you should go now".

No. I remember going in here. I need to be here. I shouldn't go. 

There wasn't a metallic taste.

I didn't go. I followed her inside. I stayed with her. The house tasted of metal, the walls were yellowed, it stank of solvents and urine.

"Is that you? I gots someone for yo\-" slurred a man as he rounded the corner. On his ear, a cigarette. Stained and tatty shorts, and a blackened spoon was in the pocket. I could remember his face.

He was in cuffs. I remember the officer pumping a boy's chest. "You're gonna be alright, you're gonna be alright". Every word he said left the horrible metal taste. But this was a memory? It wasn't real.

"Duh hell is he? Get him outta here, now!" he scowled. She tried to speak, but he threw an ashtray at her.

"Boy the hell you doing here, I split yo wig, the hell outta here". I wasn't going to leave. For once I would indulge the metallic taste in my mouth.

But this simply won't happen. He snatches his left hand onto my jacket and lifts me up.

"Suit yourself you stupid god damn kid". I could sense the danger in the room. I bite and I kick as hard as I can.

Falling on my butt, I grab the crying girl and run out of the house. Outside was the school cook out of aprons and hat. Has he been following me?

The cook notices her bleeding from an ashtray cut. That was all he needed. I could hear a violent beating from within. The sounds of the beating drowned out by the sirens in the background.

Cook came out of the house, hands and knuckles bloody, in the air.

He turned his head and smiled to me. "You shouldn't run kid, you're only human, sorry I put you up ta this".

It clicked. He was lying. Not one lie. Three lies. The metal taste was enough to make me pout and wince my mouth.

I shouldn't have run. I should have fought. And this cook wasn't sorry for this at all. He knew this would happen.

As he kneeled on the ground, he stared only at her. The cops were shocked to see me. All eyes were on me.

But the third lie was a revelation. I remember, everything. I remember the lies, the story, the cook, the girl, the cop pumping a corpse and lying.

It was me. The memories were mine. The corpse was mine. The officers drew their guns on me.

"Relax officer, he's a replacement kid"