The count was up to twelve. All since the start of the new year. All members of the entertainment elite. Though some of the victims seemed random, there was a pattern. A rhyme to the reason.  I couldn't put my finger on it. Not until I saw the nominations on TV one night. Then it clicked. 
So here I am, outside a modest Bel Air estate (less modest and more estate) waiting for someone or something that may or may not come. But the pattern is there--the patterns don't lie. 
The outliers are coincidence, or an effort to mask the truth. Police don't like to look any deeper than they have to. But only flotsam and jetsam float to the surface. 
The rustle in the bushes is the first thing to catch my eye. I watched as it moves slowly up the face of the wall and over.  I hop out of the car and over the wall behind it. Whatever scaled the wall is fast, gone by the time I reach the ground. The weight of the silver dagger on my belt is a comfort. Not a lot of puresilver in circulation anymore, and every ounce of it is precious. I unsnap it's sheath as I reach out to the half-open door to the kitchen...

The door swings open quietly--empty house.  Empty except for the sound of footsteps above. I creep past the marble countertops and up the sweeping stairway.  The drapery is dancing on invisible currents of air. But the windows are closed. Bad sign. 
I reach the top at the same time I hear the chanting coming from down the hall.  A dark figure inside the doorway. I pull the dagger from its sheath without breaking stride. The closer I got to the doorway, to the Dark One, the further away I felt, like it was moving inexorably away from me. I reach the end. My body jumps to the side  instinctively as the floor creaks beneath my weight. The chanting stops and I hear a rustle as the creature turns.  Seconds seem like hours as the beast listens and waits--I am still, hoping my own heartbeat doesn't give me away. The chanting resumes. I peek in and see it facing a large circle drawn in chaulk. At each of the eight Cardinal Directions an small gold statue, each also facing inward to the center. The chanting swells and the wind begins to pick up. I close on my target, his blonde hair blowing in the otherworldly gale. I can almost reach out and touch it and for a moment I feel a twinge of pity for the creature. I bring down the knife, jamming it into his shoulder at the neck. 

For a split second everything stops. The chanting, the wind, everything.  Time stands still. Then it shifts it's weight and slams into me with its left arm. My lungs collapse as I hit the far wall and take a knee.  Gasping for air I look up to see the monsters dull grey eyes staring at me with malice. Though he looked like he weighed a buck forty, he hit like a truck. I stagger to my feet as it stares at his hand, at the blood wiped from the gash in his neck. The monster makes it three steps toward me before it collapses to the floor.  It  stares at me as I cautiously walk toward it, dagger in hand.  I kneel next to it and hear him gasping for breath. Blood escaping through gritted teeth. 

"You fool," he rasps, "this world is nothing but a dream within a dream."  

I lift the dagger overhead. To offer a mercy, put the creature out of its misery.  

"I'm the King of the World" he wheezes. 

He turns and whips his hand toward the circle, the gathered blood splattering into place. With a roar the circle is engulfed with ghostly flames. I raise my other arm to shield my eyes and fall backward from the force of the circle. Too little too late.  The roar of the ghost flame  and the laughter of the foul creature drown the room in cacophony. Inside the circle a form begins to appear, shadow against the ghostly light. The sounds I hear are enough to cut to the bone. 

"Woooo!  HaHaaaaa!" came the voice from the flame. 

I scramble to my feet and out the door. I had no chance now. Down the stairs and out the kitchen door my head swimming in the realization of the consequences that tonight would bring. I reach the car as the window of the second floor room blows out sending glass clear across the street. The Horror was staring as I looked back. 

I jump in and gun it. 

"Aww, Hell No! Ain't nobody comin' into my neighborhood and killing my minions and getting away with it" the Beast Roared. "That's right, run. Look at you all banged up!  Who's the man?!"

I rocket around the corner and into the darkness. What the hell am I going to do now?

***

The Horror turns back away from the window and around the room. 

"Welcome to Earth!"

It gazed down at the fallen warlock, who had breathed his last. 

"You know the difference between you and me? I make this look good..."

