Mark Phillips was getting annoyed, this was the 3rd time that Diana sent him on a trip to Asia. 

“Oh, but you’ve there so many times” he imitated Diana in his head”

I don’t even speak Mandarin!” he angrily muttered to himself. 

“Cmon, it’s not hard, just talk to the manufacturer and tell them that the delays are not acceptable” She retorted.

 Mark hated Diana. Diana was 50 some years old, always wore her black hair in a bun, and never wore anything but a jet black coat and skirt.  she had spent 30 years at Windfall and never hesitated to exert her authority, he debated quitting when he returned.

Mark’s concentration was broken by a passenger a few seats ahead of him who posed an open question, “Shouldn’t we have landed by now?”
 
The stewardess replied “Don’t worry about it, we just hard to reroute”, it almost seemed that she didn’t believe that.

The passenger had a point, Mark thought. The last couple times that he made this flight he was back in Seoul in about 3 hours. 

“Fucking Windfall,” Mark thought “Too cheap to pay for a direct flight”. 

Was North Korea up to something again? Is this a dream? He felt scared? No, scared wasn’t the right word.

He then as if out of nowhere abruptly began speaking in tongues that had no earthy root, his body began contorting itself,  some other passengers involuntarily joined as well.

The stewardesses tried their best to calm them but it was all for naught. Chaos had gripped the passengers.

The co-pilot entered the cabin, floating, his arms outstretched and emanating a bright light, his eyes glazed over and joined the passengers speaking in tongues as if he was leading them in some foreign ritual. 

A noise that had no comparable sound on earth emerged and echoed throughout the craft, the passengers and crew fainted instantly

The passengers somehow regained their sanity and consciousness, they checked themselves over and tried to make sense of what happened. 

Mark looked out the window. “Uhh!…”  he went wide eyed and tried to explain what he was seeing, “It’s… it’s a massive living tote-” he then blacked out.

Japanese Airlines flight 327 nor the souls aboard were ever seen again.

//This is my first WP and I would welcome any feedback you guys have