Gummy bears. Top soil. Hair ties. Anything other than what my family's multi-generartional satchel was offering now.

I had grown up hearing stories of heroics at the hand of my forefathers. Medical remedies during war, food during famine and roses to charm. But today, of all days, it made the wrong decision. "A handgun instead of bus fare? Really?"

Pulling my cap down over my face to shield my recognizable attributes, I slumped into a chair next to the driver. She tiredly looked over, gave me on look, and closed the door.

"Thank you," I whispered in my mind. The bus lurched, and continued on it's longest stretch of the route. I nervously checked the driver every few moments to make sure there wasn't going to be trouble. After a few glances, I noticed the driver's eyes slowly closing.

"Wake up. Don't you close those eyes again."

The bus jerked, jolting passengers sharply in their seats. Uneasy, some of the passengers moved towards the back of the bus for more secure seating. 

"How long have you been driving?", I asked.

"Sir, please sit down and allow me to concentrate," she replied. 

Still gripping the content of my bag, I thought through the rest of the bus ride. "The school", I mumbled. Students would be getting out any moment, and the bus passed right by. 

The bus jolted again. Knowing that the driver was unable to recognize the danger within, I then realized the purpose of the contents of my bag. 

"Stop the bus," I commanded, still shielding my face from the bus camera. 

"Sir, I am not going to a...."

I slowly raised the gun, bringing it into full view. Realizing the gravity of the situation, the driver slowed the bus to a stop.

"Move to the back of the bus," I insisted.

Lost, I thought to myself, "How long am I supposed to stall?" I sat there pointing a cold, heavy handgun at a group of strangers. I asked for cell phones, asking that they be slid to the front of the bus. Once assured that there was no outside communication, I waited.

After an eternal 27 minutes, I felt something else in my bag. Car keys. That was my cue. I backed off the bus, headed down a street crowded with cars, and pushed the button to see which cars lights lit up. I hurriedly drove off, parked the car in an infrequently used garage, and headed for the street, removing my jacket and hat and throwing it in a nearby donation dumpster.
..........
Jessie had just finished the best art project she had done in her entire elementary school career. Beyond excited to share her art with her grandma, she rushed across the road without looking for oncoming traffic. Luckily, today, there was no distracted drivers on the road at that exact moment. 