Helena Mercier only received an honourable mention in the national science competition, but that was hardly reflective of the merit of her entry. Rather, as Helena astutely observed, there was little appetite for a scientific inquiry such as hers – the zeitgeist of the early 2200s was one seized with renewed passion for exploring the uncharted galaxies beyond earth, for humanity’s impending expansion amongst the stars.

In times such as those, when humanity’s gaze was focused outwards and not inwards, whose curiosity would ever be piqued by the monotonous-sounding “An Analysis of the Factors Leading to Humanity’s Achievements in the 22nd Century”? 

She understood this, so she graciously accepted the modest grant which was bestowed on her, and continued refining her work in the pockets of spare time which came her way. Coder in the Department of Statistics by day, unbridled zealot at night, she plugged away at the program she had written, feeding it with reams and reams of historical records. She studied the patterns which emerged, checked and cross-checked, verified and disproved.

Years passed. 

---

Helena found herself on the doorstep of a sprawling mansion in the suburbs one August morning, nervously checking the holoscan on her wrist to ensure she had the right place. Her journey had taken so long, had been so full of arduous obstacles, that she had trouble believing that it potentially was coming to an end.

“Hello, this is Helena,” she said, speaking into the communication panels built into the wall. “I have an appointment with Mr Burelli, he’s accepted my request for an interview.”

The doors slid open soundlessly, and the butler perfunctorily checked her credentials once more. “Mr Burelli is in the piazza. Please do not tax him with your questions unnecessarily, his health is not what it used to be.”

He’s so frail now, thought Helena when she first laid eyes on Burelli. He was seated in his sunchair, gazing out the window, with an intricate network of tubes linking him to an array of machines, thrumming ceaselessly in the background. His features were unmistakable, but compared to his holograms in public circulation, there was a grim pallor to his skin, a looseness to his flesh.

“Mr Burelli, thank you for meeting with me,” said Helena, settling into the chair opposite him. “I was hoping you could help shed some light on the research I’ve been doing.”

“Ah, yes, Helena. Your communique was very interesting, very imaginative. Come, my mind is not what it used to be, but if I can help you, I will.”

Helena took a deep breath. She knew that the longer she dwelled on framing the conclusion to her research, the more absurd it would sound – better to get it over and done with, as simply as she could.

“Mr Burelli… I think you’re the hidden hand which has guided humanity to its current utopia. More accurately, the organization you’re chairman of, the Three Events Society, has been quietly piloting every country on earth to where they are today. For over 200 years, TES has been nurturing leaders, lobbying for change, applying resources to bring humanity to where it is today. Mr Burelli, can you confirm or deny that?”

Burelli chuckled, and for a moment the lustre returned to his eyes. “On what do you base your claims, Helena?”

“I stand by my research, my algorithms. I directed my program to chart every significant decision taken by governments and corporations for the last two centuries, and then I queried the steps which led to those decisions. Imagine my surprise when, even after accounting for probability, TES was identified to be the genesis of over 75% of all the key steps forward which humanity has taken. TES is like a spider, in the centre of a very large web, strumming the threads as it sees fit.”

“I prefer the imagery of a conductor, Helena, of the world’s largest orchestra, coaxing a coherent and pleasing melody with a baton. That is far more pleasant than your spider.”

“So you admit it then? That TES is responsible for… everything? Don’t get me wrong, my own simulations showed that if TES did not interfere, there was a 85% chance that humanity would still be embroiled in petty internal squabbles, that disease would still run rampant, that we would still face yesteryear’s quandaries of overpopulation, undereducation, whatever else have you…”

“If nothing is broken, Helena, what answer do you seek?”

Helena sighed, then unplugged a chip from her personal communicator, and set it on the table between them. Her research, and all its conclusions, on a single square of silicon.

“I seek the answer only for myself, Mr Burelli. I have toiled a lifetime chasing this thread, pulling on it to see where it goes. Once I saw the pattern, I could not unsee it. As I said, I am grateful for what TES has done… but I still burn with curiosity, and it consumes me, all the time. For my own sanity, I must know.”

“So, you won’t set out to stop it? To oppose TES?”

“Why would I?”

They locked eyes then, and Helena felt Mr Burelli’s keen stare bore into her soul, laying it bare. In those few seconds, she saw a glimpse of the young Mr Burelli, the only son of a billionaire’s estate, the master investor who had dominated all the main industries, as powerful as he was enigmatic.

“I suppose there’s no harm in telling you anything, Helena. I won’t even bother asking that you keep it confidential, for I doubt you will be able to find anyone to believe you. In fact, TES has made quite certain that the scientific understanding which can actually prove my story is more than a hundred years away. Just a little insurance on our part, if you will.”

“Please, Mr Burrelli. I am listening.”

“Imagine, Helena, if there was more to our existence on earth than meets the eye. Imagine if there were a cosmic scale, unknown and impenetrable, which tracked all our deeds on earth and ascribed a score to it at the end of the day. Upon our deaths, we would be given a choice, to either spend our accumulated karma in exchange for an afterlife, or to donate it all to someone else on earth, so that they may live life a bit more bountifully than they would have.”

Helena’s pulse had quickened. She suddenly recalled how TES, in its early years, had redirected funds and molded opinions so that research into the afterlife often terminated prematurely. She had thought it frivolous then, but there was finally an explanation to those motivations.

The possibilities enraptured her.

“And then imagine,” continued Burelli, “that on one such occasion, someone was actually generous enough to donate every single bit of karma away. That had never happened before. Humans, being humans, often kept something for themselves, but this one was different. With no currency left to ply for an afterlife, a glitch occurred, if you will.”

“What happened to him?”

“It was a her, actually. But that’s a small detail. She thought she would wander the halls of purgatory forever, so you can imagine her surprise when she woke up in the body of a baby, born the day that her previous self had passed on. Even more curiously, she soon realised that she retained all her memories, all her knowledge, all her experience!” 

Helena’s hands trembled as she keyed notes into her communicator. “What was her name?”

“You probably have them all, Helena, in those patterns your algorithm discerned. In fact, you probably can summon those records even more diligently than I. But records are boring, don’t you agree? They will tell you when TES was founded, who founded it, what it was founded for… but they won’t ever reveal what went on in the minds of those who shaped TES into what it was.”

“Please, continue. I did not mean to interrupt.”

Burelli hobbled back to his chair, weakened from his foray to the window. “I will only say this much. The temptation to live a life of excess was unbearable, especially upon knowing the rules of the game. But three events took place in that first repeated life, three events which led one to realise that perhaps, there was more to life than living for oneself. That anyone granted such an opportunity, had the supreme responsibility of trying to do more with it, for the rest of us.”

The gears clicked in Helena’s mind, and though the questions were bubbling up in her mind like toadstools after the summer rain, one thought in particular, one realisation, cut right through to the top. Helena’s heart sank as she wrestled with it.

“Mr Burelli,” she said, leaning forward, the concern creasing her forehead, “will you be coming back again?”

He smiled at her, and almost imperceptibly, shook his head from side to side. As the sunlight streamed in, as the melancholic beeps of the life support machines punctuated the blossoming silence, as the scene was etched forever in Helena’s memory, Burelli replied.

“No. My work here is done.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny