I had the sign posted outside the doors to my private castle for nearly my entire life, but the dimwitted knights constantly ignored them. I wondered, so many times, why my mothers never required knights to be educated like the nobles in our kingdom, but asking them was out of the question. 

"Princesses don't ask rude questions," Mama Victoria's words echoed in my mind as I sat atop the highest tower of my castle. Asking why the 'Good Men' of their land were dumb was definitely a rude question.

But, then again, so was attacking the best and most loyal friend of a royal, don't you think so? After all, I had practically raised Sapphire from a hatchling after one of those boorish knights slayed her mother under the false pretense that she wanted to kill him for fun. In reality, she was just protecting the tiny blue dragon from his thundering footsteps through her home in the forest. I remember the man coming to my mothers' throne room and presenting them with the pelt of the dragon and kneeling at their feet.

Mama Eleanor was *livid*. She was a mage and many of her ingredients came from those dragons--who needed to be *alive* in order to collect their tears and shedded scales--and she had always been kind to them, providing them with food and promises of safety wherever they should roam. 

Him presenting that pelt was like a slap to the face of not only her, but her personal guard, who were tasked with protecting the animals in *our* forest. But, because this idiot was from a different land and knew not our rules, she granted him leniency, so long as he promised to never hunt in her kingdom again.

He agreed and even offered up Sapphire, who he sheepishly claimed he wanted to save for "Dragonette Soup". My mother's nose wrinkled as she snatched the hatchling away and presented her to me, where I was playing at Mama Victoria's feet. There was an instant bond the second Sapphire was in my arms and she curled against my shoulder, practically purring.

Anyway, whenever one of those tin-wrapped nincompoops came round on their inbred horses, hollering up to me that they would "slay the Hell Beast and save you, my good lady," I would have to rush outside or to one of my windows and shout back that I was not in *need* of saving.

But they never listened. Of course they never listened! Mostly, they were men from neighboring kingdom. Nothing like the guard that I had grown up with. Some of them were even beginning to get annoyed whenever these guys showed up, standing in their way and attempting to persuade them to depart before they got themselves hurt.

But it was like their ears were filled with mud.

Eventually, my guards were share a glance with me and I'd give them a nod, whistling for Sapphire to do her thing. She never once hurt any of the knights--my mothers would never have forgiven me for causing an international incident like that--but a little flame and hot ash usually sent them running. My guards and I would laugh about it over wine later that night and I'd give Sapphire a double helping of meat and dessert.

She loved dessert.