I stretched my long thin fingers and pointed at my victim with a slow calculated gesture. Patient. It is patient now. I rose up from behind my desk and could hear a slight tear as my robe adorned with skulls got stuck on the office chair. Quickly I raised my oak-wood staff with a dramatic gesture, its lizard skull gleaming pale white under the bright shine of fluorescent lights.

Mr. Jones looked back at me from the bench where he sat in his briefs, his unhealthy skin and slightly pudgy frame visible.

"So.... uhm... how long do I have left, doc?"

"Oh, I'd say you're doomed to die mere minutes from now!" I said while looking at him and cackling madly.

"Ah" he said and smiled happily. "I was worried it was going to be longer."

"You fool! Time is a precious commodity of which you have very little left!"

"You're the best doc! I'm sorry I couldn't pay you in cash, but hopefully the chickens will do you well."

"Ignorant mortal! You have supplied me with the last ingredients I need for my master plan!"

"Old ma made sure you got the best ones. Only the good stuff for our doc." He positively beamed at me."

"They'll fuel rituals whose power you can't even begin to fathom!"

"You can say that again doc, all the hospitals said  I was a goner and here you are giving me a second chance"

"You'll be cursed to walk the earth forever, always undying! Dependent on the blood of your brethren to survive and shunned wherever you tread!"

"Aw, man. You're making me a vampire? You know, Mary is really into that Twilight stuff. I bet she'll think old pa is pretty cool now."

"Do you feel it? DO YOU FEEL IT MR. JONES?"

He slumped over on the bench, dead as a doornail.

"Ahahahahahahahahaa! Rise! RISE FROM THE GRAVE!" I lifted my staff and it crashed into the lights above with a slight thud. I could hear reciprocal knocking from Dr. Steinberg in the office above.

Mr. Jones opened his eyes.

"Wooooo!"

"Sense the power! Sense the curse! Feel the hunger!"

"Man I could kill for a Twinkie right about now."

"Killing is what you're made to do! You are nightmares personified. Evil incarnate!"

He literally jumped acrobatically up from the bench, landing elegantly on his feet.

"What the he..."

"Yes! Yes! Your body is perfected. Agile, strong, impervious to damage! None shall stop you."

"Shit doc, this is perfect. I can finish mrs. Doris' porch in no-time now."

"Your body will cut its fat! You will become lean, feral, efficient. An instrument of death!"

"Old ma is going to love that. She's been telling me to lose weight for ages"

I stared at him coldly.

"So... what happens now, doc?"

"You must go forth and find blood to feast on!"

"Oh" he paused for a minute. "Well, I'm sure the family will be happy to donate a pint now and then to keep old pa alive and kicking.

I thundered my staff into the door.

"Leave this place!"

"Sure thing doc, and thanks again. You've given me my life back!"

He dressed quickly, hugged me awkwardly and disappeared out the door. I walked to the window.

Outside I could see him approaching his old pickup. His family waiting anxiously besides it. His daughter running unsteadily in his direction before hugging him warmly. It went on for minutes, before he finally got in and the truck pulled away from the parking lot.

I walked to my desk and picked up his file. It had an old photo of him in there. I picked it up and picked my key-ring out of the robe's pocket. Three keys to unlock the drawer. I fished out the tome inside and opened it up. There was a spot for the photo already. Right next to old Rogers and that Stevens kid. I carefully placed the photo inside and looked around the office to make sure nobody was looking. Then I closed the tome and gently touched its cover before putting it back into the drawer. I smiled a gentle smile. mr. Jones would be just fine. He had people that loved him.

I pushed the button on the intercom.

"Yes, doc?" Sheila's shrill voice said to me.

"BRING IN THE NEXT VICTIM!"

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;