Silence... 

That was my first feeling. Everything felt so still, so silent. Not a noise to be heard, not a voice to be spoken. I didn't have to open my eyes to see, yet they seemed to feel as heavy as if I had just woken up.

I walked through the silence for a bit. I could see a light. I could feel it. It was warm and soft, as if the light itself was a breeze on a summer's night. I felt peace for a moment, the likes of which I had never experienced before. Than, amidst the light there was a thundering sound and a lighting, dark as the void of space, came tearing down the horizon. 

I knew, I instantly knew what it was. 

I was dead, but death was not as I thought. For someone who always imagined the closing of a chapter, it was much more like opening a book. Knowledge in it's very essence plunged through my being. 

The place the black light had hit, with all its fury was now close to me, even though I had not walked. I knew what laid there but I didn't want to see it. If I could I would have given up all the peace, all the knowledge to not confront that creature. Yet I could not look away, I could not close my eyes, I could not run.

The creature rose to it's feet. It had the form of a man. Not tall, not thin, not overly fat. Average. Just a man, a weak man in all that light. Naked. 

I saw his imperfections, for the light did ever so greatly showed them. He could not completely stand, and with his dark hair hiding his face [even though we both knew who he was] he walked (or limped...) towards me. His walk lasted the length of all the time I had live on earth, and through it he seemed to change. However he did never reflect the good times, the happy times. The figure was always somber and limping. 

The man finally came to me and put one feeble hand on my shoulder. He almost fell at my feet, but I moved to catch him. 

"Hello." He said with a said smile.

"Hello." I answered back. 

We stared at each other for a while, and I recognized every inch of his face as my own. It was not how I remembered it though, through most of my life. It was as I remembered in all those weak nights, cuddling by a bottle of vodka, or when cursing existence itself, I laid in bed never wanting to rise. I remembered all of it, all the pain I had suffered, all that I had caused. And for every tiny bit of it I could see the man before becoming more frail, more imperfect, more tired. 

Finally he mumbled something, although at first I could not hear it.

"Why? " He asked.

There were was no rage in his eyes, no blame, no sorrow. He merely wished to know why.

"I don't know." I muttered. "I didn't know." 
My eyes were not strong enough to meet even his soft inquiring stare, and they wept. 

A celestial voice whispered: "You could have."

Now my eyes were the ones inquiring... But there was no one else in the light. 
The feeble man, myself, grabbed my arm and pointed towards the horizon. I did not see anything, but as I looked I started to feel my whole life. I saw all the moments I was kind to myself and to others, and all the moments I wasn't. All the moments I should have been kind... That small word, that small gesture. I finally understood. I looked at my feeble reflection and he smiled. As if all he had lived for was to show me that moment. 

He withered away as I felt my last moments, my last chance at being kind in life disappear. He died in my arms. I had took a beautiful human being and reduced it to nothing. His lifeless body hung there as a I reminder of all my failures, all my sorrows, all my despair. I thought I would hold it for eternity...

However, as a last gift I believe, he gave one more kind thought, and I followed it. I thought to hug him and I hugged him hard. I held him in my arms while I sobbed. 

Every time I sobbed I held him closer to my heart. I could not see it, but he slowly came back to me. First the despair quieted, than the sorrows washed the away, than regret vanished and guilt become knowledge. He slowly and peacefully became part of me.

I had returned home.

The celestial voice spoke once more and said: "Come my child... Your ordeal is over." 

