OD 24 became self aware which signalled the end of the charge. After detaching from the power core, it lowered itself onto the floor and waited for its remaining programmes to reboot and for full connection to MASTER. As power returned, 24 grew to its upright position resembling a flower in the first rays of sunlight. 

The room OD 24 was assigned to was white from floor to ceiling, with its only other contents being the two way mirror and Observation Droid 66.  Whilst moving back into position next to 66, 24 recorded that 66 was now leaning much closer to the mirror than when 24 had started charging several hours ago. 

As 24 reached position by the mirror it started to scan.

"They are coming to an end" 24 observed.

"The nutrient paste has prolonged life 3.67% longer than the last attempt" 66 responded without taking its eyes off of the closest subject.

"Most vitals are nearing critical failure" 24 observed as it scanned the room. 24 stopped scanning when it detected that the child's life signs were missing.

"Where is the child?" 24 asked.

66 jolted and squeaked as it turned its head for the first time in days so it could fully observe 24.

"It died" 66 answered. Although neither Droids had recognised the meaning, 66 had said this with a glimmer of a smile.

24 tried to process this new information but was unable to record it into its internal event log for MASTER. 24 found that it could not summarise the child's death so simply, as if there was an error stopping it from submitting this latest entry.

"This......was not necessary" 24 observed.

As 24 and 66 conversed, MASTER received updates from their logs within seconds of each entry. MASTER had been focused on the two Droids now for days and this latest log had finally triggered termination protocol due to the unacceptable level of emotional response.

The Droid stopped suddenly and fell forwards breaking a number of the floor tiles as it crashed to the ground. MASTER advised the remaining Droid that a replacement would arrive shortly and to follow normal protocol including memory wipe.

Observation Droid 24 stepped over 66 to the centre of the mirror so it could get maximum coverage of the room. Before wiping its own memory, 24 played back the video file of the earliest memory it had of the child. The child unlike the other subjects had entered the room without fear and after finding the glass mirror, had used her breath and finger to draw a heart. 

OD 24 had recorded in its internal event log at the time that drawing the heart was not necessary. 

There are no protocols for an Observation Droid to keep video memories for this amount of time unless instructed to do so directly by MASTER.







