Garrett had a love-hate relationship with Kelly.

“Are you kidding me? I was in the middle of a job interview, Kelly. Do you have any idea how much you are ruining my life?”

After all this time, he only saw her in her moments of need. That sort of vulnerability can be endearing, even intimate. It is also horribly draining. 

“Karen just called me. She has breast cancer. With dad gone, I don’t have anyone else to turn to.” She was really trying to hold back tears, but Garrett knew it would be a matter of time.

“Damn. Ok, I’m sorry, Kelly. Mint chocolate chip in the freezer?” She nodded. “All right, you grab the Kleenex, I’ll get the bowls. Let’s talk about it.” At least now they had a routine.

The first time it happened after they broke up, he was annoyed. She had a test or something that she hadn’t studied for the next day. He thought it was a cosmic mistake. The second time it happened, he was devastated. The Jaguars were one catch away from the regional championship, and instead of clutching the game-winning ball, he found himself holding her broken arm. This wasn’t a fluke. It was permanent. Some of the guys had never forgiven him. That’s where the hate came from.

When Kelly’s dad died in that wreck, Garrett was actually glad for the curse. But each ex-boyfriend recovery session made him profane the day he was born. It got easier over time, but also more intrusive, as they drifted apart socially. He still decided to go to college nearby, though, for logistics’ sake.

“So how’s her husband and kids taking it?”

“Oh, they’re upbeat about it all, like usual.” Kelly sniffed, then smiled at him. “You were always like that, too. I don’t know how you would have lived with my mess if you weren’t.”

“Believe me, there are days I’m not.” He decided it was a good thing she was a fan of mint chocolate chip. If it was peach, this relationship, such as it was, would not work. A smile grazed his lips.

“What?” She leaned forward.

“I was thinking about how absurd this is, to be honest.” Her frown made it clear that is not what she expected. “I mean, come on, Kelly. You can’t go through life relying on me. One of these days I’ll have a family. They’ll need me more than you do. Are you going to hold my attention hostage then?”

“It’s not my fault!" she yelled, "You freaking asked for it! Do you think I want to see your face every time? Do you think I want to be reminded that you rejected me? That every man in my life leaves or rejects me? That…” Whatever else she had to say was drowned in sobs.

*Well, shit. Not my best work yet.* Garrett moved over to the couch and laid a comforting hand on her shoulder. She shrugged it off angrily the first time, but not the second. He knew her better than that by now.

Garrett didn’t really hate her for all of this. Hated the cosmic poltergeist who gave this to him, sure, but not her. He saw her now more truly than he did in those hormonal teenage years. He saw what hurt her. He saw what scarred her. And in his absences, he saw what she endured, and what she pulled through. In a way, Garrett had come to admire her. It wasn’t until he had started realizing that he was regretting the infrequency of her calls that he realized something had changed.

Garrett was falling for her again. It wasn’t a graceful fall into a woman who swept him away with breathtaking beauty. It was her beauty of small things, of life lived purposefully amidst trial. It was seeing real things about her. True things. Too many girls tried to sell him a façade. Kelly only met him in her moments of greatest honesty. It was oddly alluring.

“Look, Kelly, I’m here for you because once upon a time I wanted to be. Truth be told, part of me still wants to be. I just need you to know that being needed, in the absence of any other form of relationship, is horrible for me.” She looked up at him with reddened eyes. She wasn’t that pretty in the moment, but he was sure of it – she was beautiful. And it had taken ten years for him to realize it.

He continued, “How about this? Can we start over? Let’s get to know each other as friends, since we seemed to have skipped that step entirely. And maybe, from there, you’ll be able to figure out who you can truly rely on.”

She smiled. “I’d like that. And Garrett, you’ve always been there for me, even when I hated you for it. You’ve always been my best friend.”