Hagh backed up against the stone, his pulse rifle nearly as empty as his body of blood. Even now, with the air filled with energy pulses and the sounds of photoelectric charges going off, he felt his world growing darker. 

"Hey!" Hagh heard, snapping him back to the harsh reality of the invasion of his homeworld. "Hey you! Lovarian, right?"

Hagh blinked. "Yes. I am Lovarian. Who are you?"

"Tech Sergeant Adams with the Earth Aerospace Force. You can call me AJ though. You look pretty fucked up."

"I do not know this word. Your tone translates though." Hagh said, quietly preparing his introduction to Algar the Judge. 

"Well you're in good hands. I'm a Pararescue Jumper. I'm a medic. What's your name pal?" AJ said, loading a large round into the fat barrel beneath his own pulse rifle. 

"Hagh. I did not know humans were coming to help. Don't waste your time with me, my judgement comes soon."

"Fuck that, Hog. You can't die until I hand over patient responsibility." AJ said, setting his weapon down long enough to tear a package open with those predatory human teeth. "This is gonna burn Hog, not gonna lie."

And burn, that chemical did. Hagh screamed to the stars, begging to be judged, but his judgement didn't come. Instead, the burn subsided. "Algar's mercy! What was that?" He asked, watching the human shoulder his weapon and giving his (their?) enemies a taste of return fire. 

"QuickClot. Can you run Hog?" AJ asked, taking cover to reload. 

"Slowly, yes." Hagh said, surprised at being handed the human's sidearm. 

"Good, we're headed south. We've got a forward base established where we could break the Litheen invasion forces." AJ said, finally firing that fat little weapon attached to his rifle. The photoelectric pulse lit the darkness, giving Hagh a better chance to see his rescuer. 

Lanky and lean, as humans tended to be, he wore the uniform of his people. He was also bleeding. "You are injured." Hagh observed. 

"Fuck Hog, we're all injured. We had to argue with brass to let us drop in to render aid. Now let's move!" AJ said, setting his weapon to auto fire and filling the air behind them with a cloud of discouraging pulses. 

----------

"And that is why you are named for a human, Anthony, daughter of Hagh." The young woman's father said, with great reverence on his aged face, the beginnings of tears forming in the eyes on the left side of his face. 

"What became of my name father?" The young female asked. 

"I carried him into the base. Not the other way around. He died to allow me to survive. When you bear a child, remember the human who ensured the line of Hagh would remain unbroken. 

"I have asked our neighbors. None of them know this hero, AJ Adams. Why is that the case?" Anthony asked her father, sparing a glance out the window to the Earth place called Miami. 

"This is considered small heroism among the humans, my daughter. Take some time to learn what the warriors of their people have done."

---------
Edit: Typos (did this on my phone) and small editing mistake. 