Me and Micah were messing about a few weeks ago, applying to the top wizardry schools. Everyone else had awesome powers, but I didn't have them - my parents were mortals. And since all magic came from being a long descendant of a god or goddess (we're talking like 20 times grandchildren here). And now there was a letter from Fontaine's Academy for the Magically Gifted. I shook the dust off myself - I really did need to clean my room. My mom and dad walked up and said slowly as they saw the letter, "Oh, honey, you know you don't have powers." My dad continued my mom, "Let me put it in the bin..." I shook my head - I told them, "I want to show Micah that I can't go with him!" They nodded, and my mom said, "Listen, sweety, we have to talk-" I walked into my room and closed the door. I tore the blue paper and looked at the parchment, "Dear Jude Castellan of 14 Rosehill Avenue, we regret to inform you you have not been accepted to Fontaine's Academy for the Magically Gifted." I put the letter down. I thought that my parents would discuss other options, but Micah was at the door. I smiled at him, and he took the letter and began reading. He saw me looking sad and asked, "Jude, did you read the entire thing? Your ADHD didn't screw that up?" I muttered, "Of course not - I don't want my "mortalness" for all to read..." Micah left and told me, "Read the whole thing." I skim read it. "multitude of reasons", "incredible power". Wait what? Incredible power? I sat on my red bed and began to carefully read, "We could not accept you because you have raw mental energy and skills closely associated with the gift of prophecy and truth, and gifts with magic with healing. This shows you are a close descendant of the Olympians, a rare condition. We advise you do not try magic from here on in. Sincerely, Bethelda Ganemite of the Board of Admissions for Fontaine's Academy." I was shocked. Me, an Olympian? I grew up watching everyone else getting their powers and showing off. Mine never manifested. I yelled for my parents. My dad sighed and turned to my mom, "You have to tell him. Seriously, now." My dad was never serious, and my mom ruffled my hair, "Jude... James - the man you think's your dad... he isn't your father... We couldn't have a kid, and I wished every day, and then Apollo, the god of archery, truth, acting and so many other things - he helped with that. Nine months later - I had you." I was confused. Why would she lie? What "incredible power" did I have? My dad - sorry, James, interrupted my thoughts, "Listen, kiddo, you have that ring. It limits your power. Because otherwise - THEY would find you. I'm sure you've heard of the Cult of Galileo. Well. They capture powerful individuals, and they spy on schools. They harvest their powers to give it to Brendon Armstrong - the leader. With your power, he'd be unstoppable. You know I work for the police. We're tracking him down. But - just keep wearing the ring. For your safety." I nodded, my body seemed to accept it. I told them I was going to Micah's and I walked out the house. I saw blood first. Then the smoking car. Then a dis-attached arm. Then Micah's mangled corpse. Something inside told me to take off the ring. I did. The same, primal voice, told me, "Say these words." Micah looked confused as he began to die as I chanted,    
"Micheas omnia salva nos. Apollo autem vocatis me in virtute". A faint green light grew around him, as a trident and the number 15 swirled around his head. I knew what it meant. Water would restore him. I punched a fire hydrant and broke my hand. But it cracked. I gathered water and threw it on Micah. I turned away, to look at the car, and I heard him cough and mutter, "what? Is... is that what they meant by your powers?" I shrugged and said, "I guess. Keep it a secret - Galileo could harvest me and then Armstrong would be reborn." He nodded and muttered, "Tell him yourself." Next thing I saw, a woman in all black with "GALILEO - UNIT ONE" on her back stabbed me.

&#x200B;

(first writing prompt response!)