"You watching those humans again, Erlinda?" 

"And so what if I am? Ain't no rule against that." 

"Didn't say there was. And you know I love those humans just as much as the next guy. They're so sweet! Adorable! It's just -"

"Just what, Earlomar? Spit it out."

"I just think they may be giving you unhealthy expectations for a relationship."

"Is that so? Huh. You know, there are species on their planet that reproduce like we do. You know what them humans call it?" 

"Just like I said, here we go-"

"Traumatic insemination, Earlomar. You hear that? Traumatic!"  

"What do you want me to do, Erlinda? Apologize that you don't have a dedicated penetration orifice, like those female humans do? How would that be my fault, Erlinda, tell me that!" 

"Sure, sure, it ain't your fault when you're stabbing your barbed dick through my belly, that's got nothing to do with you!"

"You could get an orifice done, you know? Just visit the doctor and have the scarification done! You know, there are some guys who flat-out refuse to have anything to do with those scar rings! Say it lacks the sensation of outright penetration. I'm not one of those guys, Erlinda! If you want to stop waiting for your wounds to heal, and get the cauterization done instead, I'll be right behind you, one hundred percent!" 

"How mighty generous of you. You know those humans -" 

"Humans, humans, humans! Always with the humans! I'm tempted to go wipe them out just to hear you stop talking about them!" 

"Yeah? Yeah? Go right ahead! I'd like to see you try! A man wiping out humanity! I'd like to see what the Castration Federation thinks about that! Might as well spark off World War CCCLXIII!" 

"... Erlinda, you know I didn't mean it."

"Yeah? I'm thinking of moving to the Federation, you just see if I don't!" 

"Erlinda. C'mon. There's a reason we all love humans so much. Men and women. It's the one thing we can agree on."

"Hmph!"

"It's because they're so biologically sweet, and trusting, and tender, and they still rape and murder and mutilate each other just like anyone else! It's not biology, Erlinda, that determines what we are. It's what we work on becoming. And if even humans can genocide a couple of million of their own, well, we're not doing so bad, are we?" 

"Hmph. You always did have a way with words, Earlomar." 

"Yeah. Well I mean it. I really want to work on what we have together, Erlinda." 

"Well now, I could maybe consider scarification. But if you could just get a few of those barbs on your penis ground down-" 

"Not happening, Erlinda! Not happening!" 