Dying was a strange experience. At one moment i was a beat cop trying to save a young black teenager from being molested by certain red bandanna wearing individuals, next thing you know I'm in a gunfight after being stabbed in the gut by the same girl i was trying to save. Where the heck was my backup? And was this a setup? probably. 

You know all those hero cop movies they show you all those macho Arnold types fighting even with considerable wounds? Bs. Utter unadulterated 100% American BS. 

Last thing i see is this black kid staring down at me with a wicked smile on his face. Something pouring on my face. Something familiar. Ah yes. they are going to burn me alive. 

Not a bad way to go i suppose. I already had enough lead in me to last a lifetime. However short it may be. 

Regrets. I was raised a proper catholic. God bless my mother in whatever hell she was in right now. While not averse to the idea of dating and possibly some good ol' fashioned tumbling under the tarp, as my friends used to call it, i never could really keep a woman interested in me long enough to go anywhere with the conversation. Whether her place or mine. And at that moment dying as a 37 year old virgin really ... well i found it funny. 

***
My first thought was i was dreaming and this was some strange tokusatsu show. Always a rebel, but not much, I made it a point to do everything that irked my mother. One of the things was watching anime and tokusatsu. Once i remember her marching into my room and screaming "Are you watching that devil drawing again!" before slamming her fists on my laptop. 

I still hadn't moved out then. So after i bodily removed her from my room, i began to pack. it was the best decision i ever made. I would have left that night but i had to call my sister who was a teacher at a christian school to pick my mother up. I was angry. not stupid. no way in heck was i going to leave an old woman alone by herself. 

I was jarred out of my thoughts by a thunderous yet strangely sweet voice.

Get a move on! she placed a hand on my shoulder and shook me slightly, as if to make a point. It was slender and fair. Not at all what i pictured the grim reaper to be. for one thing... she was a looker. 

Blazing red hair. Face some thing a Greek goddess. Gaslight blue eyes. Lightly tanned skin, and lips that looked always on the verge of a smirk. And a small scar across her left cheek. This accentuated her beauty rather than mar it. 

My heart beat so fast i thought i was going to die. Funny. A dead man thinking of dying. 
 
IF you are done falling in love with me , she smirked, i would suggest we get a move on. 

What.. no.. i ... Damn it all. I swear i was not blushing at that time. Really nothing a cherry tomato you see. 

She was wearing form fitting armor. it was strangely familiar, yet i couldn't really guess where the design was from. And why would you put nipples on a breast plate?! i thought people knew better after #batnipple. Wait.. .was twitter a thing then? If it was... certainly #batnipple would have been a trending topic. 

i followed. I am not ashamed to say i found her... scythe... lets go with that.. captivating. 

it was strange. It never stayed one shape. one moment it was the master sword. next it was guilty thorn... then again it was the Eternian blade. i rubbed at my eyes. surely this was just my brain trying to squeeze out as much happy juice it can as i burned alive. it never stopped changing shapes. 

I am his daughter. She announced suddenly. In case you were wondering. One of the legion. The scythe changes shape according to a persons wishes. I was sorting through your memories. Sorry i got a bit carried away,but looks like you will be able to help.

Yes. I blurted out. anything.. please... just ask. 

She whirled around suddenly, i found a knife at my throat. No! she growled. I will not have you as my lapdog. You will be my equal. 

okay.. okay.. please put away the blade lady...jeez... i had to resist the urge to swallow. 

her eyes softened a bit. Lets go. She commanded. 
***

Where are we going? I asked.

you'll see. Was her ever patient answer. 

Strange tidings really. You never get sleepy or hungry wherever this was. One thing it was not hell. in the distance i saw a huge elephant headed man locked in combat with ... was that a freaking titan? 

Ignore them. They are sparring. Ganesha and Hyperion regularly duke it out to see who gets the last piece of pie. 

I looked away as Ganesha wrapped his trunk around hyperions neck. the battle was decided. 

Some time passed before i asked the same question again. 

You'll see. Patient as ever. She even smiled at me. 

The entire episode seemed strange to me. granted i just saw a hindu god choke slam a titan with his trunk.. somehow that did not surprise me. Video games had really done a number on me. 

A loud screeching.. autistic screeching? ... broke me out my reverie this time.

She had taken up a fighting stance. She threw me something over her shoulder. Catch! 

I did. it was oddly familiar. yet i could not place it. it looked like a gun but it felt... wrong. Suddenly the scream was heard again. Closer this time. 
A primal fear almost made me wet my pants... wait a minute... i felt alive.. no.. really.. i felt alive. 

You 'are' alive! she cried out. Now duck, you imbecile! 

The creature was something out of H.R.Gigers wet dream. it was horrifying enough to be almost comical. I took aim with my gun. Instinctively going for the centre of mass. 

No! NOT NOW! WAIT! she screamed as she dashed and parried among the multi faceted drill like tentacles. I did. Last thing i want is to die without getting a proper explanation. I know how these stories played out. the idiot mc always does something to get the op heroine in trouble. 

No. Not me. Nope. 

Watch out! she body checked me outta the way as a severed tentacle pierced her through the chest... did that thing fire it like an arrow? wtf bro nobody told me it had cheat mode on. 

I ... well... i sorta snapped. the whole world seemed to close down to a pinprick as i saw her bleeding in my arms. 

*InSigNifiCant wOrM!* the creature ... surely a subscriber of r/peoplefuckingdying ... opened his maw to laugh. The funk was ridiculous. jeez just because you are a dimension bending hyper demon thingy, you have the excuse not to brush? 

I laughed as i raised the gun. 

*wHaT iS tHaT liTTle peLleT gUn gOINg tO Do tO mE WoRm?* the voice like scratching nails on a chalkboard and drilling and blending metal screws all at once. 

It's going to destroy you. I felt angry at that moment. not stub your toe angry. not loosing some money to a vending machine angry. but really angry. i think i saw red. the gun seemed to leech my anger. MORE MORE MORE! there was a voice in my head. 

so i did. i fed it every drop of emotion i had. anger. fear. lust. sadness. happiness. 

NOW PULL THE TRIGGER! i swear i heard the gun *heavy breathing* eww.. wtf. 

The shot was really not much. it hit the creature with a soft whump. like when you shoot into mud with a slingshot. 

The creature was shook. literally it shook. i realized it was laughing.

"tHatS aLL?' it opened its maw. this time to devour me and.. her... it happened so suddenly that i did not even realize it was gone. The damn thing... imploded. 

She reached out with a bloodied hand. i panicked. no please don't... im alright. she said. smiling up at me. the tentacle had dissipated. even as i watched the wound was knitting back together, albeit slowly.

I chose right. She closed her eyes. Let me sleep a while. 
Wait ... please don't sleep... what's going to happen now? 

now my people will arrive to rescue us. surely even their thick headed selves have guessed something wrong by now. And then? i asked. 

She adjusted and made herself more comfortable. as much as possible with a slowly closing wound in her chest. 

then we officially welcome you to our resistance. my love. she held up her pinky. I saw a red string connecting hers and mine. Holy cheesecakes! 

As i waited for the other people to arrive i suddenly realized why the gun felt so wrong... it was the one... i don't know how they did it... but somehow i know this was the one... that killed Gandhi. 


