(Written on mobile, apologies for formatting)

I never really thought much of religion or the theology of our world. Many cultures have a strong basis on these things and thrive because of them. Some start strong and fall hard because of their foundations in religious ways. Theres also been many, many horrid things done for those purposes. Lots of slaughter and plague, even a little bit of filicide mixed in. Now the best part of all of this is living in a day and age well separated from the origination of any religion, and knowing that I don't have to take it so seriously. Its not affecting my life so why worry? Most would say, "Entrance to the afterlife" or "Salvation", but really it's hard to see how church attendance makes me a good person. I donate, hold doors open for people, teach children swim lessons in the summer. I do the best I can to keep my moral compass aligned so I feel my efforts to making the world better help this imbalance. There isn't really a wrong way to practice religion. Or so i thought.
KRAKOOOOOOOMMM!!!!! 
The sky above my house lights up a violent blue before snapping back to darkness. Every window in sight is now a square burned into my eyes that I cannot escape. But as more flashes illuminate the window a figure becomes clear. A small seemingly bald man holding something long. But he seems closer with each flash, moving inhumanely fast without actually moving at all...? One more bright blue flash illuminates the windows but this time hes gone. Thunder rumbles low in the distance, and the air grows tense. Another large crack of lightning overhead and a loud *Pop!* brings about an unexpected sight. The man is back but this time, hes inside the house. I start back terrified and he reaches out for me. In an instant hes on me, as if he teleported 5 feet forward. His hand is grabbing my shirt now. As my eyes roll slowly up to his face and see what appears to be a middle aged balding man with a kind smile. "Steady yourself child.", he says in a calming and unnervingly disarming voice. In a moment I've been spun round a million times and twisted in half, then returned to a comfortable standing position in a whole new place. A hall of white, not regular white but that crazy bleached white you only see from TV and movies showing a heavenly place. Now the man was standing next to me and holding the long object once more. 
"Do you know what's going on?",he asks.
"Not a fuc-" My throat closes in an instant and I choke on my own esophagus. 
"None of that boy, you're among the ancients. Now what I need you to understand as quickly as possible is that you are very lucky. I have watched many mortals like you for many years. I knew the position would open soon and needed someone to fill the space. Not having an assistant deity is insanely hard. Anyways, take this and listen up." He hands me what I realize is actually a dirty brown musket. Not unclean but an offputting color. "Alright so this is the key, and I need you to use it. You see you're about to become a god. Lowercase g but it still has its perks. 'Relative omnipotence' is what they call it but basically it's a basic super power starter kit. Telekenisis, flight, teleportation, psychic tendencies. No bending freewill or taking over people's minds but you can read and mildly influence them. Arguments will never bother you again. Now your duties will be described after you star but heres the deal. You gotta load it and shoot yourself on the spot when I say."
Before I even get the chance to respond or process everything he just said a loud crystalline ringing sweeps through the hall along with a warm wind.  Before it really hits me several dozen thrones of varying sizes appear before me, and sitting in each are humanoid creatures of varying species and levels of ridiculousness. A giant human mouse decked out in thug chains and pimp rings. An elephant man twice the size of a normal elephant holding stacks and stacks of crackers wearing a large fluffy crimson robe. A cross between a bird and a panther wearing Egyptian dressings of gold and rubies. Many more I could barely describe. Now things moved very quickly from here, the creature closest to me asked if I knew what I was here for. Upon seeing the bewilderment in my face as a large kitten with human legs and arms asked me a question, the deity pointed a finger at my head. As a white light spread across her fingertip information started to flow like emotion. Job details? A basic overview of my job as minor god. Wow, the first time a God communicates with me using their mystical powers, it's a fucking job posting. Well I guess that's the day we live in. After the words finish flowing a meeting seems to begin. Many thrones chattering amongst themselves and others blasting off questions to the man next to me, who I figured was also a deity. After all the hubbub was over the man next to me said, "Okay now. No hesitation just go." "Why?" I ask. "You have no choice, now or never, this or you forget everything and wont be a god." And for some reason... I know hes right. He hands me a single pellet and a bag of gunpowder. I pour the powder without thinking and drop the metal ball in. When I hear it clunk down a twinge of fear sets in. I turn to the man to protest and tell him it's insane I cant actually do it when he reaches out and touches my neck. From there pure euphoria spreads down my arms and the thought of moving the gun into position doesn't feel so wrong. I can hardly feel it but I know exactly what's happening. Let's hope for the best  ow that I have no choice. As my finger rests on the trigger and my hand holds the barrel to my forehead, the feeling comes back full force. Roght at that moment I know I have to pull. A loud crack and it's all gone. Black. Darkness. I see nothing and hear nothing but ringing. The ringing fades and I hear a voice calling my name. It's the man from before. "Ooopppeeenn" I hear "OooooOopeenn yooouuurrrrr" it echoes. "OPEN YOUR DAMN EYES BOY!!!" I jump as the words explode next to my ear. My eyes snap open and I'm still standing in the hall, the smell of smoke and gunpowder in my nostrils. I turn to the mystery man and hope for good things. He looks positively shocked. "What what's wrong?" He closes his eyes and sighs... "You missed."