Anger. It's always been a problem of mine. I knew from an early age when I hurt a school kid for no reason than his glasses made him look funny. 

In the military i was kicked out before graduating boot, and that was okay with me. I hated rules. My dad had left me more money than i could ever spend, and it made me even more money without me doing a damn thing. 

My first wife left after my anger lead my fists to her face, i shouldn't have done that. But I did, and oh well.  

As i started mingling with the businessmen from my dad's company, i found that my anger made me stronger and them weaker. They couldn't handle it, and they loved me for it. I was tough talking, mean, and i got shit done. 

The funny part is, since i was a kid I'd known i was a hero. Every action i took created a sensation in my head along with a number. I could see when an action saved lives, or by default took them. It made me even angrier, and somehow even stronger.  

I didn't trust prepared food unless it was made on the spot. And now it was even more important for me to watch out for dangerous food. I had won the election against that stupid woman who called my supporters mean names. And now, now i was about to make Russia, North Korea, and everyone else bow to my wishes. I was going to be more than President, i was going to rule this whole fucking planet. 

The subway subs really hit the spot for me, yet this one pissed me off. I didn't have time to go to another one and yet this one didnt have my four cheese bread. "Give me fucking italian bread then you jackass, and I'm going to make sure youre investigated for messing with my food!" 

The italian bread was dryer than normal and in my rage I'd forgotten to chew right. The men under my employ tried to save me, but all they did was lodge it further in my throat and kick up a coughing fit. the air stopped coming, and i felt the signature tingle of my gift. 

As i started to fade i felt the number enter my head. 5 billion....that had to be made up! Fake! I tried to shout, and the darkness took over. 