I paused when I saw her. 

She wore a white dress, with black hair that draped past her shoulders, and dark painted lips that curled into the most magnificent smile. 

Yet everyone that walked past, seemed to take two steps away from her. 

The girl noticed the person in front of me halt, turn around, and run back the way they came. "Very discreet. . ." she muttered to herself.

I caught the runner's eye's as they darted past and the look was that of pure horror. 

"What was that about?" I asked the girl. 

She was taken aback by my abruptness. "I'm Death, everybody knows that. That's why they're all running away." 

"Death?" I said,"Your parents actually named you that?"

"No, I'm the real thing. The Reaper, thief of time, Grim as you formally label me." She picked up a flower and let it wilt between her fingers to prove her point. 

"Oh." Was all I could manage. 

Death sighed and then continued down the walkway. 

When she was a few steps over, I gathered my wits. "Hey, wait up. I'd like to find out more about this whole death thing." 

"You aren't afraid?" 

"Nope." 

And with that, we found ourselves at the nearest Mcafe with a coffee to keep warm. 

The people one table over picked up their stuff and shuffled three tables away. I frowned as they shot dirty looks our way, well more specifically at *her*. 

"I hate people," Death said. 

I smiled. "I can't imagine why." 

"Well, it's because they treat me so *great* and all. . ." 

We both chuckled. 

I continued, "You're actually pretty sweet, not that I didn't think that at first glance. I will admit that the whole wedding dress thing was a bit of a surprise." 

"My appearance changes for each person. What you see and what that family over there does, are completely different." 

Well, that made sense, because if they saw what I did they'd probably change their mind. 

"So, I'm wearing a wedding dress, am I?"  

I chuckled. "Did I say that?"  

Death smiled and took a sip from her cup. "When I look into the mirror I see a dark cloud, it's all evil, complete and utter malice. And if I stare long enough, I see a girl, one that I don't like very much." 

I could tell she was sharing something personal, so I decided to tread carefully. 

"It's tough, especially when we have to face our shadows," I muttered. 

She nodded and stared into her coffee with an absent mind. 

"You know I didn't always like myself much, especially not in the beginning," I said, remembering the torment I used to put myself through for not being able to do better with my creations. "I've created some pretty big problems, far beyond my control." 

"How'd you get through it?" Death asked. 

"I guess you've just gotta find someone that can help you find the good in you. And take the leap when that moment comes." 

She had her hand on the table. I slid my fingers into hers and for a moment we locked eyes in a complete still silence. 

"I don't even know your name," she whispered. 

I thought I'd already told her. "I'm Life." 

----

/r/F0xdiary