Reality and Myths can go hand and hand, but never come together in a unified way. Surely there can't be a group of higher beings willing to reveal themselves to whomever builds a temple in their name. How ridiculous, what a waste of time that would be. Logically, I just don't believe this. /n

As a farmer who spends the vast majority of his time in nature I've never come across evidence of a higher power being in control. Sheep are born, sheep grow up, sheep live short lives, then die. The only times this cycle is interrupted can be easily explained and duplicated. Same with crops, same with people. Though I will admit the weather baffles me. But I'm sure it would be consistent if I were to diligently study the patterns. /n

The fields sprawled with corn, my favorite crop. It was simple to plant, simple to tend to, and not that hard to harvest. Harvest time being the clear contender for worst part of the year. Never the less, corn makes sense to me. It will be my top choice and I will teach my sons to think the same. 

I was stopped by a particular looking woman on the way to trade part of this years bounty. 

"I know you."

I, confusingly, responded. "I'm sure you don't as I do not recognize you. "

"I know you."

"Okay, I'll be going now. Have a safe trip to..wherever it is that your heading." 

"You're wrong about the gods."

This caught my attention. Being wrong was not something I'm used to.

"Sure, I suppose you're going to tell me WHY I'm wrong?" I said cautiously, but with clear curiosity. 

"No, I'm going to tell you how to prove it yourself. " A smirk came across her face showing she knew she almost had me.

"Are you describing" I paused. Am I going to ask this question? Would she even recognize the word? "...an experiment?"

"Yes, yes I am. " Full attention, she had me at my full attention. 

I quickly went back to my cart to grab my parchment. Every detail would be needed to prove this woman wrong with her "experiment". 

"You are of course familiar with the temples erected by your ancestors. They weren't created as a place to worship the gods. They were created to summon them."

"That...go on. " I realized there was a flaw as why would they have built the first temple? For fun?

"Build your own. It can be simple. You love your crops, build a temple to the god of the harvest."

"What does that entail? " I frantically wrote down everything she was telling me. If I'm going to prove her wrong, it will be detailed.

"Simply build what you think a shrine or temple would look like. The gods will know." She turned and walked away. 

"But wait, I have more questions!"

She continued walking, her job was done.

Part 2
---------

I set to work immediately upon arriving back home. Gathering what I felt was the simplest ingredients for the simplest temple I could think to make. But,what would a temple look like. I suppose it's more important to know what *italics* I *italics* think a temple would look like. I grow corn, so a temple consisting of corn seems to make the most sense.

I don't want to waste good corn on this so called temple. I'll use the inedible corn, it's already going to waste. 

A whole day passed, one better spent on harvest, but it was done. My temple. It was small, could only fit one person at a time, but a temple none the less. I placed a basket of what I imagine is the worst corn I've ever grown as what I guess would be a sacrifice.

Nothing happened. What a surprise. 

A blinding light and a deafening scream from outside the temple. The smell of rotten crop filled the air. I gagged, it was too much. Quickly I stepped outside to escape. 

There a woman stood. Cloaked in a simple, blackened robe. 

"Do you believe now? Did your quest to prove your wit come to a satisfactory end? Or is more proof required."

I slowly regained my vision and hearing, barely hearing what was said. 

I spoke in a harsh voice as it was hard to breath from the remaining stench. 

"Was it truly this temple that summoned you? How could it be that simple?" I coughed, gasping for fresh air.

"You fail to see the bigger picture. We had to find a man as prideful as yourself. It took many years to find the perfect choice. We couldn't risk you summoning my sister through our instructions. You see, we're unable to instruct you how to build your temple. Only to convince you to build one. You've done exactly as I hoped. " 

With those last words she turned to set her eyes on the field before her. Waving her hand methodically through her field of vision matching the horizon of the precious corn. The sky darkened. The harvest became shriveled, dry, dead. A farmers year of work. Gone. 

"I am free because of your foolish pride. For that I am thankful. " 

"Please, please tell me who you are. The woman I met on my travels surely didn't know who you were or what you would do!"

"Oh, Dysnomia? She didn't care to, if I was released the world would become more to her liking. She craves chaos and confusion. As for myself, your ancestors referred to me as 'Limos' ".
 
Smoke replaced her figure. The stench lingered, the rotten harvest smelled worse than what came before.

"What have I done." I stumbled over my own words, speaking them to the wind. 
