Jed looked around his home the same way he had the last three years worth of days, with not a worry on his mind. His business endeavors were successful, he married his high-school sweetheart, and thanks to his best friend Podack he never worried about a thing anymore. 

Jim, the artificial intelligence that ran Jed’s home, broke the silence of morning: “Fire! Evacuate the home immediately. Emergency....” Jed could never recall how he arrived, but he was in a bright white room. He was alone, or from what he could see he was alone, but he didn’t feel alone. 

“Jed.” Podack’s voice was familiar and comforting. He’d grown accustomed to his friend and the strange things that seemed to happen around him. 

“Po, is that you? Where are you?”

“In this space I take no form.” Jed’s face contorted into confusion. Podack laughed. 

“I’m a demon. A rather lonely demon until you discovered me trapped in that cave. I helped you for three years become whatever your desired and now it is your turn to return the debt. And oh, you have more to offer me than you will ever know.” The demon laughed again, but this time it filled Jed with a great uncomfortableness. 

“Jed, there is a God. But not one like that of the Bible. He is a sadistic and evil God pretending to be good while deceptively twisting nature against a itself. When he grew bored with the darkness and his own immortality the universe was created.” Jed was unsure what this had to do with the room he was in. 

“This room we are in is referred in the Christian literature as purgatory. But you will not be here long, you’ve been judged already and I would not be allowed in this room if you were not found wanton. Of course very few, if any, have been find worthy.”  

Jed finally found his voice, “Am I dead?”

“Yes. You died in that fire. The only rule is that we cannot kill those who are indebted to us. I had to wait for your death before I could collect. Welcome to Hell my friend!” Podack laughed again, this time a loud and piercing laugh, and as he laughed the room disappeared and Jed was standing on a green mountain. A goat stood not far away grazing, but when it looked up the eyes were gone and dark holes instead glared at him. His skin crawled from the image. In the distance he saw a lake remembering his thirst and began to run towards it, but the faster he ran the further the lake got away. He stopped, but wasn’t tired. 

“You’ll never get anything here by wanting. The more you want in hell the harder it is to achieve.” 

“This isn’t Hell. Where is the fire?” Jed knew this was a silly question the second Podack laughed. 

“Fire? That is a tale told to scare church goers into opening their pocket books. Hell is a soulless land where no one receives what they want, not even death.” 

“What is heaven then?” 

Podack shrugged, “You may have been there already. Enough of these questions. Philosophy tires me. You have a job to do.”  And this began an intense period of training where the demon began to train his apprentice to ignore his wants and live in-between want and need. What he didn’t tell Jed was that only humans could exist in this place because they know both need and want, a demon only knows want. 

Jed had no inkling of how much time had passed when Podack approached him and said it is time. 

They were standing in front of a large building. Figures and foreign letters were written all over the building and Jed felt a great sense of dread. 

“This is the temple of Satan. No one has entered since that fool left to wander the land of the living many years ago. In fact, no one has stood this close since then. But now that you can control your wants we can enter and rule Hell.”

“So, that is what you wanted me for? This is my debt to you? You give me all I wanted and I give you all you wanted?”

“What can I say, the God is a twisted God, turning nature against nature. We have both given each other something we couldn’t have ourselves.”

Inwardly Jed thought, “We certainly have, and one day I’ll give you what you deserve.” Outwardly, Jed smiled and walked into Satans palace, he was a ruler again, and this time controlled his own desires: a discipline that had kept him from great success in the land of the living.”

The End