A loud crashing sound broke the dark silence of the parking lot, followed by glass shards clinking on the asphalt concrete. A large, old, metallic chest of drawers, like the one people used to have long ago to store paper documents, smashed on the ground.

Seven floors up, as he fell through the cold, midnight air, Ian wondered if he had remembered to fully charge his High-Rise Fall Belt. Probably not the best time to have remembered that. It beeped loudly and repeatedly as he neared the ground. He felt his body flip up like a doll, balancing. A strong inertial vibration ran up his waist. He felt nauseous for a second. Then the slow, hovering descent to the ground.

“Hurry”, he thought.

He looked up. A black silhouette looked down from the opening of the broken window. Ian ripped open the buttons on his shirt, he reached in, looking for the velcro strap. Other side. He ripped it off and fell on his knee.

Ignore the pain. Run.

A bullet ricocheted off a vehicle in front of him. It was the second time in his life he had ever been shot at. The first was five minutes ago when he had stayed back late to secretly clear out his desk and suddenly saw a figure at the far, dark end of the office point a gun and fire at him, but miss. He didn’t see the face very well, but he knew why the killer was there.

Ian ran from the parking lot towards the river, towards the city lights beyond the trees. The velcro strap still wrapped loosely around his abdomen. The path on the edge of the river was lined with gloomy orange lamps. He ran towards the darkness beneath the bridge to his right. When he turned back, his stalker emerged from the bushes.

He pressed himself to the wall, hoping the shadows could envelope him for moment to flee, and he quickly slid around the corner and back up to the safe darkness beneath the trees. He ran, but this time when he turned back, there was no one.

The streets were empty. The air was icy. He felt a tenderness on his knee, and sweat beads on his forehead. He was breathing too quickly. Get home. Just get home. Run.

He had run far.

A stronger, colder breeze swept around his body and he heard a distant storm rumble. He stopped in front a filthy-looking house, it’s colour faded away from acid rain. The city lights now far behind. Holding on to a railing fence, he bent down to catch his breath. Two more blocks. Just two more blocks.

A large mechanical body in a whirlwind of lights and buzzing surprised him as he turned a corner. A red light scanned his body, but the hulking machine turned away and ignored him. Just a street sweeper.

Continuing, he decided to take the shortcut behind the bakery. Get in through the back, he thought. Fortunately, the large bin was out the back tonight. He pulled his shirt off and removed the Fall Belt, leaving only his singlet. He climbed up, on top of the bakery, to the small, rusty emergency ladder behind his apartment building. He should be quieter.

He peered in through the window. Stacy was asleep in her small bed. Her solar-powered night light glowing. He tapped gently, several times. She opened her eyes and looked at him. He smiled. After a moment, she got up and opened the window and he climbed in.

“What are you doing there, silly? You scared me.”

He gave her a big hug.

“Why are you sweating?”

“Sorry, sweetie. I don’t have time to explain. We’re leaving.”

He let her sit back in bed and grabbed her backpack and a few things from her closet.

“Dad, what is it?”

“Just pack your bag. Put your shoes on.” He disappeared down the dark hallway.

Several minutes later, Ian and Stacy were walking down the street, with their backpacks, away from the city. He looked back regularly, wondering if he heard something odd in the bushes. A car drove by. He pulled the string of his hooded jacket to hide his face more, and covered Stacy’s ears well with her beanie.

Perhaps he could’ve planned some kind of getaway before he had anonymously reported the event to authorities over the phone. The whole reporting process, he had considered too lightly.

He was an accountant. Not many these days. The digital revolution meant that most jobs were now automated, and everything was connected. Most shady businesses dealt with human workers for most things that were normally hooked up to the internet. Fully automated but online accounting software was used widely by businesses throughout the city. People well-versed in specific areas, like accounting, were hard to find.

He had been asked by his employer to do some overtime at the back-office of a warehouse that the company owned. He had heard a few strange noises later in the night and decide to explore their origin. Peering from behind some crates, he saw some of his employer’s business partners gathered around some frightened, scantily-clad women, who were promptly shot.

Away from the city now, and with houses and lights becoming scarce. Ian remembered the old, run-down hotel near the edge of the town. They would stay there, and figure out their next move in the morning. Fortunately, he still had some cash on him.

After paying for the lodging, they made their way to the designated room. Ian watched a woman with keys down the hallway with suspicion as he carried the asleep-again Stacy in his arms. The woman didn’t notice him. They went into the room, and Ian placed his daughter on the smaller bed, and went over to the window to peer through the curtains.

Silence.

After ensuring the door was locked for a second time, Ian switched off all the lights and went over to the larger, empty bed and laid down. A while later, the creaking of wood outside the door startled him, but he saw nothing, just a sliver of light under the door. He sat up quickly in half-sleeping state. He had been remembering the stories he had heard from some work colleagues, about frightening-looking “security” the company was rumoured to employ to take care of “business”—possible remnants of old time Mafia henchmen, or just stupid office stories.

Rubbing his eyes, Ian looked up and saw his daughter standing before him in the moonlight from a half-open window.

“What’s wrong, darling?”

Then and there he had realised what was wrong. And, as he leaned in to hug her, his eyes widened in fear—a dark figure with a knife emerged from the shadows behind her. The gentle moonlight falling upon gruesome features. He held his daughter tightly as she rested her chin on his shoulder and whispered in his ear.

“Daddy, there’s a mobster under my bed.”