"I don't give a damn, I've said that a million times." I stir in my seat, glaring down at the ground, elbows resting on my knees, and hands clasped together in front of me. "Socially acceptable, my ass. Back in the early 2010's, 'socially acceptable' was a term they played fast-and-loose with. I didn't trust it then, and I don't trust it now. And, besides, this is what I've always wanted. I haven't aged a day since thirty, and I'll be damned if I ever intend to let go of that." I look up at my great-grandson as he stares back, concerned. He looked almost like he had tears welling up, but he'd been taught better than that. I had taught him myself, along with my son and his son. With both of them gone, I've been left controlling the family "fortune", presiding over my humble estate with the same vigor and dedication I always had. Immortality had looked like an impossibility when I was younger, and, with it in my grasp, I was living all the lives I'd ever dreamed of. The endless bounds of creativity stirring in my skull were no longer limited by time or money. With no reason to hurry up in life, learning everything I needed was easier every day.

"Grampa," he blubbered, "Everyone thinks you've overstayed your welcome."

"Bullshit. This 'respect for the dead' nonsense is manipulative and sick. It's to keep people like me down while the richest of the rich can go about life without people even knowing they exist. They aren't looked upon with social disdain because they, and their elite friends, had never intended on dying. The moment this technology had become available, they were already using it. I'm amazed that people like me were ever allowed to become ever-lasting, but here I am, here you are, and here I will stay." I sit back in my chair, laying my arms on the armrests and simply staring down my own blood relative. "Weak. All of them. I've surpassed two generations of my own family because they thought it was socially unacceptable. Or because they never wanted immortality in the first place."

"What if people start acting on what they're saying?" He looked around the room, as if he already knew people were coming. It was a common problem, especially in over-populated families. Those with more than eight children had become the targets of a resurgent KKK-style group of public assassins, who would weed out the stupid and greedy, disallowing them from multiplying like rabbits and further ruining the general gene pool. "What if someone comes for us?"

"What if someone comes for me, you mean." Leaning forward, I nearly grabbed the collar of his shirt. Over two-thousand years of patience and restraint echoed in one moment as I peered through my great-grandson's eyes and into his very soul. "Then I'll give them the same answer I gave the anti-extension protestors back in 2026. 'It's what I want, and you can have me in a grave when I fucking TELL YOU that you can.'"

He sat back, almost instantaneously, unnerved. "Okay." That was the last thing he ever said on the subject, and he was the only person socially allowed to ask. To everyone else I knew, I appeared thirty. That was all they ever needed to know.

In the long years before, I had lost all of my best friends, my wife, two generations of my children and grand-children, and all of my ancestors before me. Every single one, I had sat at their deathbed, holding their hand and wishing them a farewell. Every single time, I would give my condolences to everyone who had known them, and my sympathy would not go un-noted. Every single time, I promised I would visit their graves and leave flowers. However, flowers got expensive. I wasn't always borderline rich. I wasn't always feeling well. Ironically, I didn't always have time. In my mind, it had been eternities. Some of the years were lonely, and my heart would be heavy for decades on end. Other years, I found solace with just myself, watching the world's technology progress and seeing the video games I grew up with become remastered and remade as showcases of our innovation. This year was unlike those years. Finally, after decades, centuries, and millennia, I had, at last, stopped mourning the dead.

My life could finally continue unhindered, as I had always intended.