Officer L. Jones #789
City of West Police Department
12-400 N. 1st Street, West CA 92287
1-303-555-7253
l.jones@wpd.gov

INTRODUCTION:

On Sunday, December 22nd 2016, I was working uniformed patrol within the boundary limits of the City of West within the County of Riverside in the state of California. 

SUSPECT:

1. Unknown male adult; undead. Last seen wearing a brown trench coat, blue jeans, ripped shirt exposing ribs and internal organs. Described by VICTIM and WITNESS as "foul smelling."

2. One index finger recovered. Submitted to lab as evidence for testing.

INJURIES:

None reported or observed.

PROPERTY:

1. $900.00USD in loose cash from till.
2. $50.00USD in loose cash from VICTIM - JONES.

EVIDENCE:

1. Digital video stored on Kingston USB
2. One unattached index finger. 

All evidence was booked at West PD.

NARRATIVE:

At approximately 2200 hours, I was dispatched to "Shakey's Pizza," located at 12-1200 West Center Drive reference a robbery and assault with a deadly weapon. I arrived on scene at approximately 2208 hours. Upon arrival, I made contact with victim, LARRY JONES, later identified from his valid California drivers license. 

The following is a summary of his statement:

JONES is a cashier at Shakeys Pizza and was on shift at the time of the robbery. He noticed the suspect (described above) had their right hand in their right jeans pocket with, what appeared to be a bulge in the shape of a pistol. When it was the suspects turn to order, he immediately brandished his gun at JONES and demanded the money in the till. After JONES gave the suspect the money, the suspect demanded JONES empty his pockets for any other loose cash otherwise he'd "FUCKING BLAST YOUR FUCKING GODAMN HEAD OPEN AND FUCK YOUR CORPSE BEFORE YOU COME BACK, MOTHER FUCKER CUNT." JONES did as the suspect asked and the suspect fled. I asked JONES if he believed the suspect was serious in the threats and JONES told me yes.

I interviewed WITNESS / CALLING PARTY, GLORIA GOMEZ, later identified from her California Drivers licence. The following is a summary of her statement:

GOMEZ ordered her pizza and pasta online and was in-store to pick up her items. She was in line behind the suspect when the suspect held JOMES at gunpoint. GOMEZ, upon realizing what was happening, laid on the ground. She clearly saw the suspect's shoes and noticed what appeared to be blood stains. 

I asked JONES if I can review the camera footage and he provided me a copy. The following is a summary of what I saw:

At approximately 2155 hours, the suspect is seen entering the establishment (description above) with an apparent bulge in their right pocket. The suspect is then seen waiting in line, in front of GOMEZ, and at approximately 21:57:45, the suspect is seen with a black hand gun drawn at JONES. At approximately 21:58:30 hours, the suspect is seen leaving the business and turns right (south bound) down Center Drive.

DISPOSITION:

At this time, suspect remains outstanding. In the event the index finger is identified and the suspect is identified, I recommend the County of Riverside District Attorneys office file the following charges:

1 count of California Penal Code Section 459 "Burglary"
1 count of California Penal Code Section 422
"Criminal Threats"
1 count of California Penal Code Section 417
"Brandish Firearm"
1 count of California Penal Code Section 487
"Grand Theft"
1 count of California Penal Code Section 488
"Petty Theft"

Supplemental report to follow pending identification of evidence. 