They say that you hold those dearest to you in your heart of hearts. That's a fact, and I can account for it. You thought reaping souls was hard? Ha! Little Grimmy got off easy, using his scythe to get the souls of those whose hearts stopped beating and sending them off to Heaven, Hell, Anubis' realm, whatever little world they believed they fit in. I've got a little secret to tell you. You're not dead until you're forgotten. By that I mean you're never truly dead until you've left the minds of those you know. Completely. By then, you fade away, slowly forgetting who you once were, or thought yourself to be. Some call it salvation, getting what you deserve, they say. Hitler's been around for a while, lamenting over the deaths he caused. Plato and Socrates are still arguing on whether Socrates should have drank the poison, and depending on the type of students in the civilizations classes, one of them wins over the other. For a while at least. Beethoven still can't hear his music, Einstein is still stuck with his theory of relativity, and MLK Jr wonders about his dream. No one seems to know more than what they always did know back then, only that they will die, sooner or later. Time worked differently, and I reaped from the Reaper.
  
I was in charge, and no one could bother the True Reaper. Death could be cheated, but memories could never be brought back. I was off to reap the next soul's Soul, and walked through the Rift, only to arrive on... Earth? This definitely was NOT the realm of the dead. Cars passing by, people moving though busy streets. It was 8 A.M, Monday morning. Everyone was busy.  
  
"MOVE!" says a man, barely glancing at a beggar on the side of the street, sitting with his legs tucked in, arms around a small pup that was slowly losing consciousness.  
  
That's when I saw the Grim Reaper.  
  
"Come to take his life?", I ask.  
Death shakes his head, but passes his scythe through the dog, packaging his soul carefully, sending him skywards to Dog Heaven, where all good boys went after they passed.  
  
Lead by my own scythe, I approach the man. His name was Tam. Tam Sandiir. He had fought in countless street battles, wars when he was called for, and even gave up his right leg to save a friend. But it wasn't enough. He wasn't remembered as a veteran, as someone who saved his country. He was now a beggar, getting money or food thrown to him without so much a second glance. His dog tag was still with him, his friends, Charlie and Mike, both long gone now. His parents passed away after a shrapnel hit a weak spot in the hideout, causing the whole place to collapse. He had no one left.  
  
He looked up, and I saw him looking at me, straight into my soul. I never had a soul, but he was desperate for anyone to notice him, his existence, anything really.  
  
"Have you come to take me?", he asks. "You've taken away the last humane thing in my life", he says, raising his pup, who's tag said Marlie, to my hands. "Am I next?"  
  
I raise my scythe in the air, and bring it down in a full circle around him. He closes his eyes, ready to be released from this suffering. Nothing happens. He opens his eyes, and even then his entire life flashes around him. These are the memories of all the people who've cared about him. Stacie's smile before the car crash, his parents sending him a letter hours before the building, Marlie's spark of hope when he picked her up from the bin she was so cruelly thrown into. Everyone he know, all gone. Everyone that cared for him, ahead of him in the journey of death. He was a step ahead though, doing what no one had ever done before.  
  
As I collected the last bits of his memory, he looked back up at me. "Why would you do this?", tears were brimming in his eyes. "Why would you show me everything I've loved and lost, why would you leave me with NOTHING". His voice went down to a whisper, "why can't I do anything right? Why does no one care anymore? Was my sacrifice not enough?"  
  
  
A wealthy businessman is 5 steps away.  
  
"Could I have done anything else to make life seem better?" There it was, the spark of hope I needed.

The businessman was 2 steps away.  
  
"Couldn't I have listened to Charlie and accepted his job offer? Am I alone again?"  
  
I turned to leave, dropping his memories in front of him, all while tripping the businessman's wallet at Tam's feet. I was willing to give Tam a new life. He deserved it, and I controlled his fate now.  
  
Tam opened the wallet, thick with cash and credit cards, and saw the name. He dropped it with shock and recoiled, as if he had been hit by a bus.  
  
"Mike! Mike it's me Tam! Do you remember me? Mike!", shouted Tam.  
  
Mike turned around, bewildered that a stranger was calling his name. The memories flowed back into Mike, filling him up with parts of Tam's soul that were missing.  
  
Tam was a good man, and he deserved to live. At least until little Grimmy reaped his soul first.  
  
"Th-," said Tam. He couldn't see me anymore, but what he said was there, and I was never going to forget the man that escaped death, just to rebuild his own world once more. 