*Awesome,* I thought to myself. *I'll be a virtual rock star here and then get back to the time machine when the wormhole opens up again at 12:30 PM tomorrow. I'll just knock the real Jesus out with these tranquilizer darts, plant a few false memories in his brain, and he'll barely even notice anything amiss when he wakes up.*

How wrong I was. It never even crossed my mind that Jesus was actually the son of God, or that he was a psychopath. 

I deliberately chose a time when Jesus had gone off to the restroom and I followed him there dressed in inconspicuous period clothing, tranquilizer gun hidden in my robes. When I got to the other side of the Mount from where Jesus had been preaching, I saw the white robed figure disappear behind a tall row of bushes. Looking around to double check no one was watching, I quickly followed him there and pointed my gun at where I expected him to be. However, I saw nothing. I remember calling out, "Jesus... are you there?" But there was still nothing, except his pile of white robes on the ground in a heap. I searched around for him in the bushes and nearby woods for at least ten minutes, but still found nothing other than the pile of robes. 

Then I heard a voice calling from beyond the bushes, "Jesus, Lord, are you there? No rush or anything, it's just that the people have finished their lunch and seem ready for another sermon."

"Oh, uhhh, just hold on a minute," I called. 

*Fuck it,* I thought to myself. *Wherever the real Jesus has got himself to, he doesn't have clothes and I'll be able to subdue him with tranquilizers if he ever shows up again.*

Putting on Jesus' white robes I emerged from behind the bushes a few minutes later holding my stomach. James the fisherman who had called to me nodded sympathetically. 

Back on the Mount, I gave the greatest speech of my life. I repeated a smattering of platitudes I'd read in the Gospels, some old stuff I remembered from Sunday school--but most of all I took things from every Indian guru and hippy I'd ever listened too. Also rock stars. It was like a TED Talk on steroids. And the people loved me for it. Within ten minutes, they were chanting my name and I leapt from the ledge of the Mount into the arms of the awaiting crowd who carried me away with them. When we reached the outskirts of the city of Jerusalem I saw another hill and climbed up it to see what looked like a crowd of tens of thousands all around me. Turning on my microphone chip I magnified my voice so that it could be heard clearly for miles around. 

I became increasingly more radical, and admittedly, got more than carried away with my new sense of power. I started out telling the people that they were "All special and loved by God" but I ended by calling for revolution against the "Oppressive Roman regime that has ruled Judaea for far too long with the iron fist of a tyrant--a tyrant *far off in Rome!*" 

Now the crowd seemed ready for anything and they had already begun looting nearby villages. Wanting to focus my new army (as I now saw it) onto a more important target I told them: "Today we march on Jerusalem and throw off the Roman yoke once and for all! Tear down the palace, and if anyone gives you trouble, then they are an enemy of the people and of God. All property is hereby held in common. Take anything you wish. It is to be used for the common good, rather than the privileged few." Pausing I continued: "I cannot multiply bread or fish, nor can I turn water into wine--but *we together* can seize those things from those who have plenty and refuse to share! God be with you all!" 

The huge disorganized mob roared and descended on the city. They immediately began looting and pillaging shops, stores and temples--beating and killing anyone who got in their way. When I at last ventured into the city surrounded by my inner circle of followers, it was complete chaos, and not a pretty sight. Shops and homes were trashed, part of the city was on fire... I saw dead bodies in the street, both men and women. The thought of *Oh God what have I done* briefly crossed my mind, but despite the bloodshed, I couldn't help feeling excited. *I had really done it. Is it possible I could start a revolution that would topple the Roman Empire itself?* How foolish I was. 

As it got dark, my followers directed me to a secret meeting place in the city where we had dinner--my Last Supper as it turned out. I confess I don't remember much about that night, but I gorged myself on all manner of stolen food, got drunk, and slept with several women who were infatuated with me because I said I was the son of God. Or maybe they were prostitutes. One of them was named Mary Magdalene. 

Maybe the only clear memory I have of that night is of my disciple Peter saying, "You've changed, Jesus... you've really changed." He had the most concerned and heartbroken expression on his face. I'll never forget that. 

Barely awake and suffering from the worst headache and hangover, I was abruptly awoken by Roman soldiers the next morning who stormed in and brutally dragged me out of bed and down to the palace in the center of the city. Still half asleep, I was repeatedly drenched in cold water and beaten. Then some robed men called Pharisees came in and shouted that I had destroyed the city and they were not responsible, calling me a heretic who falsely claimed to be the son of God as an excuse to loot and pillage. Another man came in who identified himself as Judas and denounced me as a lier and false prophet--he had been the one who revealed my location to the Romans. I then appealed to my inner circle of followers, but they all denied knowing me. 

I was then taken to the front of the palace and shown to the mob alongside another criminal named Barabbas. "Behold the man," the Roman prefect told the crowd. The crowd was asked which one of us should die. I expected them to save me, but it was as if yesterday had never happened. The people seemed to hate me now, perhaps for destroying their city, and they no longer saw me as a rock star. They chanted Barabbas' name and he was set free. 

Then a crown of thorns was placed on my head and I was given a large wooden cross and told to carry it up a large hill outside the city. I noticed that it was the same hill I had stood atop yesterday to whip the crowd up into a frenzy to pillage the city. A crowd just as huge now amassed around it, but they were here for my death. I was made to carry the cross through the jeering crowd and beaten if I fell down. 

At one point I stumbled and was pulled up by a man I recognized as the Judas who had betrayed me to the Romans... and then I also perceived that he was in fact the real Jesus whom I had stolen the clothes from yesterday. I pleaded with him to help me, saying that surely he didn't want me crucified in his place. "Don't you have to die for the sins of man?" I said. 

Jesus answered in a mocking tone: "Who the fuck do you think I am? I'm not going to die on the cross for my fucking 'father'--the 'father' who was never there for me growing up and ran off as soon as he knocked up my mother Mary." He laughed and continued, "No! I shall not die for him or the sins of you disgusting, degenerate humans. You all deserve exactly what you get. You'll die for me, you'll be the sacrifice that is required, and then 40 days from now I'll show up and pretend to be you resurrected."

I was in shock and all I could say in horror was, "Jesus Christ...." Then suddenly a Roman soldier pulled my hair from behind and dragged me back into the road again to pick up the cross. At the top of the hill they nailed me to it. I was thankful I had gotten drunk the night before because it numbed the pain, but I still screamed like a little girl. Then they pulled me up. 

Eventually some of my disciples came up to watch me and I desperately begged them to rescue me. I told them I wasn't the real Jesus and a huge mistake had been made. They all seemed rather disgusted and barely answered me. At last the pain was too much and I felt I didn't have much longer to live. It was a struggle just to breathe. In one last final effort, I screamed, "If you kill me now it won't do anything since I'm not the real son of God! I won't be dying for your sins!" 

Then a booming voice answered me, the voice of Jesus, "NO! IT IS FOR YOUR OWN SINS THAT YOU WILL DIE!"