I grinned, toothless, but my dentures were in snuggly that day.  My family surrounded me, singing, bringing me cake, laughing, happy and joyous that I had made it another year.  I sighed, yet another year, ninety-three.  Wow.  I could hardly believe it, but there I was, surrounded by my family, loved beyond belief.

I inhaled, seeing the candles.  Simple numbers, but still candles.  I blew out with all of my might, wishing for youth again.  Before anyone could stop me, I transposed the numbers, transforming them from the venerable ninety-three to the barely middle aged thirty-nine.  I smiled at my own little joke, my caretaker’s eyes dancing at my continued mischief.  He shook his pretty head, covering his mouth as he did so, hiding his grin.  At least my family picked a pretty, nice, funny caretaker this time, not like Andrew the Asshole.

I was served the cake, first, the position of honor and prestige.  I bit into it, the sweetness flooding my senses.  I loved cake, I always had, even though it brought with it more insulin and a chastisement from my handsome caretaker.  He took such good care of me; reminding me of my long gone husband.  They even shared a name, Julian, and similarly dark, handsome Latino looks.  They even wore glasses, just the same.

If this Julian was a medi-mage, they would be eerily similar, but my caretaker wasn’t.  He was an ordinary, plain Jane, humble human and I was an aging mage myself, but that was neither here nor there.

I ate my cake in good spirits, my family delighted by the little magic I had cast upon it, transforming it into whatever the eater desired.  Mine was white cake, with frosting too sweet for most except me and my great-grandchild, the two of us having the sweetest of sweet tooths.  He giggled at me, my little Mikey-monster, and I winked back at him.  The day continued like this, until late in the evening.

All my favorites were served at dinner, without regard for my insulin or blood pressure or any restrictions.  It was a feast until late into the night. I gorged myself until I felt stuffed and sleepy.  As I felt myself nodding off, I distantly heard Julian offer to take me home and put me to bed.  All in all, the day was perfect.  The candles somehow were put in a bag and tucked into my wheelchair with me.

Julian gently lifted me into the car, reminding me even more of my husband.  They even smelled the same, earthy and pure and wild.  I started crying, missing him and wishing he was here with me; somehow, this made Julian smile at me sadly, “He’s already here, Katy.  He never left you.”

I got settled in bed at home and Julian slipped off to his room.  It was nice, having a live-in caretaker.  I fell into a deep slumber, free from dreams and long, peaceful rest.

Julian woke me the next morning, and strangely, I didn’t hurt.  I could see him clearly, the spitting image of my husband.  “Julian?” I questioned, getting out of bed on my own, his eyes alight with joy and mischief.  “What happened?”

My husband answered me, “It worked.” He held up a mirror to me, my face youthful and free of wrinkles.  Tears had sprung to his eyes, “It worked,” he repeated, pulling me into a deep kiss as the mirror slipped from my fingers.
