He was the only one they ever found. Wild-eyed and half feral, it took a specialist team of psychics to keep him calm long enough to be rushed to a hospital.

The tabloids went wild over it. Miracle return of bright young trainer, they proclaimed. Eleven year-old Joey beats the odds to be reunited with his parents in Eterna, they crowed. Whereabouts of his twenty-two missing classmates still unknown, they murmured in the fine print. Their pictures revealed the details they didn't want to put into words: two worn adults flanking a gaunt, hunched figure, each hand held tightly in one of theirs as if it might disappear like a dream when the morning sun rose. 

Officers scratched their chins and shook their heads over it. They called in the experts, who sighed and shrugged their shoulders. Eterna Forest was known to be the home of several varieties of small insectoid and mammalian Pokemon, which were well used to humans and, broadly speaking, non-aggressive unless provoked. Neophyte trainers cut their teeth on them as they passed through. It was absurd to consider that there might be something lurking between the trees that was clever enough to hide for all this time and yet bloodthirsty enough to perform an act of such total brutality, but there could be no other explanation. A search party was put together. They strode boldly forth into the ancient wood, promising the citizens of Eterna that they would sleep soundly in their beds once again. When they returned, they brought with them a small pack of belligerent Scyther, who had been found with a tattered jacket that once belonged to one of the missing children. There was a due process, a sentence, and in time, the people began to move on, although they would hold their children close and tell them not to play too close to the old woods.

Deep in the Forest's heart, tucked in the shadows, the ghosts of the Old Chateau waited patiently for the fuss to die down. They had so many new friends to play with now, but their home could fit more yet.