Among the lines of hustling Warriors in dark armor, one carried an important message.

"Jarod, did you get my parcel?"

"Yep, got it an hour ago. Thanks!"

A message that will hit "reset".

"Hey Yosef! Yosef!"

It will make them bear their teeth and arms.

"YOSEF!"

It will sap their strength to stand.

"I have to tell Leader!"

"Wha-ok!" Dominic grabs his cell-radio from his belt, hits speed dial and brings it to his left ear. "Sam, this is Dominic. Messenger charging your gates at Epsilon oh-four. How copy?"

"Solid Copy, Dominic. Tell COMMS to purge the lines again, would you please? The static is terrible. Over."

"I'll get right on that. Dominic, out."

It will make their spirits flare and anger surge.

Yosef waved to the guards at the gate as he ran and they waved back. He is sweating, warm drops flowing down his back under his armor. Blood splattered on a few places, one blotch in particular over a single, thin yellow stripe on his right shoulder.

Yosef almost ran through the sliding doors into the uplink booth had they not parted a moment later. His training kicked in. Calming the mind and forcing his nerves to settle. He reached for his cell-radio again and stood in front of the terminal as the doors behind him closed and locked.

He inserted his cell-radio into the bottom slot and waited five seconds...

The screen didn't light up, but his helmet was pinged.

"Hello?"

"Tell me, how fucked are we?"

"Bad, sir."

"Report."

Yosef spent the next several minutes debriefing the Leader before he got to the end...

"...about ninety percent of the known sapient peoples learned that our bodies produce adrenaline."

"..."

"It's considered to be one of the most illicit drugs in this galaxy."

"Is that all?"

"Yes, sir."

"Code Black." The line went dead.

Yosef suddenly felt cold and whispered to himself, "Not my children. Not my children." He crumpled inside the booth, removed his helmet and gripped his head. Flashbacks of previous tragedies storming through his mind-

-the doors open.

"Hey! Get up! We have a Code Black!" Someone yelled at him before returning to the mass of Warriors streaming back into the hangar. Yosef looked at his brethren and took in their strides. Some were in full armor of varying configurations, their helmets pitch black concealing their faces. The rest were in BDU and undersuits with rage carved into their faces.

Seeing them snapped him back into reality.

"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!" Yosef screamed, running with his people as everyone went to their stations. Putting on their armor, loading tanks with ammunition and fuel, attaching guns to light vehicles and more.

***

I felt the past slowly creep up and its cold hand gripped my spine. Its bones offered no comfort, but remind me of the grave truth.

I felt my bones speak of the days when we used to shiver in caves.

I felt my blood scream at me, seeking to make dead those that threaten my chosen family.

Even as I charged through the lines, I couldn't help but see our previous war before me.

It's happening all over again.

Tracked. Hunted. Exploited. Haunted. We fought for over seven-hundred years to secure our right to live. We pulled victory from the jaws of defeat.

These fools have no idea what we've been through. They will learn of the strength of my family.

And they will fear my family.