Angela Graham was thirteen when she first saw Death himself.  It was a bombing.  A half dozen were killed instantly or near instantly, and twenty more wounded, including her.  As she lay there, bleeding amidst the wreckage, she saw him.  Tall and lank, black robes, black cloak, and a black hood obscuring his build and features.  He wore a skull mask, but in the sockets she saw the twinkling of clear, dark, human eyes.  Long white fingers, bony, but not without skin, gripped the curved wooden shaft of a scythe.  A single sweep of it parted the souls from the six dead, and he gathered up the glowing energy like so much cut grass.  He moved about his work with gentle grace.

He was beautiful.

For a brief moment, her eyes met his.  He bowed his head, and went about his work, as though nothing had happened.

Anyone else would have thought the encounter a hallucination, brought on by trauma and blood loss.  But she didn't.  She recovered, and carried that memory with her.

--------------------

A year later, the two met again.  Angie had crushed a large spider she had found in her room.  The act was willful, cold.  She didn't know if it was poisonous, but if it was, leaving it be was a risk, and trying to catch it a bigger one.  She took no chances.

From behind her, a smooth voice spoke. "You know," it said slowly, "you were supposed to die that night."  A bony arm in a black sleeve reached over her to pluck the spider's soul from the ground like a flower.

She turned around and met his eyes again.  "Why did you spare me, then?" she asked.

"You saw me," he replied.  "Most cannot.  You can see the things that other are unable or unwilling to, and that gives you power.  I thought to myself, I would let you live.  There would be no harm in it."

"You're a good person," she said, clasping his hands.  "Thank you."

He clasped back, and said, "I appreciate the sentiment, but mine is thankless work, and I must be getting back to it.  There are people in pain who need release from their broken mortal shells.  I must tend to them."

He stood, and strode to the doorway.  "Will I see you again?" she asked, as he left.  The hood tilted forward, then back again.  "In good time.  All must meet me sooner or later.  Be patient, child.  I will be waiting for you.  Do not waste my gift of life.  I do not offer second chances often."  Angie moved to follow, but when she ducked out her bedroom door, he was already gone.

--------

Angie stood in her back yard, in a pathway of pebbles.  She picked them up, one at a time, running her fingers over them and tossing them experimentally upwards.  Finally, she found a smooth, elliptical one that satisfied her.

Her eyes darted around, scanning the trees, settling on a squirrel at the base of one.  The two stared at each other, neither daring to move.  Then Angie flicked the pebble at it.  It hit its mark, stunning the small creature.  She ran over it, not taking time to rise fully and instead clambering forward with her arms for support.  She reached the squirrel just as it stirred, grabbed it by the body, and twisted its head a full 180 degrees.  And she kept twisting.

He rested a thin, pale hand on hers, and she stopped, looking abruptly into his eyes again.  He did not look back.  His eyes instead focused on the cooling corpse she held.  "Such small things," he said, "tend to mind their own business.  It is a pity to cut a short life shorter.  I'd ask why, but I know."

"I wanted to see you again," she said, ignoring his speech.  "I'd give anything."

"Then why not your own life, instead of this one," he said, and his words were harsh and cold as ice.

Angie flinched, and she looked away, before whispering, "You told me not to waste my life."

"All lives are precious," he began, "and I ought to know.  After all, I am the one who must see every life end.  Do not continue this method of summoning me.  If nothing else, for my sake.  I so hate my work."

Then he took the squirrel's soul, and was gone.  Angie looked down at the dead rodent, tore its head off, and left it to rot.

-------

Angie was 16 when she killed again.  This time it was a human.  She didn't know who it was, didn't care.  All she knew was that she loved death, and wanted desperately to see him again.

This time, however, he was not gentle with her.  He pushed her aside with his hand, and hard.  Then he tended to the one she had killed.

"He was a painter," he said, "not the best, but he had passion, and some skill.  He was working on a new one, as a present for his younger sister, but he ran out of paint.  So, he ran out to get more.  But you got to him first.  Now that painting will remain unfinished, and his sister will be alone."  He reached for the young man's hand, and hauled a spectre to its feet.  "Come along," he said to the ghostly outline, "I ought to let you see her one last time, even if she cannot see you."  And the two walked away, hand in hand, past Angie, ignoring her.

-----------------

Angie peered around from behind the wall, watching the still body as though it would come to life.  She was waiting for him again, to confront him.  He had ignored her for the past several kills.

He came, as he always did, and set to claiming the soul.  "I know you're there," he said, as he looked over the latest victim, "I'd recognize your cruel knifework anywhere.  Come out.  I must speak to you."

She stepped out into the light, wearing a flowing black dress and long, white gloves, both unusually clean for the amount of blood she had spilled.  "I've missed you," she said, "and our talks."

"I said I wanted to speak to you, not with you.  Be silent," he shot back, never looking up.  She pouted even though she knew he wasn't watching.  "I told you not to waste your life.  Now you have thrown it away, become a criminal.  Murderer.  You could see past the veil.  With that power, you could have done much good.  Helped people gain closure.  Warned people of danger.  Instead you chose this life."

"You spared me," she began.  "No, you saved me!  I should have died.  I love you."

"I did no such thing," he spat, "In the confusion I must have overlooked you.  It was a mistake.  In more ways than one now, I see."

"But you looked at me, looked into my eyes," she protested, "You nodded to me."

"Blood loss and trauma make people see things that were not.  Now, if you have any respect, or love for me, you will stop this madness.  Now, I take my leave."

He vanished, taking the soul he had come to claim with him.

-----------------------

Angie, burned and bleeding, lay there, much as she had when she first met him.  She had always known she would slip up one day, and today had been it.  Murder, then arson to cover her tracks.  That had been the plan.  But someone had escaped the building, and called the police and fire departments.  She, meanwhile, had gotten delayed, and by the time she extricated herself from the rubble, they were waiting.  She was already burned and bruised.  The smart thing to do would have been to go quietly.  But she didn't.  Maybe, she had thought, if I die here, we can finally be together.

So she charged at them, knife raised, and they opened fire.

Now she could only watch as the ambulance dragged away the one who had called for help, and Death was not coming for him.  Not yet, at least.

Then, a black spot emerged from the flames and illuminated smoke, and he strode from the building, carrying a bundle of souls, and supporting a young woman who had slung an arm over his thin shoulder.  He let her fall on the grass, and the EMTs came for her.

Meanwhile, he came for Angie.  "Is it my time?" she gasped.

"No," he said.  "I am taking no more souls tonight.  She," he pointed at the girl the medics were tending to, "will live.  The man who called for help will live.  The firefighters will live.  Anyone who was not already dead or too mangled to save when I entered the building will live.  And you will live."

"Please," she choked out, "take me.  Take me with you."

"I will not.  I told you once before, I do not give second chances often.  You will live.  The courts will convict you.  You will be sentenced to life in prison.  Which, for you, will be a very, very long time.  You will not be able to kill again.  You will not see me again.  I will not come for you, now or ever.  When old age takes you, you will be left as a soul trapped in a dead, lifeless shell.  And you will never know peace."

She screamed, and drew her spare knife before plunging it through her own heart.  She let out a gurgling breath as blood that should have circulated through her lungs began to fill them.

"You will recover," he said.  "You are only making this harder on yourself.  You know, with your eyes, you could have helped many, instead of harmed them.  Saved them, instead of killed them.  You could have passed my gift of life on.  But you didn't.  And I." he paused, and inched closer.  "Hate." Closer still.  "You." he whispered into her ear.  And then he was gone.  She never saw him again.

------------------

EDIT:  Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!  Never been gilded before, let alone on one of my stories.  This made my evening.