"Bro, do you think it could happen? Drink that much?" Said my friend. 
I swiveled my head in his direction, struggling to maintain my indifferent eye contact. 
Unlike many of my associates - well, the ones who cared about getting a 'perk' - I had not found mine. Friends had trained day in and day out to get perks, some people even getting multiple. Traditional sports were now nearly obsolete, and even doctors struggled because of the few who had done *that* many operations. War was now insanity. But that's a side point. 
My friend here, Geoff, had managed to earn the perk of being able to finish any task 5 minutes before the deadline. Even if he started at minute 6, he ended at minute 5. He had gotten that thanks to spending 10,000 hours actively procrastinating. Punk. 
There were a bunch of people who didn't care about perks, namely older ones who no longer had the time or ability to do anything about it. There were people opposing if, saying it took away part of being human. 

I just didn't have the luck to hold on, so I just drank. Started when I was an older teen, soon spiraling into a beer a day for the past 4 years. I had run the numbers. Roughly 34 ounces in a litre, 16 ounces in a bottle, that's about 2,900 litres a year. But nothing happened. 

I took another swig and finished my bottle. It was about time I headed home. 
I felt warm. Not drunken fuzzy warm, like actually overheating. Things looked luminous. I turned to Geoff, who went from a look of shock to one of satisfaction and pride. "You found your perk, man." He said with a raised bottle. What're the odds. 

I went on a bender to celebrate, but it wasn't a bender. 
Turns out my constant chugging had granted me several perks. 
1 - Immunity to toxins. I could never get drunk, high, or even poisoned now. Figures, I always had a high tolerance anyway. 
2 - High metabolic rate to burn off my IPAs. Never wanted a beer gut, so I stayed moderately in shape. 
3 - I honestly forgot what this one was. 

Anyways, I woke up the next morning surprisingly same as always. At work, nothing really changed. For the next few weeks, nothing happened. This perk was fun, but not useful or nearly as life changing as I had thought it would be. I soon applied at a cosmetics plant to be a tester for things since I couldn't get poisoned. Turned out it wasn't helpful because you can't see the potential side effects of a toxin if the subject doesn't respond to the toxin. 

Life went on disappointingly. Geoff was there, which made things more fun. 
Maybe I could try eating 10,000 strips of bacon. 
I don't know, maybe I might actually try for a useful perk. 

One thing I will say is that I'm glad I got this perk before my girlfriend tried to cyanide my food because she had met a guy with a more "fun" perk. Oh well. Time for a beer. 