I stand two steps away from the entrance walk into hell, terrified at what it will be like; what the devil will be like. I could hear eerie music emanating from inside that door. Those last two steps seem to take me forever, but I finally take them, with my eyes clenched shut. I open my eyes, petrified. And stand still. 

'Hell' is nothing like what I'd imagined. No fiery fires, no lava spewing from the floor, no torture chambers. It looked just like any other room. A room with a stepstool in the center. The only thing that confirmed it had to be hell was the being on the stool. He was red all over, with a pointy tail, two horns and a pitchfork in his hand. Through my ever so slightly receding fear, I couldn't help but chuckle lightly as the thought came to me that he looked like Hot Stuff. Except my chuckle wasn't light at all - it had come out like a guffaw. And he had heard it.

He lifted his head to look in my direction, and for the very first time, i looked straight into the devil's yellow eyes. As a reflex, I immediately lowered my eyes - and noticed that he had a harmonica to his lips - that was where the eerie music had been coming from, my racing mind told me. He stopped playing and cocked his head to look at me. 

"Care to try?" he asked, holding the harmonica out to me. I was utterly bewildered, wondering if this was a trick question. After all, i was in hell. 

"I.. I.. I don't know to play it.," I stuttered.

"Oh that's okay, neither did the others before you."

I freak out now, taking this to mean the 'others' are being tortured elsewhere. "Um.. where ARE the others?", I venture.

"They're all in heaven. Haven't you heard? If you can't play the harmonica like me, you get to skip this joint."

"Oh..! But.. surely there have been people who could play.. what happens to them?"

The devil chuckles. "Surely you remember this is hell? We get liars here. Once I tell them the clause, the answer always changes to save themselves."

"But.. I don't understand, why are you here? Why don't you go to heaven too?"

"That would simply make heaven into hell, wouldn't it?" he snickers and goes back to playing his harmonica, gesturing me to the exit.

