"Brother..." Ding Zhao intoned, his voice low and seething with boiling rage. "How could you?"

Several paces away, Ding Zhi stood with an ashen face as he tried his best to calm his twin brother. "Please calm down Ding Zhao. Just listen to me for a mo-"

"How could you intrude upon the bed of my beloved *Jia,* soiling her sanctity with your... Ugh!" Ding Zhao clenched his quivering fist and brought it to his heart. "I can not say anymore. I... I have been dishonored. My beautiful Jia, her innocence robbed by my own brother." 

Ding Zhao hung his head in shame as a single, lonesome teardrop slipped from his cheek and into the garden of blooming lotus flowers. 

Ding Zhi who heard his brother cry for the first time, also felt a wave of sadness wash over him, filling him with remorse. "My brother, Ding Zhao... Please forgive me! It was dark, and-"

"Liar! You are blind brother. We both are, and we have been this way since we were born together. So don't even try to use that excuse to bed my beloved Jia." 

"No brother, listen to me. I'm not fini-" 

"You scoundrel. You scum," Ding Zhao spat at his brother. 

"I'm sorry brother, but my wits were lost in my drunken stupor... I didn't know it was your... Jia. Believe me brother, it was never my intention to take your Jia's..." 

Ding Zhao eyes narrowed, "You. Son. Of. A. bitch." 

"Brother, we come from the same mother..." Ding Zhi sighed.

"No, I reject that! How could our gracious mother spawn a vile, rotten swindler like you!" Ding Zhao roared in his merciless fit of anger. 

Ding Zhi gasped. He had never heard his calm, composed and spiritually in-tuned brother become so enraged, so irrational. He had always looked up to Ding Zhao who had been his superior in all facets of life. Now he stood quietly, watching his brother who was the epitome of perfection break down into nothing more than a bitter child who had his serving of sweet potato swiped from between his fingers. 

"...You dog! No, you're no better than the feces that comes from dogs! Good thing I always made sure to inscribe loser on the back of your clothes," Ding Zhao said. 

Ding Zhi's eyes lit up. "So that was why everyone always laughed behind my back... Because of you brother. Well, I'll have you know brother... Jia was very forthcoming towards my intrusion into her sanctity. She was very vocal in fact, and in hindsight, I believe she very much enjoyed our-"

"No! No more brother!" Ding Zhao screamed as if in agonizing pain, his voice raw and guttural. "Not another word."

"So soft brother, it was like I was drifting on clouds over the great mountains of the Yawning Valley."

Ding Zhao grit his teeth and unsheathed his double-edge blade forged by a master smith who had folded the steel over twelve thousand times. "Unforgivable. Ding Zhi, my only brother... Tonight only one of us is leaving this garden." Ding Zhao raised the blade into the night sky, pointing it towards the north and catching the moonlight on its edge. 

Ding Zhi however, was not in the direction of the North but such things such as north or south meant little to blind men. 

"If this is the way things must be... then so be it."

Ding Zhi drew his own blade, a double-edge sword like his brother's, and crafted by the same legendary smith himself. The swords were after all, a pair to begin with. He raised his sword to the East, catching a reflection of the moonlight from a pond. Ding Zhao, however, was not at the other end of Ding Zhi's sword. But such things did not matter to master swordsmen. 

A gentle breeze passed between the two silent brothers who stood facing different directions. One to the North, and one to the East. They waited for the other to make the first move. All it would take was a single step, and the brothers would descend into an elegant dance of blades. It would be a duel that would go down in history. A legend of two blind swordsmen who fought under the moonlight and it would be told to children, and to their children and so on. Both the brothers knew this, and so they began their legendary duel. 

"YAAAHH!"

"HYIAAA!"

Not too far away, an audience of villagers had gathered to watch the spectacle unfold between the two blind swordsmen. 

"Oh, this is good." 

"Should we stop them?" an elderly man suggested. 

A chorus of snorts followed. The villagers were entranced. 

"No Papa! I want to see more!" a little girl squealed excitedly.

"Hey Jia, isn't that your man fighting over there?" 

Jia shook her head vehemently. "N-no way. I don't know those idiots..." 

Some say that Ding Zhi won the duel, that Ding Zhao had slipped onto his own sword in his rage. Others say that Ding Zhao won, that Ding Zhi had drowned himself in the pond. But I say that the two blind swordsmans are still fighting to this day. 

-------
-------

/r/em_pathy










