You ever have an out of body experience? Bleary eyes drawing to a close, shuttering the curtains to the world, a spinning sense of vertigo as the world dissolves around you. Dying is a lot like that.

They wake up, viewing the misty world with bewilderment, like a babe witnessing the world anew. Few may not even realize they have passed. Some try to sleep again, hoping in vain they will wake up from an unusually lucid dream. Still more call out into the deafening silence, praying in vain for a reply. They don't know what lurks beyond the veil of darkness. That's where I come in.

Like a shepherd to all the little lost lambs- I come to them in their hour of need. I have many names- mother, father, aunt or uncle, grandma, grandfather- but all who see me distantly recognize me as a friend. It would not do to frighten my charges, after all. So when I saw him cowering beneath a table, poised above his crumpled form, I knew this one would require a gentle touch.

*"Stay back!" Don't get any closer!* His head whipped to and fro like a wounded animal. He flinched each time a bang exploded in the room.

I approached the pool of light emanating from the window to his world. "Be calm, my child. All is well."

His trembling ceased, and he chanced a look in my direction. 

"...Dad?"

"I am your mother and your father, great grand parents from bygone generations. I am no one, and everyone."

"I... what do you mean? We have to get out of here!" He looked down at his bloodstained hands. "Might need...some help..."

Gently, I lay my hand on his head. His soul molds easy, willingly. I invite him out of his world and into the next.

"Oh..." He stares, shell shocked at his lifeless body. "I'm dead. Aren't I."

"Indeed."

"I thought it would be more... I don't know- transcendent? Scary? Life flashing before my eyes? That was actually kinda nice."

"Death is a gentle thing, if you welcome it- like a soft breeze or a bashful kiss."

"If it's so peaceful-" He gestured to my scythe. "Then what's that for?"

I sighed wearily, gazing into the darkness beyond him. An eternity's worth of lost sheep, cursed to wander without purpose in a realm neither here or beyond.

"It is for those who resist. Pray to whoever is listening that we do not meet them."