"sorry", it said. Simply "sorry". Not "I'm sorry" or "forgive me", but just"sorry". It was a fragment of a sentence, one in English, and I didn't think to wonder if it was the whole of the message.


I feared, when I saw it. Rather, I feared when I smelled blood, and my face happened to land in the message first. Not the bits of corpses, not the rust on the lab's walls (at least, it looked like rust...), but rather the simple message.

"sorry"


So I ran. I took the first left, into the stockroom, and grabbed a 3-hole punch. Not much, but at least it was a length of metal in my hand. I ran further, down the corridor to decontamination. 
It was open, and so was the other. The doors were built never to open on both sides, for security purposes. Who knew what diseases I might bring from the past, or future, that would kill us. It was the War of the Worlds broadcast that made Dr. Kepler demand that airlock.

I ran past, into the briefing room. I saw another message there. "I am." I was terrified, and a little sad. It was sorry, according to its messages. I could reason with it, if I had to.

I ran, to the outer doors. The sky was blue, so blue. I'd never seen a night sky so blue, with so many stars. I stopped to catch my breath.
Interesting, that. I'd been able to run a few miles before I'd gone in- physical fitness was a key part of my training. I ignored the blinking light at the back of my mind and ran on.

The town, about four miles away, was a longer jog than I expected. Partly because there was an inexplicable lack of vehicles in the motor pool or parking lot, but also because I swear there weren't so many damned hills.

The light blinked brighter in my mind, and I kept ignoring it. Until, that is, I crested the last hill before town.

Spread before me, in words a few corpses high, were written words.

"I am. I live. Be sorry. Don't forgive."

I began hyperventilating as the first corpse rose, changing the sentence to "am."

I realized, then. Sorry was not an entreaty, but a suggestion. "I am."... it was a warning. The grammar might have been a clue... clearly, this thing learned as it killed. And it has killed a lot of us.

I write this now, afraid and alone. I'm not sure what brought this thing into our world- if my travel across the fourth dimension disturbed it, or if I simply passed its metaphorical alarm clock. It doesn't matter. If you're alive to read this...

Kill me. Kill me as a child, to spare myself or even the world this horror. Or, if that is impossible... kill yourself. It is, and it hates, and we can never be sorry enough.