     I sat in HQ, concentrating on establishing a connection to the human realm. A small glowy aura emitted around me, signifying that I was in Communication Central. 
     From the very back of my mind, I heard a small voice asking for help. When I arrived, I saw a 5 year old girl, standing blankly. She stared in anticipation at the stairs. Something was very clearly wrong. However, seeing as this wasn't my jurisdiction, and she was underage... I had no choice but to leave.
      As I turned to go, I saw a large, plump man barrel down the stairs. The girl fled and dove under the couch. I simply blended into the shadows. I watched as he swayed on his feet, nearly falling a few times. I quickly formuated a plan. 
     As he searched for his daughter, I hid, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. He was about to look under the couch where his daughter was, but something caught his eye.
     In the mirror, he saw the same red headed girl he recognized to be his daughter.  
     I had my back to him, but I could feel his stare.  He stumbled over to me, his rotten breath hot against my ear. It was now or never. I quickly stood up, not making a sound. He grabbed my morphed form's hair. When he spun me to face him, I simply did what I do best.
     My eyes were empty. My nose had been replaced by hairy pincers like that of a spider. My mouth was stitched together by bloody snakes. My ears replaced by horns of a ram. His blood curdling scream fueled me, and a hollow, booming voice came from around me.
"DO NOT TOUCH ME AGAIN, OR I WILL HAVE YOUR LIFE. THIS IS WARNING 1." 
     By now he was on the floor. He was crying and begging for my forgiveness. The little girl crawled from under the couch and smiled at me. 
The man however... not only was he scared out of his wits, he was also out of dignity. My job was done. 
     Although i did the right thing, Satan's probably gonna be pissed that i worked outside my jurisdiction. 

(This isnt my best work, and im kinda disappointed in it but whatsver)