The Star Union was in quite of a pickle. They were on the brink of destruction. While "quite in a pickle" seemed to be an understatement, that is exactly how it was called by the strange "Terran" race no one would or could care about. But it turns out, they really fucking should have.

Especially the Magnars who were colonizing the universe in a God's speed. Their tactics and overall superfleet of ships caught everyone off-guard. A military race that started colonizing the Milky way and now held half of it under their control. Everyone else had fled to the other side, formed the "Star Union" and now stood in fierce resistance, fighting battles all over the galaxy. The final showdown. 

Now, a single planet had shown more resistance than it had any right to. Low tech, no telepathy, no energy fields, no nothing. It was such an unexpected battle that Magnars had been humiliated absolutely. So, not to suffer more humiliation, Magnars decided to blow up the home planet and just be done with it. Now, that was that. Nobody in the "Star Union" had the time to say "They blew up what and why should I care?" But there was a tad problem. You see, Terrans had the bad habit of being everywhere. I can't say that they colonized everything or mined planets, they just... They just had the habit of going to an inhabitable and awful planet, settling down there and then... Nothing. Just being there. Even we did not know that, because they were so little advanced we picked up no signals. But, suddenly, every god damn inhabitable planet of the sector lit up. Like a horde of the angriest fireflies. Each with their ship. And each... And here you must excuse me, but each? Absolutely fucking bonkers. 

The screen flickered and everyone in the "Star Union" command room waited in anticipation. A human ship from a far far moon, deep in the Magnar territory,  had come in contact, which was an awfully rare event. Because humans usually did not have such long-range transmitters and... Well, usually didn't give a damn.

And then he appeared. A man in a ship's cockpit. Wearing a coat. With a straw hat and a jug of "holy-spirits" written on it. It was him, the feared Bubba Bil.

"Greetings, legendary general! We are honored!" said the aliens of all races in unison.

"Ya'll a foken colorful bunch is what you are, I tell you what. Now listen here, ya wee lads. I hit 'em and hit 'em hard." the man said and took a sip from his jug. "Poor foken bastards. I mean, I opened the ship right wide. There were aliens floatin' in space and like, I don't know, stuff."

"That means..." Joy. Joy all around. If the crazy man has actually destroyed the mothership of that sector, it means the trade route was open. The main artery to the sector. In a few minutes, it will be filled with Star Union's ships and the most unexpected strike to Magnar can be made. The extasy, the absolute insanity. All the generals cheered when they threw out their old plans of long, long skirmishes and can now concentrate on a strike.

"You understand what you've done?" the aliens asked while gasping.

"Barely. I mean..." The man burped and pointed at something outside the screen: "I mean those lads are proper fucked. I mean, you could save that one, he's hanging to the ship, but the rest of the bunch are just flying wherever. Them folks lookin' all kinds of disappointed, let me tell you that."

Now ships were already starting to set coordinates to the sector. It would only be fair if they got a big cargo to the victor. "Alright, Bubba Bil, tell us, why did you start this suicide mission? What were you in desperate need of? Weapons? Medicine? It's medicine?"

"Ol' Sky-pappys medicine for sure!" The man in the hat laughed and pointed at his jug. "Needed me Moonshine, men."

Everyone nodded. It was clear. For religios reasons. For The "Moon Shine", for his honor, for the honor of Earth.

"And it's not like I started anything... You see, I was just driving here not really paying attention and I guess the chap was also drunk and so uhh... These are what we call "The Alabama Crossroads" where everyone is drunk, everyone has the right of way and by God, you just pray that the other man has a family. Those folks tend to be more careful, then ya both can survive."

The first ships arrived in the sector and saw the huge Magnar mothership disabled and floating. They created defensive positions and opened the Big Gates that allowed the motherships to pass through.

"Alright," said the Terran. "I don't know who ya'll are and how I got the pleasure to talk to you folks, but I kind of have to leave. I mean, talk to you soon and all, but it's getting too crowded for me here. A right bunch has appeared and they seem to ken what happened. And I don't need one of those cunts to call the damn dogs on me. Alright, I mean, see ya'll later, folks, don't be strangers."

That being said, the man hung a black drape over his screen, sat down in the pilot's seat and zoomed out in a direction that seemed to have no planets there at all. He did not cover his own camera, so the aliens had the pleasure to watch how he pilots the ship, sings songs he doesn't even know and spits in a space-bucket. Only after 2 hours, the feed was cut by him spilling some of his jug contents on the control panel. And thus he fled from the spot to the next scene of his crime.

See you soon, Bubba Bil! See you soon!

[Literary Nobody](https://www.reddit.com/r/LiteraryNobody/)