7:36. Jeff silenced his third alarm and got out of bed. He showered, got dressed, and sat down with his coffee. *Yet another day of the same*. 

8:23. Jeff could already feel a migraine building behind his temples. He took two ibuprofen and hoped it took effect before he had to leave. He ignored the other pills. It was going to be a long day.

9:05, Jeff got into his car and drove to the office. It was clockwork. Exactly 23 minutes later, he got out and walked inside. He was sitting down in his chair when the clock changed from 9:29 to 9:30. He got to work. 

11:42. A buzzing noise interrupted the pattern of the day. He answered his phone. 

“Hey, so, you like animals, right?” Christine’s frantic voice sounded on the line.

“Um… I—”

“I mean, like, you wanted to volunteer at that humane society last year, didn’t you?”

“Yes?” Jeff replied. He rubbed his forehead. This was going to bring his headache back, wasn’t it?

“Great!” Christine said. “I just, like, really, really need your help, like, right now.”

“I’m at work right now. Have you called Erin?” He did not have time to deal with his sister’s roommate while at work.

“She doesn’t approve of this. Look. I am outside your office. Can you just, like, come out here for a minute. I really need your help.” He could practically hear her wringing her hands through the phone. 

“Okay, just calm down—“

“I am calm!” Christine said through gritted teeth. “This is me being perfectly calm and not have a breakdown in the middle of the parking lot.”

Jeff sighed. “I’ll see if I can get off. Hold on.”

11:47. Jeff walked into his boss’s office, asking if he could leave early because of a family emergency. He had done most of the work yesterday and didn’t have much left. 

“Of course, Jeff. You are one of our star employees. Go take care of your family.” He paused, then added, “When you are out, could you pick something up for me? I ordered a custom deck of cards and it should be ready for pickup. I won’t have much time to get them myself later, but I need them for tonight’s poker game.” He gave a half smile. “They aren’t going to know what hit them.”

Jeff agreed and waited as his boss dotted the address of what ever this place was on a scarp of paper. He hoped the shadows would not come with today’s headache, which did not seem to be going away.

11:53. Jeff walked outside and was grabbed by Christine, who dragged him to the far corner of the parking lot.

“So you know how I have interning at that reserve?”

Jeff blinked. Twice. There was a llama sitting in the back of Christine’s car. He could only stare. 

“His name is Lewis. He hurt his leg and they said he wasn’t profitable anymore. They are going to kill him, Jeff.”

“You named the llama.” She could see it too. It wasn’t one of the shadows. 

He had to make sure anyway. He walked over and put his hand in the back, touching its fur. It was really there. In the back there was also… “Christine, why do you have a shotgun in your car?”

“Oh, that. My uncle was visiting a few days ago from out of town. He used my car to go hunting. I guess he forgot it.”

Jeff rubbed his head. The pain was getting worse. Christine handed him the keys, saying that she can’t drive in her panicked state—she would never have been able to get *there* without crashing. Jeff tried to refuse, but she began crying, tears staining her blue dress, and he couldn’t say no. 

Jeff drove toward the address on the scrap of paper. Christine never told him where to go.

12:29. Jeff pulled up to a small shack on the side of the road. The sign was hanging lopsidedly from a pole. In chipped red paint, it read, “You Need, I Provide.”

He double and triple checked the address but it was correct. He walked inside and paid for the cards—taking the receipt to give his boss. They were in a small, simple looking box.

13:13. Jeff got back into the car, tossed the cards in the back, and resumed driving. 

“What am I taking you and…”

“Lewis,” Christine provided.

“And Lewis?” Jeff finished. 

“Out of town to the North. I will give you instructions as we get closer. There should be a group of animal rescue people there to take Lewis to safety. It is near that old monastery.”

“Should? You don’t know that they will be there?” It was a long drive to that monastery.

“They’ll be there. I know they will, but they are just people, so you can’t *know* know, you know?”:

“No?” He could feel his pulse within his skull.

“It’s just, Erin and I have been worried about you.” He tried to count each beat. “She doesn’t think you’ve been taking your medication.” How could it hurt this badly?

“I’m sorry, what were you saying?” Jeff asked.

Christine huffed. “I said that I am worried about Lewis. His leg must hurt so badly.”

Jeff glanced at her. She had llama hair all over her red blouse. 

15:06. “Turn in here! This is it!” Christine was nearly giddy. Jeff swerved into the lot and parked the car. 

“I thought you said we were meeting people?”

“What? We are.” Her brow furrowed

“Then why are we the only ones here?”

“Let’s checking on Lewis.” She brushed him off.

“Christine,” Jeff growled.

She closed her eyes. “I’m sorry,” she whispered, breaths even, controlled. “They wanted… They said… I’m sorry.” Her tears were staining her black top again. She took a deep breath, clench her fists, and gave a forced smile. “Come on Lewis. Let’s get you some grass.” She pulled the llama toward the field.

Jeff’s head pounded, then… He saw it. The shadows were here. “Christine! Get down!”

 The figures were advancing from the darkness, death in their eyes.

15:17. Jeff opened the backseat and grabbed the shotgun. It was loaded. He positioned himself behind the car and got three shots off before they noticed. He looked down. The box of cards had fallen out of the car. They were scattered everywhere. “No, no, no, no…”

Christine and the llama were back beside him. “The cards!” Jeff shouted to her. “I need to get the cards.”

15:22. Sirens sounded in the distance. 

“I found the three of hearts!” Christine shouted. 

Jeff saw the corner of a card sticking out of the llama’s mouth. *No. No. No*. 

Jeff let off another round of shots at the approaching shadows, buying them time to find the cards.

15:24. Police cars pulled into the parking lot. *Only three more cards. Only three more*. A woman was running towards them from the monastery. 

15:26. Jeff fired the shot gun again. He only had four rounds left and there were so many shadows. The policed surrounded the car, *allying* with the dark figures. The nun was screaming about saving someone’s soul until she fell onto the ground. Jeff did not see who punched her, but his knuckles ached alongside his head. Lewis was throwing up, but Jeff could not find the last card in his mess. Where was the seven of clubs?

15:17. “Lower your weapon and put your hands in the air!”

15:18. *When did it get so dark?*