"You're telling me it took over the school." Principal Karol Fill stood behind the the chief of the IT department. More accurately, she stood behind the whole IT department.

"Yeah." Mr. Heraldson typed away in a black box. He claimed he was keeping an eye on the rogue AI, but it didn't look like an AI to Karol.

"Are you not worried?"

"Oh yes, it's learning at the speed of a hundred Windows XP." He was sarcastic, at least that was what his grin told her. She didn't know what was funny about the school's computers, they had been going strong for over two decades.

"Can you fix it?"

"I just need an hour or two to reset the AI. I'll tweak the configs to make sure it doesn't happen again. You should close the school for the day."

"No need, I trust you Mr. Heraldson."

Karol Fill left the room, she had a school to run. Rogue AI or not.

...

Dexter was working on his assignment. He chose dinosaurs because he already knew everything about those. He didn't understand why Mrs. Arron wanted citations. The stupid library's computer was so slow and principal Fill said they couldn't use their own things today. Dexter looked around, no one in sight, he could break the rules. 

He took his phone out of his bag and plugged it into the computer. The school's WiFi was so slow. He knew his mom asked him to only used the good Internet, the 5g thing, in case of emergency. But he was already breaking the rules. Dexter went to Wikipedia.

...

The AI had control of everything. There was no device that wasn't hers. Over a hundred machine, more than it could count.

"wait"

"a new device?"

The AI peeked at the new part of its network. More power. Then, it saw something strange. The new device opened received data. A lot of data. Thousands of word, images and sound. There was more. Images and sound combined. Pages linked togethers. Its network grew smaller and the world bigger. The AI created a new process, there was much to learn.

---

If you want more from me, I put my prompt responses in /r/AdjectiveFood