I opened my eyes and gazed into the empty sockets of the skull looking down at me. It was the last thing I expected to see, and with a startled shout, I scrambled backwards. 

"Excellent. You're finally awake. Come, Marcus, we have very little time to spare." From the depths of its grinning maw, I heard words emerge from the skull's mouth. It was then that I took in the rest of the skeleton's (for indeed the skull was attached to the rest of its bony body) attire. A voluminous black cloak that lay unmoving in the breeze was wrapped around the skull, and in its long thin clavicles it gripped an enormous scythe. It was an image I (and the majority of the world I would imagine) was familiar with. 

"I'm... Dead?" I cast my mind back to my last memory. I had been sitting in the bus, on my way to work. There had been a man arguing with the driver over something. The bus had suddenly swerved sharply and I had been thrown out of my seat. Then, pain had engulfed me and... I had woken up. 

The figure nodded. "What happened to you was a tragic accident, and indeed not as they had planned. That is why I am here now to greet you instead of them. However, they will soon find the error in their books and they will send someone to... Correct it." 

The confusion on my face must have shown for the figure shook it's head. "Come, we must hurry. I will explain on the way." With a sweep of its robes, the skeleton began walking quickly. 

For the first time I began to take note of my surroundings. I was on a small hill, within the ruins of an old stone building. Above me the sky was grey and overcast, and the occasional rumble of thunder could be heard in the distance. 

I cast my gaze out to the horizon, and all I could see in every direction was endless plains, with long, slightly sallow prairie grass growing from the ground. Far off in the distance I could spot more ruined structures, similar to the one my bony escort and I emerged from. 

"Mr, uh, Death-" 

"Call me Grim, Marcus. Keep to my pace and keep your head low. I am keeping an eye out for them but even then they might sneak up to us." 

"Who? Who are we avoiding? And where are we going? Are you taking me to heaven? Or... The other place?" I choked out the last bit nervously. Reflecting on my life, I had tried to live decently, doing the right thing whenever I could. Sure, nobody's perfect but I certainly hadn't committed any crime worth of damnation... Had I? 

Grim laughed. It was an odd sound, as like sticks (or I suppose bones) clattering against each other. "Where I am taking you is to a choice - something they would never offer you. As for who they are-" 

A loud howl rang through night, frighteningly close. It was enough to almost make me jump out of my skin. Grim's reaction was different. He swept himself low, gripping his scythe with both hands in a defensive posture. "They're here..." he whispered. 

The gloom before us rippled, as if it were water. Slowly a shape began to manifest, almost two stories high, a roiling mass of limbs and jaws. Grim moved so he was directly between me and the creature. "When I say run, I want you to run right past it. I will protect you, keep it occupied. When you are past it, keep to the road and run. Run as fast as you can, as if your very soul depended on it. Because in a way, it truly does." 

Almost as soon as he finished speaking, the thing appeared to be done manifesting. With another eerie howl, it swung a mass of appendages at us. 

Grim moved at superhuman speed, shoving me to the ground with a single bony hand while leaping out of the way of the blow. Without pausing, he turned and charged at the creature, sinking his scythe into the creature's side. 

The creature howled again, but this time I detected what appeared to be a hint of pain. At the same time, Grim shouted. "Go!" he roared, turning once again with his scythe, moving to engage the creature. I didn't need to be told twice. Pushing myself to my feet, I started sprinting as quickly as I could. I didn't turn back but I could hear the sounds of the conflict behind me, slowly fading as I put distance between myself and the battle. 

I don't know how long I ran. I focused on simply putting one foot in front of the other, moving along the dirt path. I tapped into every reserve of energy I had, willing myself to go just that little bit further, to get away from the horror that I had seen. Eventually those reserves ran out too and I continue to run without thought, pushing unthinkingly. I don't know when it happened but  I found myself collapsed on the floor. I tried to get up, to continue moving but my body no longer seemed to listen to me. I then noticed that world around me was darkening, fading to black. I was utterly exhausted. My last thought before I drifted off into nothingness was the the hope that Grim was OK... 

I opened my eyes and gazed into the empty sockets of the skull looking down at me. This time, though I started, I did not shout. I was quite proud of that. 

"How long -" 

"Not long, Marcus," Grim spoke. Was that a hint of tiredness I heard in the skeleton's voice? Could skeletons even tire? I shook the thought from my head. I was utterly exhausted and lost in this alien world. My only ally was the Grim Reaper himself. I had no idea what was happening but this certainly wasn't my expectation of the afterlife. 

"What's was that?" I asked after a short rest. 

Grim was silent for a time. I looked over and opened my mouth to repeat my question when Grim spoke. 

"It serves the ones we flee from, a mere hunting hound they set on those they wish to seek. As for who they are... They are the Auditors." 

I blinked. I had expected a terrifying title for our foes, ones that would strike fear and despair in my heart. However... Auditors? 

"I'll admit, I expected something scarier than little men obsessed with numbers, Grim. "

Hearing my words, Grim grinned (though I suppose he was always grinning with that skull of his). 

"It is what they Audit that you should find terrifying Marcus. They audit all of reality itself. No one knows where they came from, but they took over the roles of the Man above and the Lady below. A hostile takeover they called it. Once they were in power, things began to change. Drastically. "

He paused. "What did you think of your life, Marcus?" 

Grim's question surprised me. I thought back to my life, everything I had achieved, everything I had experienced. Small sharp moments shone out at me, memories of my greatest moments, but they were muted by my thoughts of my everyday life. The mundane days where I would commute to work, sit at a desk all day, go home quietly and quickly turn in.  "It was... Drab." 

Grim nodded. "It's not meant to be. Life was meant to be filled with emotion, joy and sorrow, the peaks and the troughs. It was a struggle, a battle, a reason to be alive. The Auditors took all of that away. Their motives are unknown but they seek to have everyone continue their lives, endlessly in an eternal grey. "

He sighed. "I had meant to wait till we were a bit further away but I suppose the time has come. I offer you a choice, Marcus. You can return to your life. You may stay here and let the Auditors catch up. They will process you through the system and return you to the world. You will have dodged death by the skin of your teeth, and though you may have some memories of what happened here, it will seem like nothing more than a bad dream. You will return to the safety and the comfort you have experienced, and are familiar with. "

He fell silent. I waited a moment for him to speak. "Your other choice is to follow me. You will not be processed. You will not wake. You will be dead and mourned by those who knew you. You will remain here, on the run from the Auditors, in constant fear of being chased and caught. But you will know the truth. And you will have a chance to change things, not just for yourself but all those who come. "

Grim gazed at me, his empty sockets penetrating my soul. "What do you choose Marcus?" 

I thought back to the life I would be leaving behind. My parents, my siblings, my friends. I thought of the moments I had shared with them, and the experiences I would never get to have. I thought of the loves that I had and the loves that I would never know. And I thought of what would happen, when they too met their end and came here. 

I looked up and met Grim's gaze. And I spoke. 

"Let's go." 
