Most of the older populace would kill to return to their early twenties. I am not one of them. The roaring 60's has blazed to a twindling flame. But not me. I always dreamed of returning to my elementary youth with newfound knowledge. Bewildering my teacher, enchanting my youth crushes. Instead I turned 45 this fiscal year. Although you would never know from my enchanting smile, lack of stress lines, and full mane of hair. 
I was flying down the West Virginia mountain roads in a Morgan three wheeler tempting fate at every corner. Tires refuting my suicidal urge while the throttle eagerly answers my calls. Twelve corners back I caught the attention of a notorious park ranger. Try as he may I had no intention of stopping. I no longer feared the mortal risk of incarceration. My lawyers would never allow it. I bathed in the ensemble as the engine roared. Trees screamed between red and blue. I saw it as an audience, and I had no intent to disappoint. Street signs warned of half the speed I stuck to, squealing down the twisties I felt like a fox while the horseman tried to hunt me down. Immortality was on my side. 
Some may see it as a curse. Some nights I may agree. But I live for these moments. Wind rushed through my hair, high octane filled my lungs. I never felt more alive. I never owned the amazing machine between my legs.
Although I could easily procure one. 
It happened many decades ago. 
I used to dwell on my encounter with the reaper. But as they say, you laugh about it or cry about it.
I choose to laugh in the face of death. He was reluctant to deal with the paperwork, I spend my ill received  fortune laughing in the face of death.
If you find yourself traversing along any American roadway in the left lane while headlights challenge you.
I suggest you move to the right. 
Death has ignored me for decades. I only seek the thrill of speed. I am the headlights that hunt you. The relentless motor that screams past you on your late night commutes.
I seek no harm. 
Only the feeling of mortality. Heed to my warning, regardless the vessel. You have more to lose than I. 
I cannot die. I would never wish to drag you into my animalistic needs. 
I no longer seek a paycheck, fancy food or an attractive mate. 
I chase speed. It's the only thing that matters. Your fears are my stimulation.
So move over.
I have lost control countless times. Always returning to my bed. I will never die, and I have embraced the fact. 
But you are still mortal. 
Don't envy my situation. 
Return home.
Move over.
When you see me coming, move over.