I opened my eyes after a long slumber.

I had awoken in a dimly lit hallway, painted a crimson red, almost like blood, but just slightly darker.

I began to wander, wondering where I was or where I was going...

The hallway began to get narrower, and narrower, until I only had about a foot extra of space around me.

It wasn't too bad, but I suspected that if many people flooded through the hallway, it would become torturous.

I continued wandering, the hallway did lead out to a large world, filled with fire and magma, spilling out of cliffs in the distance

I also noticed some odd trenches, about 6 feet deep, they were much narrower then the hallway, in fact, I could walk through them.

Now normally, trenches would hold something, like water, or people, but these were all empty, and all led to a massive castle.

"Surely there must be someone there that can tell me where I am." I pondered in the deep trench.

It felt like hours, but I eventually reached the castle, with the gates surprisingly left open.

I wandered in, seeking the answer to a question burning hotter then the brimstone surrounding me.

Inside the castle, was a large corridor, which led to a throne room.

The throne room itself wasn't too miraculous, it was just a large room with a rectangular crimson carpet and candles surrounding the room.

Despite this though, it did seem somewhat ominous.

Inside was a creature, with red skin and bright yellow eyes, and with a tail that seemed to be on fire.

He was playing a golden harmonica, with an engraving at the top that seemed to be of a ancient language, or at least, ancient in my knowledge.

"Well, well, looks like we have a visitor..." said the creature, pausing his performance for a brief bit.

"If you want to leave this dominion, just pray to God, he'll send you up..."

He then finished his performance.

When he was done, he looked again, noticing that I was still there.

"Go on now, don't you want to escape? Don't you wish to free and happy eternally?" The beast said in a confused manner.

"Not really." I said to the creature.

"I've done so much harm to the world, that what purpose is there to go to heaven? After all, why should I revisit all of those who I have slaughtered and maimed."

The creature perked up in interest.

"I see you have most definitely sinned, after all, why would you be here? But if I may ask? What have you done?"

I grinned in a sadistic fashion.

"Anything and everything you could think of. Rape, murder, terrorism, robbery, torture, lust, arson, all of these things are just the tip of the iceberg when it come to things I have done."

"I have done so many things that sin itself would likely be repulsed at me..."

At this moment the creature stood up.

"I find it funny you think that "sin itself" would be shocked by your actions."

"I should know what that looks like, for I am sin itself..."

In that moment I had a sudden realization.

"Are you, who I think you are?" I said in a quiet whisper.

"Indeed I am." Said the beast. "I am Satan."

In that moment I had a rush of joy.

Most people would be shocked or horrified by such news.

But not me, I was a sadist.

This moment was a moment that I had been dreaming about for decades.

For I had just met a creature with me exact emotions.

I had met my equal.