I’ve always been a loner. I love being alone.

Growing up an only child in the woods with my homemaker mother and lumberjack father miles away from any neighbors, I had no friends. My mother, surprisingly well read, was my teacher all until I went off to the big city to go to college. During my free time I would read the few books we had over and over again to the point where I had them memorized. I would then read the schoolbooks that the widow Mrs. Johnson would lend to us on her bi-weekly visits to see my mother and I.

The big city was vastly different than the country that I was used to. It seemed to go on forever. I saw more people in the first minute than I ever saw during the previous years of my life combined. The air had a certain odor to it as well, not the sweet smell of pine, grass and the pond. Later I would learn to associate these smells with factory smoke, coal, oil and more.

My dad had worked himself hard in order to provide for my college tuition, which I didn’t know about until I was told. I gained a new respect for him that day. Not wanting to let that go to waste I decided to become a surgeon, which is always something that I thought would be ideal for me.

After years of schooling I graduated with high marks and after a few more years became a surgeon. As the years passed I moved from hospital to hospital, learning more and more. Sometimes I would go back to college for a class or two to become more informed about new techniques. However, I was still a loner. 

My parents both got sick around the same time. I had them brought to the hospital where I was working at the time and tried my best to save them. The last thing both of them relayed to me was how proud they were of me. I tearfully replied how thankful I was to have such loving parents. They died almost at the same time while holding each other’s hand and mine. The hospital staff graciously gave me appropriate time to grieve. It was then I realized that while yes I was going to miss them a lot I would just have to learn how to live without them. It was the least I could do to make them smile as they watched from Heaven.
 
I’d recently moved to Portland Oregon the day my life changed. I was working at St. Vincent’s Hospital at the time, but it was a rare day off. It was partly cloudy and cool as I walked down the street. Like most everyone else at the time I was partially looking at my cell phone to check to see if I had any emails from the hospital. I heard a slight disturbance from in front of me. Removing my earbuds I looked up to see what the commotion was all about.

I am so glad I taped my earbud jack to my phone because if I hadn’t the screen would have cracked. Standing in front of me was the most beautiful and alluring woman I had ever laid my eyes on. I had dated a few women in my life but none compared to this woman. She was maybe an inch shorter than me, slender, graceful, raven colored hair, pale blue eyes, alabaster skin and a calm expression on her face. She wore a pure white dress save for a black scarf, which I found ironic as at that moment I was wearing all black save for a white scarf. I was so entranced by her that I almost didn’t see the biker as he pedaled past me. 

Broken out of my trance I shook my head a bit. It was then that I noticed that the people around me were avoiding her almost as if she were the Black Death. I even saw one elderly woman mutter, “Not yet, I can’t go yet.”

The woman’s gaze was raised upward towards the skyscrapers. I once more became entranced by her. Because of this, she collided with me and we both tumbled. I heard a few screams and the sound of running feet.

The woman’s eyes focused on me in confusion. My head was throbbing due to the pavement impacting my head.

“My apologies milady,” I said as I slowly sat up and held out a helping hand. “Might I be of assistance?”

Her confusion seemed to grow but she smiled and extended her hand.

“Not at all good sir,” she replied in the most harmonious voice I had ever heard as she stood gracefully and brushed her dress off. “I was not paying attention to my surroundings.”

“Might I make it up to you somehow?” I asked, pointing to a small café across the street.

She raised an eyebrow. “I would appreciate that greatly sir. However, I have an odd request. Can you go in yourself and get our drinks? I will be waiting outside.”

I nodded and after retrieving our drinks we headed towards a nearby park. The people there saw us and vacated immediately. I noticed but was too enraptured by the woman to wonder why. We sat at a bench and she sipped her coffee.

“My name is Jon,” I said as a means of introduction. She smiled and nodded to me.

“A pleasure to meet you sir. I assume you already know who I am and what I represent,” she replied.

It was my turn to raise an eyebrow. “I don’t believe I do. Have we met somewhere before?”

Both her eyebrows shot up. She placed her coffee down and turned to face me, giving me her full attention. “When you look at me, what do you see?”

I found that question to be odd, however I replied, “A young woman, early twenties, pale blue eyes, the most beautiful hair I’ve ever seen as well as a gorgeous gown.”

She seemed taken aback by this. Her alabaster cheeks began to flush slightly and she fidgeted nervously.

“Wow…I had no idea people could see me as anything but their worst fears.”

“What do you mean milady?” I asked in utter shock. “How could anyone not call you a dream come true?”

She inhaled and exhaled slowly. “You wouldn’t believe me even if I told you.”

“Try me.”

She shrugged and said simply, “I am Death. That is my name in English anyway.”

“I believe you,” was my simple response. I had never seen anyone act so shocked as she did right at that moment.

“You do…?”

“After the life I have led, I’ve seen plenty of things that make the existence of the supernatural seem plausible.”

She moved closer and peered at my eyes. I stood there, wondering if she had figured something out. I waited patiently as she stared searchingly into my eyes, and maybe into my very soul, who knows?

“You are no normal-” 

Before she could continue I heard a shot ring out. I felt a piercing pain in my shoulder blade as the bullet pierced the bone. Alarmed the woman turned around, searching.

“There’s no time, run!” I shouted as I grabbed her hand with one while pressing on the still bleeding wound with the other. She stumbled at first but eventually was keeping pace with me. I heard someone shout, “She’s making a run for it! Move it move it!”

I began to run in a wavelike pattern to confuse our pursuers. I felt a few bullets fly past my ear, stomach and leg before ducking down one of my favorite alleys. I began frantically feeling along the brick.

“Please still be here…” I beseeched as I stumbled along the alley’s tight confines. The woman had recovered but still seemed a bit unnerved. I found what I was looking for, a loose brick which I pressed in. A small portion of the brick moved aside to reveal a small entrance which someone could crawl through.

“Inside, quickly!” I insisted. Without arguing she got on all fours and slid inside. I ducked inside and pulled a lever. The entrance vanished and we were in complete darkness.

“Where are we?” Death asked from beside me.

“Hold on,” I said as I turned on my cell phone’s flashlight which revealed a long flight of stairs. At the bottom was a wooden door with two candles. I lit one and, taking out a set of keys, opened the door. It creaked open to reveal a large living space. It was still as I left it, albeit a little dusty. I found an old oil lamp and to my great relief there was still oil in it and plenty more stored away. Taking out my lighter I lit the lamp as well as a few old candles. The room became more illuminated.

“Who…who are you?” Death asked in wonder as I dusted off the old reading chair.

I turned to her and smiled.

“I told you who I am.”

“You know what I meant. What are you?”

I had not told anyone this, but as this was Death, I knew I could trust her. I removed my bloody hand from where I had been shot and tore away the clothing to reveal nothing more than a normal shoulder-blade. 

“We’re more alike than you think…”
