"They were supposed to be here by six..." I thought to myself. I turned the TV off and walked into the kitchen where I had been thawing the steaks. 

This dinner had been on my mind for the last week, I couldn't believe what an idiot I had been. I couldn't help but see the irony in the situation, I guess thinking about something so much might cause one to forget it entirely. 

I anxiously poked one of the steaks with my finger, hoping that they would be ready by now. Still examining the meat, I heard a quick three knocks on my door. I turned immediately and slowly walked to the door. I could feel my heart rate increasing, and took a slow, deep breath. 

"We've been dating for three months now. It's about time that I finally met him face to face." I knew her father, but only by the stories she told me. What I didn't know, however, was that standing on the other side of the door to my tiny student flat was none other but THE Gordon Ramsey. 

I exhaled and opened the door. With a smile on my face, I saw my girlfriend and looked towards her father. 


Flabbergasted. I felt my cheeks warm up, surely turning red at the sight of him. My heart was racing. All within the first 3 seconds. Before I had said a single word. "H-h-hello!" I managed to stammer out. They both smiled back at me and Gordon extended his hand. I took it and gripped tightly. "It's wonderful to finally meet you." Gesturing towards his daughter while still shaking my hand vigorously. "She's told me great things about you!" I welcomed them in, giving my girlfriend a quick, desperate hug before turning back to Gordon. He was examining the new surroundings that greeted him. I saw him look towards the kitchen, spotting the three steaks, each pooled in blood, looking grayer than any meat should be. I could see his expression changing ever so slightly. He walked directly into the kitchen and further examining the steaks. I could only watch in terror as his face contorted into one of pure disgust. 

Before he turned to me, I reached for my girlfriends shoulder and squeezed it with all the desperation in my body, a silent scream, sharing with her my feeling of impending doom. 

It was completely silent. 


[First time doing this, would love some cc!!]