To most people Kalendrahs was undetectable, to most beings physics was law. This had made the heist considerably easier but Kevin knew he was playing with fire.

Kalendras drifted into view with a grin that would make the Cheshire Cat proud. “I know one way we could solve this.” He held up his blue clawed hands up like he was holding a ball, then he twisted the ball. “Snap!”

Kevin just glared at Kalendrahs who had spent all day in this ugly little goblin form  just to annoy him. “I told you, no killing,” Kevin whispered. He sat at the edge of the group who had been herded over to one corner of the bank. Their guard paced his way over to their side of the group and Kevin kept his head down and his mouth shut.

“Oh boss, when will you learn that the simple solutions are best? So, what do you think? Humm? How much are those rings worth to you? Perhaps I should pretend to be a poltergeist?” Kalendrahs continued to drift circles around Kevin.

The guard slowly made his way back to the other side of the group. Kevin gripped his backpack full of money and a few antique rings. Like the ruby ring he already wore, the rings in his bag were crafted and warded to control Jinn. 

“Look, we have to assume that the police will be here soon, we need to be out of here before then. And no, no poltergeist. The last thing I need is to attract the attention of other conjurers.” Kevin tried to keep an eye on the robbers over by the vault, they seemed to be taking a while.

Kalendrahs was about to speak when he compressed himself into the ring. Kevin saw it too. Another Jinn had squeezed between the closed entrance doors and lazily floated over to the vault. It looked like a combination of a baby, a bull and a bat. Kevin suspected that Jinn had long ago gotten tired of individual forms and preferred to combine multiple at once.

The bank robbers didn’t notice Kalendrahs and didn’t seem to have detected this new Jinn either. The Jinn glided into the vault and after a moment left the way it came but much faster. Cursing could be heard from the vault.

Kalendrahs poured out of the ring, “Boss, another djinni means another conjurer.”

Sweat beaded on Kevin’s forehead. “I know. I’d be willing to bet that the conjurer sent these guys in to steal the rings. The djinni was probably sent to find out what was taking them so long and they just figured out that the rings are gone.” Kevin let out a sigh. “We need to get out of here before the conjurer detects us.”
Kalendrahs had his big grin again. “Say it. You have to say it.”

“Fine, go be a poltergeist, just remember the rules or else.” Kevin tapped the ring. He knew that this could only end badly. He knew he would eventually get burned and like all of the previous times, he hoped that he could avoid that fate just a little longer.

“Hey, no need for threats, I know how to behave.” Kalendrahs cracked his knuckles and rose above their guard.

 Not that the guard could notice but Kalendrahs settled onto his shoulder and whispered into his ear, “Too bad it’s not Tuesday, tacos are pretty great.”

Like it was kind of funny the guard said, “Yeah, tacos are good.” He blinked a few times and shook his head, “Wha?”

“Wow, your friends have been in the vault for a long time, what if they are eating all of the tacos?” Kalendrahs slithered over to the guard's other ear.

“All of the tacos? But they promised me some of the tacos.” The guard turned toward the vault but the other two robbers hadn’t come out yet.

“I think they are only going to save you one taco.” Kalendrahs solidified himself into the real world just enough to give the guard a gentle push. “Better go get your tacos before they eat them.”

“Hey! Stop eating my tacos!” The guard ran towards the vault.

Kevin stood up and addressed the group, “Run!”

The few who were hesitant quickly changed their minds when the rest booked it for the entrance. Kevin blended into the crowd as Kalendrahs zipped back into the ring. As Kevin exited the building he noticed a white limousine parked across the street, the djinni from earlier entering through the sunroof. 

“Well, weren’t you lucky today. Incompetent conjurer who hires incompetent thugs.” Kalendrahs said from the ring.

“Shut up. What happened to pretend to be a poltergeist?” Kevin asked as he hurried away from the bank and the limo.

“Because screw you that’s why, I do what you want the way I want.” Kalendrahs stuck a middle finger out of the ring.

Kevin just rolled his eyes. Where another conjurer might punish the djinni for disobedience, Kevin was just glad to have things turn out so well. That and antagonizing a magical creature you had enslaved was probably a bad idea considering it could eventually escape. In any case, it was time to drop the loot and hit up the next bank.


----

This will be archived with my other works at: [r/ArchCronoWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ArchCronoWrites/)
