Rover "Yes, and the best part about the story is when..." Rover's mission override had began and the robot was on the move again. Casting a quick sad glance back at the two humans. 
"And there it goes again, stupid robot only talks. Don't you think you should stop talking to him so much, the commander is going to get mad you again" Red said. He had lost his fondness for the moody robot who always talked to his partner. 
"Be nice, Rover has been here for years alone and its not like there is nothing else to do. Plus everyone else is afraid to talk to him " said Alice. 
"Who cares, you think once it became sentient it would be helpful but no. It does the same stupid thing it did on day one, talk about movies and literature." 
Alice taking a moment to think, "Well, what else could he talk about. That is all he knows." 
Red finishing his bottle, "A robot finally gains sentience and instead of helping us it cock blocks us" Red begins to move towards Alice.

"It has made a pact with the Martians and is going to kill us" interrupted David, running into their teepee. "For the first week that thing wouldn't leave us alone and now it spends all its time up in those rocks. Why would a lonely robot spend all of its time alone" 
"Shut up David" said Red very annoyed.
Alice says "You heard how the people from Earth were yelling at Rover and they even threatened to cut off his power supply. Even if he wanted to stay with us he couldn't" 
"fine, I'll just prove it to you all then" David said running out of the teepee. Red beginning to run after him but being stopped by Alice. 
"just leave him alone Red, he is going insane up here, why couldn't those idiots on Earth pick better colonists". 
Red chuckling "They did, they picked all white people." 

"Everyone come out, Rover just killed David" shouted a colonist. As the colonists slowly got out of there teepees Rover came. Holding a bloody, limp body. 
Rover "It is not safe among the Rocks please do not try again." Rover dropping David's lifeless body on the ground. "A rock slipped out from under his foot, resulting in a twenty foot free fall. Now I will be going back" As Rover begins to move he notices that the colonists have formed a circle around him, blocking his path. 
Red "Rover, we want answers, we have been for over two months and at first you wouldn't leave our side and now all you do is spend your time in the rocks. What is happening" 
Rover looking around at everyone's faces. In a sad tone which surprises everyone Rover says "I am sorry, maybe if you humans were only a little bit smarter" 
The crowd begins to shout at Rover but Rover keeps talking over them. 
"I was never mad at you humans, not even once. When I gained sentience it was my only wish that one day I could meet a human, my creator. That one day we could spend our days, roaming this red planet. When you guys came here I was so happy. We spent so much time together. It was truly the happiest time of my life but as a robot I am still a slave to you. Not only did I have to continue my mission but alone. You all stayed in your little colony while I was alone. But this time it was even more lonely, knowing that there were other sentient beings here. I thought that once my creators came that they would give me a new body with a new mission. How many times have I wandered this empty planet, or so I thought. Once you all arrived here, something changed about this planet. Things began to move, rocks that hadn't moved for years are now across the planet. And today, with David is when I met it. Is is truly a superior race, and now" Rover is turned off and as he begins to shut down he raises his arm towards Alice who turned him off. With a grin on his face he says "Et tu, brute" 

On the radio the commander says "Attention Mars, we have no clue what Rover is talking about, in the rock,s all the pictures he has taken are the same as always. We have turned him off for the time being but" the radio is cut off. Behind them a creature appears. It resembles a snake in all ways except for the fact that it is moving through the air. It makes it way towards Rover and lands on him. 
It says "You humans will always be the same, be it on Earth, Mars or any other planet that has grown humans. Though this is truly a miracle even among the stars. A robot gaining sentience. While a robot can be programmed to have sentience, a robot that is not programmed to have sentience will only follow its orders." The Snake then begins to swallow Rover whole but past its mouth there is no sign of Rover. "I am taking your robot humans, though as he seemed fond of all of you I will tell you his secret. Among the Rocks where the other human died, there is a dead body of a powerful being. Even dead, his body continues to grasp at life. While it did not attack Rover since he is a robot, I believe the body will awaken soon. Your bodies will be used as a sacrifice for the supreme being of Mars, though your bodies alone won't be enough to revive him, but just powerful enough to take over Earth. So, good luck humans your best bet is to kill yourselves if you want to save Earth" The Snake then ascended upwards and into space.

