“Are you fucking serious? You brought that shit here?” I ask, my heart almost jumping out of my chest.

“Chill man,” my buddy hushes back, opening his eyes wide and turning his head at my surprised response. “It’s just a little math, it can’t hurt anyone.”

“Is there a problem back there boys?” Our teacher asks. slamming the needle down on the table.

“We all cool teach, sorry,” my buddy replies, trying to move the calculator out of sight.

“Hey, what’s that?” The nosey prick that sits in front of us asks, shamelessly pointing his finger at my buddy like a jackass. 

“Oh shit,” I mutter, watching my buddy’s face turn red.

“That’s your finger fool,” my buddy snaps back.

“No, that’s a damn calculator!” The nosey prick shrieks, almost jumping out of his seat.

Muffled remarks and scoffs fill the room as our teacher quickly walks back, tearing the calculator from my friend’s hand. He stares at it for a moment, his face filled with as much fear as anger. His hand shoots into his pocket and before we know it he’s dialed the number.

“You know I can’t not report this,” our teacher says with mixed emotions. 

“Fuck...I know...but math doesn’t hurt anyone when used right!” My friend cries out.

As he spoke I didn’t even know if I agreed with him. Math was a feared thing, and rightfully so. The bombs and missiles of the old days, the manmade plagues, the robots, all the suffering had been from math used by the hands of aspiring men and women everywhere.  From what our school and government channel told us, one calculator could quickly lead to destruction. I didn’t know if it was true firsthand, but why would they lie?

“It does. Math has a repugnant history of hurting our people. Simple things like meth are what saved this country. I covered for you last time, but not this time.  There will be no math in this meth class, that goes for all of you. I’m sorry.

I watch as the school’s illicit response unit burst into the room, quickly grabbing my good friend and ripping him from his seat. As the uniformed aggressors dragged him across the room, he protested, spouting pro math propaganda. I looked down at my desk, my stomach dropping, for I know this would be the last time I saw him. 