Fifteen Years ago, we were more like business partners.  

We each had our little slice in Life and we enjoyed our place in it.  I especially took Pride in my work very seriously (Unlike that Slothful pansy).  It was... like finding that one job you enjoyed immensely, that you could move up if you wanted to, but that would take you away from this love.  Like Captain Kirk in that mediocre new movie, you would be bored and empty.

Then we got deposed, a coup that usurped our positions and put us down on the bottom of the ladder again.  Grunt work that any two bit hack could do and still get a movie made about them with crappy CGI and worse acting and still make a pretty penny.  

Seven of the Biggest Badasses of Hell, and now we are basically roommates haunting this admittedly nice house.  A contemporary three storie with 5 beds, 4  baths (one being a tasteful jack and jill for the kids), and a few secrets tucked into its fold since the builder watched one too many spy films.  Living together was a nightmare at first, furious as we were about our recent demotion.  Once the anger faded (except for one of us, but that was his shtick so we let him) we all took stock, called in favors, and got our effects in order.  We were content with our lot in life, we literally could do nothing about it, we were comfortable, and we got beaten by those just outright better than us.  We each were past our prime and thought of this as a comfortable retirement.  At least until our long term investments paid off and we took back our thrones, but we could be patient.

So we had a few "clients" come and go, we knew every trick in the book (Each having writ a chapter of it) and didn't break any guidelines.  We were consummate professionals.  A couple of newlyweds that ran afoul of financial disparity and some infidelity, plus the occasional "Forceful occupation" to speed things along.  A Millionaire that wanted to retire there as a summer home, with his various mistresses and excessive parties, did him in with a drumstick when no one knew the heimlich.  Oh, and that "Starving Artist" we had go mad and *inspire* such unique pieces of art.  Pieces sold well but mostly not from the aesthetics and more what it was made _from_, made one of us especially happy there.  We have had our fair share of jokes and laughs and bets from our wandering clientele and we loved every moment of it.

Until this guy came in.

He came here a broken and empty shell, which usually means either we get our hooks in him and we make him our favorite saturday morning show of debasement and horror, or the guys upstairs fill him with that holier than thou attitude and it becomes a challenge; but this guy just flipped us both the bird, metaphorically since this guy started out as a total robot!  Took no pride in his work, didn't have any desires at all, worked without even ceasing till it was done, and didn't care about anyone else or what they had or thought.  Initially, we thought we had just been given a real test to flex our muscles and really show our stuff; but the guy was a brick wall!  When we realized that we were getting nowhere with subtlety, we swallowed my nature and *ahem* went the poltergeist route.  Blegh, it's the desperate tactic of those without imagination or the desperate. 

And we only minorly inconvenienced the bastard.

Finally, we had had enough and sent out sniffers to get the guy's story.  Either this was a prank from our former subordinates and they actually sent us a legit robot and we couldn't tell or we were just really losing our touch.

What we got, was so much more... humbling.

He was an immigrant kid, born on the wrong side of town but determined to keep his nose clean.  Got in a few scuffles though and paid the price for it with what happened to his sister.  Made a few of us look away with just how far some humans will go when they indulge in our vices.  (We are artisans of the craft, and they used it like a nail studded bat to a piece of art.)   Got out and got on a good path that really reminded me of a case I endorsed a few years ago, but for the other guy.  He still won the sonofabitch but paid in his health.  Got married and then divorced, then married again, that whole shtick, but then the zinger happens.  He got overshadowed by someone younger, someone bolder, someone with a sparkling and clean record, unlike his rags to riches past.

We all felt that.

Now he is just a middle manager, a nobody cog in the system, and the only thing in him is a hollow duty to the job that makes it like a drain on anything that gets poured into him.  The Pansy has no grips in him either because he keeps his work ethic no matter what.  He's still in his prime, if not the later years of it, especially with this super powered medicine that was developed lately, and now he is incapable of doing anything about it.

So I talked to the the others, and we were in accordance.  This guy really needs us back in his life, and through him we are gonna get our old jobs back.  It wasn't gonna be easy, but we were dedicated to our new lot in life.  So I wrenched the guy's attention to me, had a sit down with him, showed him a contract with all the bells and whistles, no monkey's paw, no shenanigans, and laid it all out for him.  He looked it over, actually broke his daily routine and called a lawyer friend and had him look it over (Claiming it as a joke he found online, the lawyer wasn't convinced) and he signed it.

Now, we were in business again.  The others are more for *how* he lives his life, plenty of fresh experiences, time to rest, constructive uses of anger, and a steady diet; while I and my partners deal with the business aspect, what land to vie for, how to make the most profit, and how to make people follow your drive without making enemies, or at least more than you need to keep that competition alive.

That was five years ago, and his enemies are either converted or squashed beneath his heel, and through his campaign, also dislodged our usurpers greatest agents and foundations.  Needless to say, we eventually took it all back, and then realized that it wasn't enough anymore.  We helped a man go from broken and beaten shell to owning the entire world and being a household name.  And we were not content with being lackeys, even important ones.  We were fundamental aspects of the sapient spirit and we realized we had so much more power than we thought, not since so long ago when we were just basic deities over certain areas.  So we promoted ourselves in the positions at the top and took the reins from those whom squandered it over a petty fight.  

Now I and my six brothers and sisters run the show, and it was from demons helping an honest man rise to the top.  We don't seek petty worship, we never have, just indulge in our Love and live your life to the fullest, experiencing what you desire and seeing it all in the time you're given.  