The good news is I couldn't die, I wasn't aging, I didn't need to sleep, eat, or drink, and my body didn't produce waste.  
The bad news is it had been a solid ten years - I think? - and I was no closer to finding a fast way to stop the damn planet.  
It had started back in 2023, when NASA announced that they had detected a rogue planet about the size of Mercury flying toward the solar system. Then in 2024 they announced that it would fly  really close to Earth, about ten lunar distances away. Which was going to be super cool. If you were into astronomy, you'd get some awesome views. If you weren't, one, what's wrong with you, and two, there'd be some awesome waves for surfing. Then things went horribly wrong.  
There's an old story about Halley's Comet. When Halley figured out the comet's orbit in 1705, he predicted it would come back in 1758. But he was off by a few months because he didn't correctly account for gravitational interaction with Jupiter.  
There's also a saying that those who don't study history are doomed to repeat it.  
Whoops.  
Early 2025 rolled around. The planet flew by Jupiter, got nudged in orbit a little bit, and Earth collectively started to panic. All the space agencies now were in agreement on its path, and there were no more major objects that could disrupt its orbit. It was on a dead-on collision course with Earth.  
Eventually the planet got close enough that we could see it at night, and then in the day. Humans being human, there were actually countdowns on the internet counting down to the second of impact. The countdown was down to about twelve hours when suddenly it froze. As did everyone in the room with me. I looked outside. Yup, everyone was frozen out there too. I looked up. The planet wasn't moving, which was nice. But why could I still move? That's when I felt the pain on my arm. I looked down and saw that letters were being written on me. "S..A..V..E....U..S..."  
Well, balls.  
So now I have to find a way to stop a planet from crashing into Earth. The good news is I have plenty of time. Course, I have no idea how to do it.  
I honestly don't know how this time freezing thing is working, because it seems like only half of time has stopped. I mean, I can still see things, and if I speak I can hear myself. If I throw something, it flies like normal, but if I bump into a person they stay frozen, even in physically impossible positions. Chemical reactions still work but the internet doesn't. Electricity in general works though, and things don't seem to lose power. It's all weird and basically I'm stuck using books to get an idea of how to stop this thing.  
So far my best idea is to build a rocket to get up to the planet. I found one that NASA had apparently been planning to use for something, until their efforts got refocused on brainstorming ways to stop the Earth from getting destroyed. Once I get up there though, that's when the real fun begins. The planet is about the size of Mercury, so I'm guessing the escape velocity is about the same. If that's true, I could get individual rocks away from it just by throwing them really hard. Since gravity evidently isn't working on a large scale - one, the planet isn't moving toward Earth, two, Earth isn't moving toward the sun, and three, none of the other planets seem to have moved - if I throw a rock from the planet toward the sun, it'll get there without having to deal with escaping Earth's gravity well.  
Resigning myself to many lifetimes of labor, I've loaded the rocket with a few thousand pickaxes. I'm leaving in about six hours. And hey, in a few thousand years I'll be able to say that I'm the only person to have completely dismantled a planet.