Was it all for nothing?

I fought, killed, and scavenged my way for two years to survive. I didn’t run and hide when the first of the dead rose. I didn’t stick my head in the sand or my face in the barrel of a revolver like I watched the people I loved do.

Even my best friend had called me a monster when he watched me fire out the brains of someone who stole our food for the first time. I didn’t regret it then. I stared at him blankly and told him how that same “desperate soul” tried to off me the same way when I was hungry. Karma was a bitch and I was just returning the favor.

His mouth hung agape, dumbfounded and helpless. They all were. Deep down, none of us wanted to drop that many bodies. Not even me, but necessity prompted otherwise.

I pushed and kicked at the dead man trying to tear my throat out. We grunted in the struggle, him from hunger and me in exhausted. “Oh, give it up,” I growled, but not sure at who.

A misplaced kick landed me on my back instead of allowing the time to run - which was my intent. 

“Dammit!”

The zombie was swift, diving down while I was still reorienting myself. 

My heart pounded realizing I had only narrowing escaped its gnashing teeth by using my forearm to block him by the throat. There’s only one! I thought to myself, panicking. I’d escaped hordes, sneaked around packs, killed countless others, and in the end it seemed all it took for me to finally be picked off the face of the earth would be one stupid, quiet little shit I hadn’t heard creep up on me in the dark. 

His bony, withered hand attempted to claw at me and my fear flew into overdrive. I began to thrash, but my efforts were fruitless. Even dead and deteriorating, his larger build overpowered me. I’m a last, pure instinct-driven impulse, I sank my teeth in the fingers reaching for my face.

To my shock and horror, the corpse cried out in something resembling pain and fell away from me. I scattered backwards, huffing and shaking. The taste of rotten flesh lingered on my tongue but at the moment I was too distracted to give it any more than vague acknowledgement.

“What in the hell...” My voice trailed away, watching with disturbing entrance as he writhed and screamed on the ground, changing.

Flesh began to fill on the bones, fattening and restoring the dead remains to their former, living glory. His discolored eyes regained their luster, serving to add intensity to his expression of agony. 

There was loud cracks and pops, as previously broken bones fixed themselves and joints snapped back into place. His skin flushed with color, hair grew, open wounds quickly healed. Within minutes, what lie before me was impossible - a zombie turned human, by a single bite.

Finally the man quieted himself, panting and gasping, sweat beading his forehead. “Jesus...” I whispered. His eyes moved this way and that, rolling in their sockets, but he was coming to.

I inched forward cautiously, still not sure if what I witnessed was real or if my mind only let me see what I wanted to in my last breathing moments. 

The man’s eyes settled on mine and he coughed, “what happened, where am I? Who are you?” 

I opened my mouth but had no words. “Uh...” I replied dumbly. “Doesn’t matter, who are you?”

“Frank,” he coughed again, wiping some blackened slime off his lips. “My wife... where is she? I was on my way home. I heard the National Emergency System come on the radio... but my car crashed... Oh god, I think I hit somebody.”

I blinked. This was definitely real, and right now somebody needed to break some really bad news to this poor man. It was going to have to be me.

“Don’t worry about that, I’m sure they’re okay now. But you, Frank, we need to get you somewhere safe.”

“Why? Is everything okay? How long was I unconscious?”

I took his arm over my shoulders and helped Frank to his feet, and we shuffled towards the warehouse. “I’ll explain it all soon, a lot has happened.” I laughed ironically, “you’re not going to believe the story I have for you.”