Two thirds of my life I have now held this power, for one third of it I have sat atop the world, treated as their new God. Sixteen years ago I have found out that I could kill.

In my youth I was a normal child, not too tall, light blond hair, focused brown eyes, my only really distinct trait, a crescent birthmark on my neck. Sixteen years ago I tripped when running down the stairs, called by my mother and fell on our cat Melly. At 50 years old, Melly was probably as smart as I was at 8, but she did not notice me falling and as I out my hands out to catch myself one landed on her neck. I felt awful.

Since then, people started coming from all over the world, begging me to kill them. At first the idea scared me, but then I realised: I am the only one that can give them a break from the long life they have lead, the only one that can make their pain go away forever. A pity that my influence could not help those still alive... Except it could.

It did not take long for people to start worshipping me as the new God. The growth of my power to kill also helped. Initially I needed something to help the person die. I still needed something like a knife or a gun to actually kill them. As long as I was the one holding it, the person died. Now however I can make a whole statium die at once. It's almost like pulling on these invisible strings that unravel their life. As my power grew so did the number of my followers. People started following me and doing as I ask just to be close to someone great like me. I didn't like it at first, but soon I realised that they actually enjoyed serving me. They honestly thought so highly of me, their God that being in the same room with me was the best thing they could ask for.

And so, surrounded by devout and often quite intelligent people I have made my move to claim power. And in our world money was power. So, I started charging people for their deaths. A sliding scale with a small payment for those who are poor, and up to half your fortune for those 1%. At first, some tried to cheat and hide their money. That soon stopped after I warned that those who do so will never feel my touch. On the other side, some overly devout followers tried to give away ALL their wealth, leaving nothing for their families. Luckily by the time I found out I had enough wealth to support those left behind for an eternity, though I did prohibit giving me all one's possessions while you have any living relatives remaining. In a few short years I have become the world's richest person by a several orders of magnitude.

Now, at 24 I sit in my Mayfly court, ruling them as God. My influence truly infinite, and my funds infinite. Those in my court are for the time being the only ones permitted to have children, as I can always grant the gift of death to anyone who wishes it, not risking over population.

And as I continue to hone my skills, to increase my power, I finally understand the source. The strange scar on my neck, left when death tried to take my life with it's scythe. How it did so years after not killing anyone at all I know not, perhaps it treats time differently than humans do. But it seems in it's failure it's scythe shattered, a large piece stuck inside me.

Sometimes I just wish it just killed me. Being a God is... Exhausting... 