 An old man laid perfectly still on a hospital bed, nurses crowded around him while a doctor checked his heart monitor again. 

“How is he doc?” a nurse asked. Her name badge read, Sylvia.

“He is fine for now Sylvia, but I do not know if his death is almost upon us. I have dealt with human sickness of all kinds and for all people, but unfortunately there is very little my medical school classes or decades studying medicine could have taught me about this particular man,” he said solemnly.

What’s interesting about this particular man you ask? Well, he is an ancient and powerful wizard? Where was he born? Nobody knows. When was he born? Nobody knows. How did he end up in Saint Peter’s Hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey? Still,  nobody knows. The only information given by the wizard was that his life will end soon and when he dies all the spells he cast throughout his lifetime will cease to exist. Fearing for how the world may change, whether a big or small change, when the wizard dies, the nurses have been checking on him every second of every day and night, afraid that one second his soul would slip out of his body and the world as we know it would change. The nurses’ eyes were all bloodshot from staying up for days. Although it had not been required for them to stay this long they all wanted to be there to see what would happen. 

At first the hospital tried to keep the wizard a secret. The last thing they needed was a worldwide panic, but it was too late. While conducting an interview for New Brunswick Today about the hospital’s sanitation practices, the editor, Charles Cratoville, had stumbled across the wizard’s room and had overheard the nurses whispering. Knowing he finally had a worldwide story he could tell right in his own local newspaper, he jumped at the chance. Within an hour of him publishing the story to newbrunswicktoday.com, the story had been picked up by major news outlets across the world\- New York Times, BBC News, CNN, FOX, and many more. Soon the entire world knew about and anticipated what may happen when the wizard dies\- some were filled with excitement and some were filled with fear. 

One night a mysterious lady walked into the hospital. She was very elderly and stood at about 4’6. She had the most intense clear eyes that gave off the impression that she was all\-knowing. Without talking to reception first, she walked right into the wizard’s hospital room. As she stepped into the room the doctor and all of the nurses turned away from the wizard to look at her.

Her words changed everything, “I know what will happen when the wizard dies,” she said, and judging by her face and tone, everyone instinctively knew she telling the truth. 

“Can you tell us seer?” Sylvia asked quietly.

“Unfortunately I cannot tell you as that would take years to explain, but if you would like I can show you what the future has in store. My only request is that if I show you, you can not tell anyone. You would have to live with this secret alone. Can you do that?” the seer asked her.

“Yes,” Sylvia answered. Although she knew keeping this a secret might be the most difficult thing she would ever have to face in her life, she wanted to know more than anything, and she had a strong feeling that the seer had not just wandered here for fun, no, she sensed that it was her fate to find out this truth. The nurse placed her hands in the nurses palms and suddenly everything around her started changing. As she held onto the nurses hands she felt time disappearing before her own eyes First the modern hospital equipment was replaced by a hospital that looked as if it was straight out of an old western, then, the hospital disappeared and the women were on a cobblestone street, colonial era men walked briskly, but soon even they disappeared as they travelled further and further into time.  Soon,  all of the streets and buildings disappeared and all that was to be seen in all directions was a lush meadow. In the meadow there was only one person, the wizard. He was focused hard on his work, the spell, the one the seer had taken her back to see, the spell that would change life as we know it as soon as he died. The two women watched in silence as the wizard created his spell. In front of the wizard laid two clay dolls. One girl and one boy. They dolls looked oddly humanlike despite being made of clay. “Finally, I will have companions. People to share this beautiful earth with me,” the wizard said as he raised his hands over the dolls. Sparks of power shot out of his hands as the dolls transformed before their very own eyes. At first the dolls grew taller until they were standing at 5 ft. Next, their skin changed from being the clay of the earth to becoming real skin, their eyes, mouth, nose, hands, etc, became real too. While his hands hovered over this newly created humans, he said the following words that would change everything, “ Hello my friends. You two will be named Adam and Eve. You will be the first humans on this earth. For as long as I live, humanity will exist and you will accomplish many great things. Civilizations will be built, wars will be fought, religions will be debated, and all of these will be because of your descendents. When I die humanity will die with it, but that is a long time from now. I hope you enjoy your newfound life. Goodbye Adam, goodbye Eve,” and with that the wizard dropped his hands. Without even acknowledging the wizard the two people walked away holding hands, ready to take on this strange new world they had just been placed into. 

Suddenly time fast forwarded to the present day and Sylvia was back in the hospital. She had no desire to tell anyone what she had seen because of the panic it would cause, but she gave the other nurses and the doctors the following wisdom. “The wizard will die soon and it cannot be prevented no matter how many hours or days or even weeks we all watch him. I cannot say what will happen when he will die, but I urge you all. Leave this hospital. Go home and spend time with your friends and families , because I assure you that whenever the wizard dies you will want to be surrounded by your loved ones.”

THE END. 