My boat bumped the edge of the distant shore. As I stepped out my legs wobbled dangerously and sunk an inch or so into the cold grainy sand. I pulled the boat onto the beach, closing its sail and stowing the oar beneath the seats. The land was craggy and rain-washed. Thick gray clouds obscured any possible sun above me. Small waves lapped the gray shore, making the only sound around me. There was no wind. 

"We're not in California anymore," I said impulsively. But there was no Toto around to hear me. Dogs make me sneeze, anyway.

I made my way up the beachhead and into the rocky hills above me. They gave way to thick deciduous forest where darkness pressed in and whispers emerged from inside my own skull. Shadows of - *what are those things? beasts or people?* - lurked just out of sight between the trees. They paced behind and around me, not showing aggression but rather beckoning for me to join them. I clutched my crucifix and hurried on before they could convince me to stay. The edge of the wood opened to a destroyed wooden town sitting at the foot of a mountain. At the peak of the mountain, high above me, an alien shape sat perched. I couldn't make out details of the body through a veil of fog, but it was massive and seemed to stretch across much of the mountaintop.

"There is nothing for you up there," said a fish-man crouching in the stream next to me. His eyes were pale green and stared outward without focus. Gray-blue scales covered his body and a dorsal ridge ran from his forehead to the tip of his tail. "Please turn back. Leave this island." With each consonant, that odd lipless mouth of his emitted a strange *squelch*. It would have been funny if it weren't horrifying.

"What is this place?"

"Seek no answers here," said the fish-man with a note of fear in his voice. "I cannot stop you. But if you do, please do not judge us." He turned his head to face one eye directly at me, then dove into the stream and swam away.

The creature had piqued my curiosity. Against his pleading, I walked through the destroyed town and ascended the mountain. The slick rock nearly killed me several times, but a manmade path seemed to reveal itself after several hours of failed attempts. Another hour or so of travel brought me close to the peak, but the rock was getting steep again and my hands were cut deeply from previous failures. I sat at a flat outcropping and stared up, looking for a path to the top. Around me, extremities of that great monstrosity clung to the edge of the mountain. They looked like tentacles.

"If you fall, we will eat your body." The creaky voice came from a shadowy creature as it landed just above me. Several others fluttered down to join it. "We mean you no disrespect. It is only natural." 

"I won't fall, then," I said, smirking in spite of my churning stomach. The creature hopped down to my outcropping, revealing itself. It had the vague outline of a woman, but sprouted black feathers from its face, back, and legs. Its arms were wings, and it spoke through a viciously hooked beak. "You and your friends could probably kill me now if you wanted to."

The creature cocked its head at me. "That would be rude of us," it crowed. "You are heading up the mountain, are you not?"

"I am."

"Why?"

I had not expected that question. In fact, I had not examined it myself. "I don't know. It just seems like the right path."

The crow-woman cackled, and her flock followed suit. The sound sent a chill up my spine. "A good answer," she replied at last. "Others try to give me reason where there is none. You have not been told anything about this place, yet you are risking your life to learn about it. Do you want to know why?"

"Of course."

"Because it is inherent to you. It is inherent to all creatures to seek out their creator."

I looked upward to that shape at the top of the mountain. "That thing..."

"...created everything you knew before this, yes. That is, until we killed it."

It was my turn for questions. "Why would you do that? Murder your creator?"

The crow-woman and her flock laughed again - this time I physically cringed at the harsh, shrill sound. "It was hardly murder. A creator always needs materials to create. This island was no paradise for the dead." She lowered her voice. "We were stripped down, of flesh and blood and muscle and bone. We were cattle to the slaughter. All so that this monster could keep *your* world running."

"But my world is fine."

"It will not see the effects for years. But it will break down. Its people will fall to madness and violence. Leaders will ruin their nations and turn on their people." She reached out with a clawed foot and tapped against my chest. "That monster was keeping you from becoming animals."

"So you destroyed my world to save your own?"

"It isn't your world any longer, is it?" Her voice was angry now. "I led these people to their freedom and I would do it again. But now both are destroyed. The island itself rejects reality."

"Fine." I looked from her, up to the peak. Then I held up my bloody hands for her to see. "There's no way for me to climb from here. Will you help me?"

She turned her head and stared at me for a long time. "You took the wrong way up."

"Maybe you can carry me?"

The crow-people cawed angrily around me, hopping down from their perches and closing in with aggression. "We are not vehicles, human," one said. "We do not serve you!"

"They are correct," said the crow-woman. "You must offer something in exchange for our help."

I thought for a moment. "I have a boat."

They laughed again. "Do we look like we can row?" one cackled.

The crow-woman spread her wings, and the others fell silent. Then she leapt at me and wrapped her claws around my arms, hoisting me into the air. Her powerful wings lifted us both high over the mountain, and I could see the island fall away under me. I waited for her to drop me. *I offered nothing*, I thought. *I insulted them and I am going to pay with my life.* I closed my eyes.

My feet hit solid ground before she released me, and I opened my eyes in surprise. "Did you expect death, human?" 

"Yes."

She laughed that terrible laugh. "You will set out on your boat, human, before you become like us. You will seek out other islands like this one and find a cure for this curse. You will return here when you have found it. For this, you may see your Creator."

"I will do what you ask." I meant it.

She nodded, then beckoned for me to follow. We were at the peak, and the Creator loomed over us. Its skin, a slick gray canvas, still held the dozens of spears and arrows that brought it to its doom. Hundreds of eyes covered its head, still wildly spinning in their sockets. We stopped at its face. It was a bulbous human head emerging from the body of the leviathan, bald and wet like an infant's. Its mouth opened and closed mutely, spilling seawater with each silent utterance. The water formed a steady stream that ran over the side of the mountain. Was this the beast that heard my prayers?

"Are you religious, human?"

I stared into the cold, dead face of the monster that made me. "I was."