"15 years, father. It has been 15 years since my last confession." 

Being raised a Catholic, the words hurt coming out of my mouth. In my mind, I saw my mother nodding disapprovingly; my father taking a drag of his Marlboro and exhaling with a stern expression. 

"What are your sins, my son?" asked the heavily Brooklyn accented priest. "Please be specific." 

"Well, last week, I looked at pornography," I whispered. "I looked at it a few times." 

"Pornography, eh?" a raspy voice suddenly sounded, permeating the silence of the church. "That ain't soundin' like too much of a sin."

I turned around, looking for the origin of the voice. Nothing. 

" Lower." 

I looked down, spotting something that rocked my world. There he was. Clad in a suit and tie, a squirrel. A Camel cigarette clasped between his tiny squirrel lips. 

"Are you there, my son?" the priest inquired. 

"A moment, father. Please." 

I returned my gaze to the squirrel. His eyes blocked by a small pair of Ray-bans. The smoke from his cigarette drifting past the darkness of his shades. 

"What--- what are you?" I asked, my heart beating fast. 

"Winston Squirrel. I solve problems."

I thought for a moment. 

"Isn't that really similar to Winston Wolfe from Pulp Fiction?" 

"Pulp what?" 

"Pulp Fiction. The Tarantino movie." 

Winston thought for a moment, his ears fidgeting. He removed his sunglasses. Seemingly breaking the fourth wall, he stared to the side.

"This is the part where I kill the priest."

"Wait, what?!" my voice rose about three levels in pitch. 

Kafoom! And just like that, from his tiny sleeve the squirrel shot a sharp golden arrow. Tearing through the thin wooden barrier, the arrow stuck into the priest's neck. 

"MOTHER OF CHRIST!" the priest slumped against the barrier. Blood flowed through the hole made by the arrow. 

"That man raped three people in May of 1978," the squirrel said as he puffed away on his cigarette. "I was contracted to kill them." 

"What does this have to do with me?" I asked, my confusion evident. 

"I don't know, man. Life's nuts sometimes." 

The squirrel looked to the side once more, giving a thumbs up with his tiny squirrel hand. 

And, from the heavens, boomed CANNED LAUGHTER. Like, audience sitcom laughter.

Then, descending from the ceiling, flowed a column of CREDITS. End credits. Moving past a squirrel, frozen in time. 

WAS I CAUGHT IN A SITCOM?! 

"Hello?!" I yelled.

Nothing. Nobody answered. Only the cheery cords of a theme song sounded back. 

"And up next, another episode of Life is Nuts!" the voice of an announcer boomed. Rattling the walls of the confessional. Overwhelmed by the turbulence, I expel the contents of my stomach onto the floor.

"HELP! HELP ME!" I screamed.

Fin. 


