The needle bent and immediately my instincts took over. Deflect left, pull back, strike right, feign right, dip low and elbow to temple. I was already in full motion without even having to consciously think about it. I guess years of training will do that to you.

*We will make you a machine* they would say.

He was quick and had undoubtedly strong forearms, but his leg positioning was lacking, I noticed this immediately. Although, seated as I was in the patient bed it was hard to take advantage of that weakness at the moment.

I made a move to stand and was bulldozed down by a swift shoulder to the sternum. But I got the desired effect once I let the blow carry me. I tumbled over the other direction and landed standing upright on the opposite side of the bed.

He reached for the drawer to his left and got it open before I slammed the bed into him. Pinning his arm in the drawer holding onto whatever weapon he was reaching for.

I launched myself over, left foot first on the back of his right kneecap. It brought him to his knees and at that point it was over. I had him in the Dreymond hold, sweeping my left arm under the right with his neck in the middle.

At that point it could've been over I'm an instant.

*Why now? Why after all these years?*

I could feel the blood pounding in his artery, unsuccessfully willing it's way into his brain.

*Was this a long game? Was I still that important to them? I hope to god there's a still warm doctor's body out in the parking lot; folded up nicely in the trunk with any other dead bodies. But what if it wasn't a short-hit? Would they spend the time and energy to have a implant undercover Doctor build up his rep for months, years, just to get a shot at me again?* 

The longer they took to plan and think out a way to kill you, the more they wanted you dead.

The man was on the verge of passing out. I could feel the strength of his body quickly leaving him.

*No, no, it can't be. This is just an opportunistic hit. Quick cash from some bullshit, forgotten, grudge. Nothing more."

The second mistake I made was relaxing my hold. But I needed to know.

"Who?" I shouted as loud as possible without drawing attention from the hallway, "WHO?!"

"Francis, Francis," he gasped near-unintelligibly. 

"Bullshit!" I tightened my grip, "Who?!"

I reached into the drawer and grabbed what felt like a silenced Grisner 733.

I held it to his temple as he attempted regained his breath. 

"One more chance: who?"

The man let out a bloody smile that chilled me to the bone. 

*Jesus, I've gotten soft*

"You're a dead man, they are already here."

The exit wound from the .35 caliber bullet left an all to familiar spray against the hospital white wall. I planted the gun in my back belt before searching his body. 

Nothing.

I grabbed his ID tag that was clipped to his neckline and headed for the door. I peeked out slowly and the hallway was clear.

As I approached the front desk I could hear the receptionist shouting, "I told you sirs, you can't go back there! Sirs! Excuse me! I can't let--" A muffled shot cut the frantic receptionist's demands short.

I immediately took off in the opposite direction, following the exit signs. I found a back hallway with steps that led to the lower floor, only four flights down. But just as I began my retreat, 5 armed men dressed in hospital scrubs were hastily beginning their ascent. 

Up was the only way.