I'm glad I'm dead, for I've come to a plane that is my personal paradise. Everything I could dream of at my command. My paradise is a massive rustic library, filled with thousands of books with crevices everywhere to relax and read. A café sits in the centre, with a coffee machine, teabags and the tastiest food imaginable. 

My personal paradise contains every book imaginable. I remember fainting when I found the Library of Alexandria area. I learned so much. I've been happy in this library for millennia. I even have a room where I can see all of my dead loved ones. 

I'm glad I'm dead for I fear immortality. I look down at the immortal beings below. Or above or to the left or something. Direction outside of my paradise is confusing. When immortality was discovered, it was limited to world leaders, however once the American president was shot twice in the face but still proceeded to beat his attacker in a sort of Andrew Jackson like confrontation, rumour got out. Immortality became mainstream. 

I was pressured. No one would let me die. No one would allow me to remain mortal.  It got to the point where I did the most selfish thing of my life. I wouldn't bear to be immortal. So I convinced everyone to go out to have a coffee, but when they returned all they found was my body. 

In the few billion years since that happened everything I dreaded happened. Overpopulation kicked in. All food and water ran out and now they are doomed to an eternity of hunger pains and dehydration symptoms. That was until they drank all of the water on mars, then Uranus and every other planet with water. Eventually their bodies began to weaken as they began to depend on technology. Eventually a massive solar flare destroyed electric devices for a while, the Swift Tuttle comet hit earth dooming half the earth to about a century of burning alive until the could walk all the way to the other side of the earth with their weakened bones.

I forgot to mention that the bee went extinct pretty quickly, so for most of that time they couldn't breathe. But most recently, the sun collapsed and people have been floating through space for years.

I'm glad I'm dead for the alternative is much worse.
