People had made their own sort-of paradise on Earth.  I remembered the progress of technology and understanding from 1970 to 2020, and was only slightly surprised that the progress had continued unabated since my passing.  Things were still, clearly, a work in progress here, but generally I didn’t feel sorry for those that were casting off mortality.  It remained an option for those that wanted it, but really, few did.

The main things to note were not far from what I had imagined.  

Immortality had been unlocked through genetic engineering.  It was a combination of eradicating disease and halting the biological clock that had done it.  People still died from catastrophic incidents or at their choosing, but it was increasingly rare and seen as completely unnecessary.

With increased lifespans, more and more humans were able to take the long view. Their permanent home, for most, was Earth, and it needed to be protected.  The environment had been cleaned up through a combination of chemical science and genetically engineered organisms. An asteroid defense shield was in place to protect from the fate of the dinosaurs.  Menial labor had been given to automation.  People worked because they were driven to.  For some that meant playing games all day.  For some that meant researching the universe.  Most people would do something for 20 years, take a 5 year break, and then learn something new.  This pattern was just developing, but for 4 generations, it was now the norm.

Fusion power had come into its own; free energy was available to everyone.  This energy powered ever more powerful computers and the inventions of man.  Many humans were augmented with various bits of technology, dependant on this freely available flow of energy.  It powered rockets into orbit, much to the chagrin of space elevator enthusiasts. It powered the many stations around Earth.  It powered the settlements on the Moon and on Mars.

The adventurers were on Mars.  They would have been the explorers that crossed the Atlantic or that traveled the Wagon Trail to the West Coast in days past.  These intrepid people knew that the unforeseen accidents that occasionally resulted in death were much more likely in these far flung locations, but the human spirit seemed to be undeniable.  The adventurers were often both genetically modified and technologically augmented for their new habitats.  Millennial ships were being built to send humans to distant stars.  There was a desire to expand everywhere, learn everything, and possibly figure out how to prevent the heat death of the universe.  So much progress was being made, little seemed impossible given time, and there were billions upon billions of years to tackle that problem.

The human species was clearly diverging.  Incompatibilities between humans were developing, but births were rarely done inside humans anymore.  When people fell in love, they still wanted to have children, and they would often mix and match their genes and desirable genes into a living expression of their commitment.  Expectant tuples (more than two parents was becoming more common) eagerly awaited the delivery of their child, and rushed to the lab as soon as they received word. At adulthood, most of these children would have their genome altered for their needs, but looking a bit like your parents was still desired.  Something sentimental lingered still.

I searched the Earth over for anyone researching the after-life.  It was still mostly the work of the ascetics, but there were scientists, too, working on it.  I knew they couldn’t unlock all the secrets of the universe without stumbling upon this reality eventually.  Perhaps, one day, they could open a door, and I might have the chance to live amongst them again.  It looked challenging and beautiful.  Only they could do it.  We lacked the ability to make the kinds of manipulations necessary on this side.

As I returned to my paradise, I saw that it was adapting to my desires.  Things looked a little more like what I had observed.  I met with some friends and we discussed what I had seen.  They all agreed that they were meaning to make a similar trip sometime soon, but had I seen the new nebula forming in Triangulum, or the new creatures in Messier, their homeworlds.  The ego was not a human invention.  I smiled.  These friends reminded me that there were some people on Earth I missed.  There was still hope I’d see them again.