	      The world has gone to shit.  Whoever said we needed a new plague obviously was never a vampire.  Overpopulation was my dream.  Humans everywhere, plenty to prey on.  Unsuspecting humans who have no idea of the supernatural.  Humans who believe that things like vampires, ghouls, and zombies are myths.  But then they had to ruin it.  Those undead bastards.  I know they are not all mentally present, but did they have to go start an epidemic?  In a major city?  Of course it was going to get out.  Spread.  We tried to keep them contained, keep them satisfied.  Why else would they work in morgues?

	But no. They got too big for their britches.  They wanted fresh brains.

	Did they think we like our jobs any better?  Blood in bags?  Chilled?  There is nothing better than blood straight from the neck.  Warm.  Flowing.  You can feel their heartbeat slowly fading in your mouth.  I can taste it now.

	The point is that even if you do slip up, indulge in a fresh human being, you must dispose of the body.  If the body is found, then our whole existence is put into jeopardy.  We were lucky enough that the novels written already were dismissed as fantasy, but now?  Now they know.  They know about the zombies.  They have to be asking themselves what else is fact that was once fiction?  And now the balance is off.

	The zombie population was growing too much to keep in check.  Soon the humans in the city knew, but even before it was too late.  There were already the infected going over seas, spreading the disease.  The zombie population increased exponentially, and with that came a shortage of humans.

	The small pockets of living human beings are the only things keeping us vampires alive.  We try to limit it to only one or two vampires per group.  You have to understand.  First off, we do not want them to get suspicious.  Second, none of us have hunted for years, and we are used to living around humans.  We are very good at blending in.  We do not need food like they do.  We pretend that we have already eaten.  We feed on them at night, on the ones not keeping watch for the zombie horde.

	Those gluttonous bastards.  They have taken out 90% of the world's population and all they can think about is more, more, more.  They scratch and claw at the doors, like somehow that will convince our humans to venture outside.

I try to keep my humans safe, I really do, but they are so stupid.  They keep trying to be heroic, and their compassion kills them.  So I volunteer to go on supply runs.  They say I am lucky, but I know it's just that the zombies do not want me.  They want human brains, not moldy vampire heads.  When they tell me good luck, I just nod my head, smile, and walk out the hidden entrance behind our house, and try to take out as many of those greedy, undead bastards as I can before I return.