It's been about a day since I've stopped taking my meds. Why am I not dead yet? Could it be? Am I immune? Damn I can't tell anyone, they'll probably dissect me or something. Wait. No wait hold on. What if... What if the virus is a lie? How could I possibly know. I could probably pull an experiment, but who would willingly give up their life for my curiousity. or .... Why does it have to be willingly? I know the perfect person for this. My roommate Steve. I wouldn't feel bad even if that douchebag died.

And that's how it started. I took out my phone and began recording myself.

"Hi there, my name is ThisIsDark, and as of 2 days I have not taken my medicine. You know exactly what I'm talking about. The medicine that's supposedly keeping us alive from "Apocalypse" that virus that can supposedly wipe out humanity. That means one of two things are true, either I'm immune or the virus is all a huge fucking HOAX. That's what we're going to test today boys and girls."

I hold up a pill box to the camera.

"In my hand is my roommate Steve's pillbox. I know what you're thinking, and yes that's exactly what I'm going to do. I have replaced Steve's pills with sugar pills. And I know I'm an asshole for doing this but I need to know. Also Steve is a huge jackass, trust me you wouldn't like him."

I put Steve's pillbox in the medicine cabinet where it belongs and wait.

-----------------------------------------

"Okay it has now been two days."

I move the camera to show steve, and promptly return to my room. 

"IT'S A FUCKING HOAX." are the first words out of my mouth.

"All our lives we've been told apocalypse could kill us all if we didn't take our pills and look at me. I haven't taken any pills in 4 days and I'm alive and kicking!" I kick a chair in my room to emphasize my point.

"Even freaking STEVE isn't dead yet! This proves it. Apocalypse isn't real! Stop paying for the pills people! The government has been lying to us!"

I cut off the video and navigate to the youtube app. I upload it and share links to it everywhere I can. Facebook, Reddit, imgur, even freaking 9gag! Screw 9gag! I'm in a frenzy telling all my friends. They all sound so confused, like I've gone crazy and obviously it sounds crazy. It's like I woke up and told them water was dry. I'm putting in serious work to share this story as far as it can go, morning until midnight. I'm started to get tired and my video only has maybe 100 views. 

"Ugh, I'll deal with this tomorrow."

 I head to my bed and promptly collapse.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"ughh" 

I wake up around 2 pm like I usually do, like a fucking zombie. The first thing on my mind? The video. I wonder how many views it has. I log onto to youtube and damn near lose my shit. TEN MILLION VIEWS MOTHERFUCKER. I check my facebook and it's been reuploaded so much I have no idea how many views it's actually gotten. It's been freaking pinned on the front page as a discussion on reddit. 

"Damn this blew up!"

 I relish in my newfound internet fame. Well, for about a full 10 minutes until my door explodes.

"What the fuck!"

"GET DOWN ON THE GROUND! DON'T MOVE! DON'T MOVE! HANDS ON YOUR HEAD! GET DOWN ON THE --- DON'T  --- HANDS!

All I hear is a lot of yelling and screaming. I am fucking scared and losing my shit. One of the swat guys hits me in the face with the butt of his rifle. They shove me to the ground, stomp on my face, grab my hands and restrain me.

"Aghhh! Wha" Another rifle butt to the face.

A man walks in through my door. He has the FBI stamp on a bulletproof vest. He looks MAD.

"Are you ThisIsDark?"

"uhh, y -yes!"

"Alright, let's go!" 

Two of the swat guy pick me up by each arm and carry me outside to an armored truck. They throw me into the back and the FBI guy is right there next to me. 

"Let's go." 

The driver starts the car and we're off.

"What's going on?" I ask dazed.

"You know exactly what's going on."

Damn it's the video isn't it.

"You fucking pigs were exploiting us and you expected me to sit by? It serves you fucking right!"

He clocks me. Holy crap you really do see stars when you get punched in the face. Is my jaw broken? Ah fuck that really hurt.

"YOU IDIOT! YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'VE DONE!"

"What are you talking about?" I managed to scream out half whimpering.

"You'll see. Until then, shut the fuck up and sit tight."

The remainder of the ride happens in silence.

"Get out."

I'm roughly shoved out of the car by the FBI guy, but I'm too scared to even say a word. They walk me into this really shady building that has no windows. I am so royally fucked. They are going to beat my ass.

"Where are we going?"

No response. Yup, they are going to beat my ass. They take me into an elevator and we make our merry way. The elevator ride is about as terrifying as the car ride. I'm bracing myself to get my ass beat. The elevator opens into .... a surprisingly nice looking office. Kind of like those control centers you see in movies. Actually this probably is one of their "control centers" or something. They escort me to a conference room with a huge TV.

"Sit down!" 

I obediently get into a seat. Sitting with your hands handcuffed behind you isn't exactly comfortable. FBI guy flips on the TV. It opens to a naked guy sleeping.

"uhhhh?"

"Frank Giatto, 29, male, single, from California, works in fast food, no children."

"Okay?"

"He's dead."

"Okay?"

"Because of you."

"Whoa whoa whoa. You're saying he's dead? That's bullshit, for all I know you're making this all up and he was dead anyways. I know Apocalypse is just a hoax. I even tested it on Steve for the last couple days."

FBI guy punches the table and breaks a piece off. Oh shit I am going to get my ass beat.

"YOU AND YOUR RETARDED ROOMMATE STEVE ARE SOMEHOW FUCKING IMMUNE!"

"Bullshit!"

He starts flipping through pictures. 

"Martha, Oliver, Ivan, Satoshi, John.... All dead. Because of you and your video."

"I don't see any evidence."

Then he punches me square in the jaw again. Yup I finally got my ass beat.

A woman walks in.

"Chief, we're doing all we can: sending out videos, tweets, put all the TVs on emergency broadcast channels. It's not doing anything. It's a shitshow out there!"

"uhh ... whaaa?" I manage to pick up tidbits through the ringing in my ears.

FBI guy flips the channel on the TV again.

"Paris. California. New York. Washington. Berlin. Beijing."

"No way..." I say mouth agape. They were all practically half destroyed. Massive riots and huge collateral damage.

"THIS....is what happens when you talk about things you have no idea about."

"But... but me and Steve..."

"FUCK YOU AND STEVE. YOU LUCKY FUCKERS ARE IMMUNE BUT THOSE PEOPLE OUT THERE AREN'T. In about 12 hours, every last one of those people you see on the screen right there? They're gonna drop dead where they stand."

I have fucked up.

"Isn't there anything I can do? I can make another video, or..!"

"It's too late. When people get in a frenzy like this 12 hours isn't enough to convince them to take the medicine again."

"no........."



