"Fuck me. Where am I?" Gordon groaned.

"Zarlac! Why is he waking up?!" Chef Drago asked. His assistant rolled his eye, "I told you that we couldn't substitute a bunch of local anesthetics for a general anesthetic." 

*A look of shock and horror swept across Gordon's face*

Gordon: The fuck is this!?

Drago: We are sorry sir, we understand this must be difficult, but please bear with us, you should still not be able to feel any pain.

Gordon: I'm in pain alright. Look at the mess you've made here! You there! What's your name?

Drago: I am Drago.

Gordon: They use knives on your planet Drago, or have you just been tearing away at me with your bloody teeth?! I mean look at this! All these wasted scraps of me just littering the floor!

Drago: I am very sorry. This is my first time preparing human you see.

Gordon: Fuck me, I'm being cooked by an amateur.

Gordon: Right, Drago was it? What's boiling in the pot over there?

Drago: That would be your thighs.

Gordon: MY THIGHS?! 

Gordon: Your microwave broken Drago?! You couldn't find a shittier way to prepare me?!

Gordon: And what's that awful smell?!

Zarlac: I keep telling Drago to stop seasoning everything he makes with the durian oyster sauce. 

Drago: Shut up Zarlac! Nobody has ever complained about my durian oyster sauce!

*Zarlac shakes his head*

Zarlac: Never to your face Drago. The truth is before we serve your food we always remove your sauce as best we can, and add a splash of truffle oil to cover up the taste.

Drago: I do not believe this!

Gordon: You've got hear this Drago. You need to listen to your staff.

Zarlac: He does not even try his food.

Gordon: Is that true?

*Gordon takes a bite out of his shoulder*

Gordon: Fuck me.

Gordon: Drago, taste this.

Drago: I know what my food tastes like.

Gordon: First time cooking human, and already think you know everything? You're either arrogant, or too afraid to try your own food.

Zarlac: Try the food Drago.

Drago: Fine! I will taste it, and you will see!

*Drago takes a bite of Gordon's shoulder. A initial look of surprise succumbs to a look disappointment.*

Gordon: Would you serve this to your family? Would you let your children eat this?

Drago: ... I would not.

Gordon: You're better than this Drago, but you're not even trying. 

Drago: I promise, I will do better. I make a dish of you that you can be proud of.

Gordon: The fuck you will. I'm taking over.

*Gordon grabs a nearby knife with his teeth*

Gordon: Starting with fixing up these ribs.