“But Dave! How could you not like this toothpaste! I’ve used it for a month and my teeth are sparkling clean!”  Dave’s co-worker opens his mouth showing off his sparkling white teeth. Dave looks up at his co-worker and removes his medical mask. He retorts back with  “Did you use the toothpaste or did you also use mouthwash?” “I used mouthwash as well but I don’t see…."  Reaching over to the little table beside him, Dave grabs a device resembling a large glue gun. On the side, in black Casual Scripts, it says “Teeth Filling.” Pointing the teeth filling gun at his co-worker, Dave smiles. “That mouthwash did half of the work. I used the same toothpaste for a month and my teeth don’t feel 100% clean. Even after brushing. Now George, if you would be so kind as to leave.” George mumbles and begins to leave, but right as he reaches for the door Dave looks back up at him. “George! Wait!” Dave puts his mask back on and looks down at the patient in the chair. “What toothpaste did you say you were using and it didn’t work at all?” , the patient looks at Dave than back at George. “It was Doctor Smiles Cavity prevention toothpaste, Dr. Dave.” Dave looks back at George and removes his mask, a smug look grows across his face. “Dr. George! What toothpaste were the 10 dentists in this building supposed to use?” “…..Doctor Smiles Cavity prevention toothpaste……."  Dave leans back in his chair, still holding that smug look on his face. Setting the Teeth Filling gun down, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone to look at emails. The patient sits up in the chair with a worried look. “Can we please get this cavity fixed? I have a custody hearing for my kids in about…” He looks down at his watch. “…..2 hours” Dave nods and says “Yeah, we’ll get started soon. One second….I need to find this email…AHA!” Dave gets up and runs to George who is now moving out into the hallway. Dave holds the phone up to George’s face and points at a sentence he highlighted. “George! Read this for me!” George looks at the ground and like a 6-year-old who doesn’t want to eat his vegetables, he whines. “I don’t want toooo!” “READ THE DAMN SENTENCE GEORGE!” George yanks the phone out of Dave’s hand and pulls out his reading glasses. George begins reading the sentence out loud. “We here at Doctor Smiles would like to pay 9 out of the 10 dentists in your office in exchange for a favorable review.” Dave grabs his phone and points out to the hallway. “You may leave now George!” With his head down, George walks out of the room looking like a sad puppy tail in-between his legs and all. Dave shuts the door and walks back to his rolling chair and puts his mask on. Grabbing the Teeth Fillings gun, Dave looks down at his patient and smiles. “Shall we begin?”