A bright light. That's how it ends.
He knew from the very beginning his partners were weirdos. At first, he felt immersed in a Hollywood production. The gadgets, the computers, the equipment, everything was amazing! He felt empowered, and his goals were within reach. But after too many failed field actions, he was demoralized. 
On a dark evening, he suddenly opened his eyes. He realized what was going on. There was a saboteur inside. It was not him. Who? who was in a position to mess with the operations? The technicians! of course! they were the ones! a lot of technology, manuals, tutorials, education, and no results? 
He went to the mountains, and after a little digging went inside the old cave, where his uncle told him about the cause, and went to the very end of the tunnel. There it was. The old wood box. He didn't recognize the Cyrillic but knew what was inside. 
He went back to the base, and straight to the lab. The techs were talking and when he opened the door they all looked at him. He smiled back, and they kept talking. 
He was blind, how he didn't noticed? too many clues in front of him. They never asked for money, they have everything you can dream of. Good boots, warm jackets, new weapons, satellite access, it was a dream. But they never killed a single infidel. Never. They were always away, gathering information, and then, building the IEDs with precision. At some locations, there was too many soldiers, like expecting them. Aborted mission. At some others, they were practically ambushed. His cousin went to Heaven at a tourist hotel near the ruins. Everything was clear. They were all traitors. He was looking at one beautiful watch at a traitor's wrist when he realized what he was doing. 
He looked around and found the plastic explosives box. He tossed a grenade there and the other he held it in front of him. The 5 technicians reacted with surprise, knowing there was no chance of escaping the explosion that was coming. 
He closed his eyes, and felt peace. No more mistakes, no more sabotage, he was going to Heaven, and he was sure his replacement was destined to be successful. 
A bright light. That's how it ended.
At Langley, at Pulach, "La Piscine", the SIS building, at Lubyanka, at the Federal Palace in Bern, even in Ryad, the following days some people were closing files, destroying documents, and mourning lost friends.
//
ps: please forgive my grammar and spelling. Edited to remove the name and use "he".