New age tech is really quite something. Nowadays even chemical warfare is precise. Just spray the town and all of the enemies die. No civ casualties, no damage to wildlife.

Nevertheless they always send in a cleanup crew to settle the area. Make sure none of the old residue ever ends up staying for good. Just in case someone accidentally dies from it. That and apparently it doesn't do the plants much good.

That's where I come in. My job is to spray the plants to make sure none of this stuff gets left there. The suit and glasses prevents the anti-Chem from sticking to me because apparently, this stuff is more potent that the original gas itself. I joined the military as a non combatant because I never liked killing. All I had to do was clean up the mess others left. While I don't get to see much other than the aftermath, I also wasn't subjected to the military's training and discipline. I could serve my conscription in relative peace. Taking care of plants was all I did in life, culturing growth and life was something I always found joy in. Even a hundred miles from home, the environment deserves to thrive.

The glasses are less of goggles and more of high tech scanners, used to see in all environments and even colour code friends and enemies for me.

It's a hot arid afternoon, they drop me in and I get to work. The current patch is ridiculously thick. It's high and ridiculously round. Nevertheless I get to work. The clearly marked orange of the grass makes my job even easier.

Suddenly I see a plant acting strangely, it seems to twist and convulse, like it was a tentacle. Must be the wind. It's hard to see or feel anything in this suit. I keep spraying. The plant stops twitching.

The entire ordeal takes an hour. Suddenly I see a movement to my left. A small shape in the form of a boy is approaching, it's hard to see, the goggles always get a bit iffy as I keep spraying. I turn and I see marked friendly soldiers waving and running towards me. I start to fall back. Some of these kids are more dangerous than they appear. Anyway he is marked red for enemy, let the professionals handle this.

The kid keeps running, I don't know what the heck he's planning but I don't want to deal with it. A friendly green marked soldier steps beside me. I see the blue coded weapon being raised and turns bright blue, that's code for activated. I can't hear the shots but I see the recoil on the gun.

The red marker falls and slowly turns white. I shrug my shoulders, nod a thanks to the soldier and carry on spraying. The soldier seems to push me back towards the chopper, I turn to him and gesture that I'm not done. The plants are still glowing orange with only small tufts that bright green that signalled a complete disinfection. The soldier gets a bit aggressive, shoving me and pulling me towards the chopper. I shrug my shoulders and move on. Turning to look over his shoulder, I stare back at the crumpled figure that moments ago housed life. But it's strange, he's not there. That white marker is missing, the only thing left is an orange marked patch of grass.

I stop to get a better look. Maybe the glasses are broken. But the soldier loses his patience and shoves me. The glasses and mask shift off my face by an inch blocking my vision. But my nose can finally smell the outside air for the first time. A stench hits. A smell reminiscent of the time my uncle's fridge had died and he left fish in the broken freezer for days. Next came the smell of pork. The smell of roasted fat that was always present at summer barbecues. The fish smell was overwhelming to say the least. I fumbled to get the goggles off while boarding the chopper.

As the door slams shut. My equipment finally comes off. The last view of this foreign land I can see with my naked eye is through a small crack in the door, a split second before it slams shut. And that second was all it took.

I spent the next few hours on the chopper returning back to base. The soldier had come up to me and apologized, saying that he had received word that the town was about to be overrun. I fake a smile and a half-hearted laugh, hiding my thoughts. I kept reviewing the small glimpse of what I had witnessed. Contemplating whether it was a trick of the light. Maybe I was tired, maybe I was dehydrated.

Over time I fall asleep to the low rumbling of the chopper. That convulsing tentacle replaying in my mind. Only replaced with why I thought I saw in that pile.

Upon waking I reviewed the facts. I had never taken off my equipment until I got back. They told me it was regulation to protect me from enemy fire as well as the chemicals in my equipment.

But the boy could not be explained. His death and change in colour could not be resolved. I was sure he turned orange.

I left my post and joined another. An admin job behind a desk. Far from any plants. Far from any boys.

------

Sorry for formatting and spelling, writing this on a phone.



Originally I was gonna write this about zombies and civilians. How he was burning civs instead.

Edit: Rewrote it because I realized discrepancies in the colour coding and stuff. Sorry.