Being born in space, I was both human and alien. Alien in the sense outside, like alien used in the sense immigrant, foreigner. Yet my birth certificate was retconned to say I was born in Brandlesholme, Bury, Greater Manchester [where my mother's from, incidentally]. I'm 28 years old.

I looked human, was 100% human, but with one additional feature that was not human - I had abilities to warp time, reality and space and creating additional universes.

I was a human version of [Alien X](http://ben10.wikia.com/wiki/Alien_X) from Ben 10, only without the arguing between personalities that Alien X had inside them and a black-colored body with white stars. I was 100% Caucasian and had normal human blood etc., no alien biology here.

I had all this power, but with power came great responsibility. Yet I rarely if ever used it, and when I did, it was in sparsely populated places where few people were.

13 April. 2.00pm. I was in Glasgow, on holiday, going to restaurants, shopping etc. but one day I'd got lost, ended up on Sunnybank Street, Dalmarnock, Glasgow, where it was a wasteland with gravel, demolished housing, grid-iron American-style streets and 1960s-style British streetlighting on wooden poles. 

No-one was there - it was an empty patch of land with intersecting streets, and one abandoned white Ford Transit van that was caked in mud. Obviously some regeneration had been happening here, just slowly.

Now was the time to use my powers. In doing so, I created a new empty housing estate with modern housing, and fitted with [WRTL Luma LEDs fitted in a post-top configuration, their avian beak-like design being the trendy thing on city streets](http://images.philips.com/is/image/PhilipsConsumer/FP912300025535-RTP-global-001?$jpglarge$&wid=1250) and streets with modern names such as Olympic Way, Adlington Drive, Hoy Road etc. celebrating the 2012 Olympics.

I still had more work to do, but I couldn't use all my reality-warping powers constantly. Didn't want to put too many people out of work.

Would the Government find out? In all likeliness, probably no, they were too busy with expenses scandals and in-fighting to deal with paranormal and half-human things.

I would rather live a quiet life than be some superhero. Which I'm not of course.

I may have been born in space, but am no Starman [either the song or the humanoid alien], just a space-born human with powers that are either good or bad, depending on how you look at things.

Just going to have to live with these powers, they can't be cured but they're not a bad thing. 