I half cough myself awake with a dried out mouth from a night of heavy drinking. I have to force myself to open my eyes, because nothing can compare to the comfort of being in bed. I jerk myself up. These aren’t my sheets and this isn’t my bed.

 

The room has virtually no light except for a small beam coming under the door. The floors and walls seem to have a slight shine to them. Its a small room with only a bed screwed into the wall with no legs and a small desk in the opposite corner next to the door. I swing my legs down and it feels cool like metal. That explains the shine.

The door slides open like an automatic pocket door flooding in light from the hallway. The silhouette of a fat guy who takes up the whole door frame slowly turns into the outline of a giant slug. Its eyes are waving crazily around. Its sliding across the metal floor and smells like vodka and spicy hummus. 

“Dude, you are a fucking legend. You’re much better than the last ringer we picked up. We’re totally going to fucking kill it this year.”

I grab the covers and ball up into the corner of the room on the bed. I start shouting in a panic, “What the fucking fuck. Stay away from me. Am I dropping some salvia right now? Did you fucking kidnap me?”

“Dave, chill. We just had one of the sickest nights. You can chug beers better than any Gorbian. We got pretty messed up last night.”

“How do you know my name? Where am I? How can you speak English?”

“Dude, I’m an alien not an alien. It’s me Marlax. I picked you up last night outside that all you can eat and drink sushi place. You don’t remember a thing do you? “

“Well of course I don’t. I started browning out on that third hot sake. Damn I wish I had some salt with me.”

“Fuck you! Not cool.”

“I guess that’s pretty messed up. Can you just tell me what the hell is going on?”

 It all started about thirty-five years ago. Earth is a super loud planet that everyone in the federation has been tuning out like the annoying kid across the street. Just talking nonsense and being a loud asshole for no reason. Until you guys starting buying up the whole galaxy with that Star Registry program. We held a conference with the entire council, but someone on your planet ended getting one of the seats when they bought the Harleson star. Ever since then we had to include your planet in our federation games to see who wins the high council seat. Lucky for you, humans are the best beings at processing alcohol in the galaxy.    