Finishing off Abrakadabra with a bolt of white-hot lightning firing through the air, leaving behind a white imprint in space, Fulgur unclenched his hands from where they had been contorted above him; calling down thousands of volts of electrical charge from the clouds. Floating to the ground, a cloud of disturbed dust drifting around him, he grunted. It seemed like every new hero out of the factory was getting weaker - was the DNA being used up? Was the government not able to make these so called ‘heroes’ any stronger?

Wiping his blackened hands on the jacket of his once-white suit, Fulgur longed for the days of his youth. Of her. The one hero that he had let beat him, to take him down from his throne as the ‘World’s Supervillain’ - for a day, at least. She was nothing special, but she was true - a real hero in a world of artificially-produced clones. These heroes once existed, but were rare - heroes whose power existed from gene mutations, industrial accidents or deals with otherworldly entities. Ten years ago, these heroes would have been the ones to tackle him and the other villains around the world, until the government got ahold of a few, twisting them and taking their DNA to fund a program; a program that would create mass-clones of second-rate heroes. These clones had powers, that the government were able to invent to further their own agenda - they were nothing to Fulgur and his few supervillains, although these clones were numerous - and too many for younger and weaker villains, being overrun in their secret bases and laboratories. 

She had a profound effect on Fulgur at the time. Her power was simple - a book, within it knowledge that has been now long lost, knowledge to call ghouls and spirits from the earth, to fight and protect her from those who would harm her. Fulgur was a younger man then, a supervillain only just creating his empire, and quickly finding the full extent of his powers. Watching her walk, so confident, long black hair tumbling down her back, with green eyes and a nose piercing, Fulgur had been immediately attracted - after all, he might be a supervillain but he also was a man.

He found himself unconsciously disabling his traps laid throughout his fortress, calling his henchman back from their posts, enabling her feeling of victory and her pleasure in defeating the so called (at the time) ‘Strongest Villain’. When she finally entered his throne room, he gave her a show to believe in - firing bolts of lightning close enough to miss her and her ghouls, pretending to be held down by her minions as she attempted to possess him with her spirits. 

After his capture, he broke out of the government holdings again and again; they wanted to use him as a weapon, a power source against other nations, but he melted their holding cells and reactors, being defeated by her over and over - savouring her smile and pride, where all other heroes had failed. But then one day, after another one of his monthly captures, she had disappeared - in a government broadcast, it was stated she had fallen to one of his brothers, Ignis.

That day his rage has been immense; he had loved her, and she would never know of his infatuation. The war he waged against Ignis and his fortress gave peace to the rest of the world, as he methodically sought and destroyed his brother's secret laboratories and fortresses, leading to a showdown with Ignis himself. That day he branded Ignis, lobotomizing him so that he would never again use his powers, and would be stuck in an asylum until he shuffled off the mortal coil. Ignis did not remember her; he had killed so many others.

Shaking aside the memory, and walking towards the defeated hero laying aside the bodies of many others, he gripped him by the neck. Abrakadabra struggled against him feebly, fingers that could once produce magic now weak and non-responsive.

‘Where is the base’ Fulgur growled menacingly, hand gripping tighter against the burning heroe’s neck. 
‘Y-you didn’t even kno..’ Abrakadabra’s voice was cut off by a series of chokeing fits, wracking his body with tremors. 

Fulgur threw down his body with disgust. Looking around the empty desert of their encounter, he wondered why he had tracked King here, what he was doing out in the desert with so many of his fellows. 

Rising off the ground, Fulgur flicked the switch in his head to initiate one of his powers, creating a magnetic field around his body. Rising in front of him, the sand started to vibrate and lift up, and with a horrible screeching of metal, a large plate ripped out of the ground and flew towards him, only to stop at his head and drop to the floor. 

He had finally found it. The government research laboratory. It had taken him three years of searching, and he had been on top of it all this time. Drawing upon his power again, he made a ripping motion underneath him with his hands, and in a perfect line the ground split - the screeching of an alarm and the sound of tearing metal now echoing around the desert, the sickening music a backdrop for his powers.

Descending through the tear he had made in the base, he drifted downwards and glimpsed scientists, fleeing, running from the supervillain, as he headed towards the DNA chamber he knew was at the bottom.

Landing on the floor, the metal around his feet bending slightly, he saw it. A glass box at the back of the room, with a number of glowing tubes running into and out of it. A gesture of one hand ripped the tubes out, the other ripped the door off the front, leaving it skittering across the floor and smashing into the wall. He gave no mind to the guards behind him, yelling commands and firing at him - it would make no difference. 

Fulgur floated to the glass box and looked inside. A figure slouched down in the chair, with long black hair draped over her face. Fulgur’s world stood still. It was her. A tear dripped from Fulgur’s eye as she raised her head and opened her eyes.

long read but hope it was worth the time!