I have been on this planet for the last 15k years. They say that the soul transfers to the next dimension when you are the forgotten past. Every year the portal closes on me on the same day, January 1. The one day I look forward to seeing. But these mortals refuse to forget me. I have seen progress, when I was alive, I used to roam around in a bullock cart and now I see the people of this generation teleport. It is highly ironic that when I was alive, the only thing I wanted was to become immortal, rich and a legend that nobody forgets.
    But that has come to bite me in my ass. Death has simplified things, all my friends have passed away to the next dimension but I am still here, because of that one man I save all those years ago when I was barely twenty years old. I was going home, walking on the road, unlike the kids of this generation who just teleport where ever they want, our generation had to actually walk. In a dark corner, I saw a man. I thought he was an addict which is why I did not look at him and kept walking ahead. But he called me, "Excuse me."
I pretended to not hear him and quickened my pace.
But I heard him wail, again. "Excuse me, I think I am having a stroke. Do you have water?"
My entire outlook changed when I saw death standing in front me me in his form, I thought of my parents, friends and saw them in the wailing man. I ran to my home to fetch some water, luckily enough, I lived at a stone's throw distance from the man. I got him water and he sat down. It turned out that he had diabetes and he was not having a heart attack.
   He asked me to stay with him until his family arrived, and they did, in an Audi A7. I had never seen an Audi this closely in life, it turned out that he was a big politician who was strolling and not a drug addict.
    Politicians in India have a big following among the working class and this man said he saw God in me and that was the day he started spreading the rumour that I was the last avatar of Lord kalki and because he was a famous politician, these stupid people started praying to me and overnight I became a godman despite the fact that I did not want anything to do with him. He gave me his Audi as a gift for saving his life and even though I refused, he parked it in front of my home and hung the key in my door.
    His followers formed a huge line for touching my feet for the better part of the year and I had to ask him to tell them to stop. I started another rumour and they did stop. But they did not stop praying about me and thinking about me. One lunatic god fearing follower of the politician built a temple in my name and there is an actual priest who sits there, it is apparently a big business.
    When I was on my deathbed, I hoped that it would die with me, but after my death, the myth of my power (I did not have any) just grew exponentially, some claimed to see me fly, some said I teleported and what not and 1k years later I became an actual God. They prayed to Lord Ganesh and me at the same time. 15k years later, they wrote books about my mythical superpowers and some even claimed that I was the Godhead. 
   There is no hope left for me now to be released from this world, I am doomed to stay here, as a spirit, powerless to do anything at all.
    All this for saving a life.