To be completely honest, I think ordinary people should be jealous of my penguin. The penguin proves a constant presence. A fixed point, like the one leader guy from Pacific Rim said he was. A stalwart guardian. I mean, he doesn't actually do anything, but he's always there. 

Other people, they've got to deal with inconsistent presences; with protean social circles and broken relationships and shifting scenery. But I consistently hallucinate a six-foot tall penguin wherever I go, and that's faithfulness. That's a commitment.

Which is why when Lori asked "So what's the deal with the penguin?" I knew I had found THE ONE.

"Hell if I know," I replied, honestly, but not quite, because what I was really feeling was not dismissive confusion as my tone implied, but an agape passion burning in the loins of my heart.

"Bullshit," she said. "The six-foot tall penguin you have hallucinated every waking moment of your life is a symptom of having been born with a six-millimeter tall penguin accidentally inserted into your skull by the little gnomes who craft humans inside God's garage. This has been told to you eight times throughout your life by separate sources, and you have accepted this truth every time."

That was all correct. "Wow," I said. "Yeah, actually, I do know that. Wait--how do you know so much about me?" Something lurched in my gut. "H-have you been talking to my family?" In my immediate family, only my mother knew, and she had been in a nursing home for the last seven years. Had Lori--?

"No," she said. "There are two things I have in common with the penguin. One, I desperately want to have sex with you on top of a waterfall; two, I'm a completely imaginary construct of your mind."

Then she disappeared into thin air. Turns out I had been sitting with no one at a restaurant where I was eating food with no one in an effort to get to know no one a little bit better.

Later that day, I responded to Mike's "did you smash?" text with the penguin emoji, which had come to represent a general message of "I don't want to talk about it" for my friends. I lay on the couch, a little morosely, a little contemplatively, a little lazily, and I realized something. For once in my life, I was just an ordinary guy. I had hallucinated something that everyone else on the planet hallucinates, an illusion that is universal in its fakery and believability. 



