The smell of sulphur rolled through the room like a fog, and static electricity made the little hairs on the nape of my neck stand up. At least I wanted to think that it was static. As unbelieveably unnatural as my life had become, I liked to cling to the little remaining natural order that struggled on in a small corner of my existence. The hulking figure in the throne before me exuded an aura that would've made a normal soul terrified beyond reason. However, looking up, my Halo (TM) flickered a little, but its golden lights shone determinedly on. Apparently metal and circuitry, with a touch of divine power, were cheaper than the Spiritual Essence used to create the halos for the big guys. We just get the shitty, off-branded but somehow sooner patented (what can I say? The Big G wasn't really up to date on contracts beyond "Hey, I carved a bunch of shit into a rock, so we're gonna go with that.") version. 

Wait. Can I still say (type?) shit? I mean, no angels with gigantic flaming swords have come knocking, so I'm going to assume yes. You'd think I, of all people, would have read the contract more carefully before signing it. In my defense, my judgement was a little bit clouded at the time, and who would turn down an alternative to damnation? Regardless of any stipulations or clauses, that's an offer too good to refuse. But I suppose I should explain.

They say that all lawyers go to hell. They're both right and wrong. The bad lawyers - in purely the technical sense, so perhaps incompetent would be a better choice of words - definitely do. The good ones, however, are hired on at McMarten's Legal Agents of Purgatory. Some negotiate against Peter's Court, levying the pros and cons of each soul, defending against witnesses both divine and mortal. It's a bit segragationist, in my opinion, that only Heavenly souls can testify against the accused, but things have never really run extraordinarliy fairly upstairs. It's kind of like those "No Girls Allowed" clubs I used to run into as a kid. No, they weren't just Calvin and Hobbes bullshit. They were real, they were a piss off, and making a newspaper hat alone in your room is really just no substitute for the comradery of the real thing.

Other lawyers, like me, are grudgingly sent to intern in the pits of Hell. Our Halos (TM) keep us safe from such dangers as hellfire, harpies, and "The Overwhelming Demonic Presence of the Dark Lord Satan" as the brightly coloured packaging read. Clamshell, of course. The Big G must subject us to some form of eternal torment, I suppose. Technically, these are all internships to begin with, just temporary placements. Kind of like a foreign exchange program run by a university. Just much more cosmic power-struggle angst than a group of twenty-somethings studying in Germany for a few months. However, many of us, myself included, elect to stay on permanently, taking positions in the "Soul Exchange Evaluation" department of McMarten's. Big G allows it, most likely because he know that we piss the hell out of Satan. Yes, the pun was intended, and no, I do not expect you to laugh. I studied law. Don't expect much in the comedy department.

But back to the task at hand.

The hulking being in the throne leaned forward. The bones that the seat was composed of creaked as his weight shifted. One skull emitted a feeble groan. I wondered what bullshit he pulled that damned him to a life under a literal tonne of ass.

"For once, I would like to conduct my negotiations in peace." The voice seemed to come from all around me, and I heard the screams of countless friends and family members. No, more like felt them, digging at my brain with bony fingers. I shrugged at the figure that loomed over me. Average workday. 

"You know that's not gonna happen, Luci," I said sweetly. Once you got used to his presence, Lucifer wasn't particularly frightening. As long as your Halo (TM) was functional (and I'd been sure to plug mine in last night, though the golden radiance emitted from the dock once it was connected properly did make my studio apartment a rather too bright to get an entirely proper night's rest), he couldn't touch you. Think vampires and garlic. Or crosses. Or daylight. Poor bastards. 

I opened my appointments leger. It was quarter after ten CPT (Cosmic Planar Time). Thank god (again, I know. Don't flood my inbox about it) I'd made it on time. The wait at Cthulu's Coffee Shoppe and Bakery had been almost too long to risk, but like I said, charging halos screwed with a person's sleep. So I'd grabbed a mocha with a triple shot of espresso, and believe me, the caffeine content of everything in the afterlife is ridiculous, leaving me feeling almost too energetic. Regulations on things like caffeine and alcohol tend to be much more flexible when you don't have a heart to stop or a liver to destroy.

I was just starting to weigh the pros and cons of asking for a glass of water (pros: I was thirsty as hell. Water = problem solved. Cons: It was always just a bit too warm here, enough to let you consider finishing the glass but also hate yourself for it afterwards. Plus, it tasted like the worst tap water I'd ever had. And believe me, travelling for clients, you stay in a lot of hotels. Hotel tap water is a level of hell that I'd failed to experience even here) when a young man in a dark hooded cloak snapped into existence in front of us in a shower of sparks and another cloud of sulfurous smoke. I startled, and hurried to take my position at the desk positioned just in front of him. He blinked, looking first at Satan, then at me (or rather, my back) for somewhat longer. Didn't blame him. Luci could be a bit hard to look at, all horns and bleeding gashes and general air of fear and all that. Besides, when you're trying to sell your soul, Satan is a pretty expected part of the process. A lawyer? Not so much.

I gestured to the seat beside my own at the desk. The young man looked again at Satan, as if expecting guidance, then seemed to decide that that was a poor decision, and started towards me. Noticing what he held in his hand, I held up my own, stopping him, and pointed to the tarp situated between the desk and the throne. He scurried towards it, undoubtedly less eager than he thought to be close to the Dark Lord, and dropped the severed goat head with a rather unceremonious splat-crunch noise. He looked back, and I gestured once more to the empty seat. I was glad it had been a head this time. I tended to miss smaller implements such as knives, and I'd had one too many suits ruined by animal blood. You'd think for somewhere dealing with as many dead goats, cats, bats, etc. they'd have better dry cleaners. But, I suppose, this is Hell, and all your clothes always come back a little smaller than you sent them in, or with a wrinkle that you can't seem to iron out no matter how hard you try. I suppose Heaven might have better facilities, but I'm still a bit too shy to ask an Angel to use their washer-dryer. I can't see it ending well.

He - one Jean-Michael Palmer (could his parents not agree on one first name? It was going to make the paperwork a pain in the ass) - practically sprinted to and vaulted over the table in his rush to get at least four feet farther away from His Dark Eminence. He sat down. I sighed, somewhat impatiently. That coffee was getting to me. I had to pee. This was taking too long. But I pasted on my best please-consider-recommending-our-services-to-your-little-pagan-friends smile and nodded at Lucifer. His lip curled, but like me, he had business to conduct.

"So, Mortal," he growled from everywhere and nowhere. "Name your terms."