Joshua has had one hell of a week. He's been working hard to solve the biggest puzzle one can ever solve: life. *His* life. And in the past week, he's been given more pieces to fit together than ever before. This was the week of the trial, the one week he had long been looking forward to.

For most of us, our life in an experience of deciding where the pieces of the puzzle go. And our pieces truly fit just anywhere. The rest of the puzzle is still being made as we're playing, so it will adapt to everything we do. You can't really make mistakes because you will always end up with a complete puzzle.

For Joshua, that's different. He started his life with a completed puzzle, only he had lost all of its pieces. The story of his life was a mix of two genres: part of it was an adventure to find as many of the missing pieces as he could, the other part was more of a detective story, fitting all those pieces together as well as he could to understand what life he had lived.

Two large uniformed men escorted him into a large justice court. Joshua looked at all of this with amazement in his eyes. All of this was new to him. There were few things in here he'd seen before. 

The uniforms the men that escorted him wore were different from any uniform he'd ever seen, though they were more familiar than what most people in that room were dressed in. At least these uniforms reminded him of the prison guards, most of which were his friends once.

In the back of the unfamiliar wooden room, he saw a few familiar faces. He knew them to be his daughter, his son-in-law and their daughter, Lily.

He had only seen her once before, but she meant the world to him. She was the biggest piece of his puzzle and one of the biggest pieces he was ever able to find, fourteen years ago. Or rather, that piece found him.

"Hello, grandpa Josh. I am Lily, your granddaughter," was what had set the tone of the purest moment in Joshua's life. She knew him only by name and had come to visit him to make acquaintance with a grandfather she hardly knew. For her, he'd been a missing piece as well, that had gotten locked away. She'd finally reached the age where her parents could no longer in good conscience stop her from visiting him.

Back then, he was still having trouble piecing his life together, getting very little help from the guards. They had been kind to him... and also thought he was severely demented. But Lily had brought the light to his eyes, the will to fight to complete this puzzle.

The guards uncuffed him and with rough, sudden motions placed him on a large wooden chair, next to the judge's bench. He could feel the conversation coming already. It was one of those weird moments of clarity. Somehow he knew what was coming, so he could prepare his answer. Joshua was visibly excited, much to the dismay of most who were present.

After the judge had spoken her angry words, a wave of shock ran through the courtroom. Everyone in the room looked surprised. Some of that surprise stemmed from a feeling of loss, though most were simply appalled.

Due to the years he had had to think about what to say and the warning his senses had given him, he knew exactly what he wanted to say. These surely wouldn't be the wisest words he would be known for, but they would serve an important purpose: they would help him find his most important missing pieces.

"I'm sure I did, why else would you send me to prison?"

The eyes of the crowd looked at him in anticipation, again for different reasons. Then there was a moment of silence before he could hear the question he had just answered:

"Did you, or did you not, kill Robert Devries?"