The sound of a beeping alarm broke the night's silence. A large, hairy arm reach out blindly and fumbled about until its clawed hand finally managed to silence the infernal beeping.

Gruthar yawned expansively, revealing long yellowing fangs and a thin curling tongue. He stretched, causing his twisted and crooked spine to crack and pop noisily.

"Right," Gruthar growled to himself in a voice like a bubbling septic tank "What's on today's list?"

He rummaged around in the hairy folds of his stomach and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper. After smoothing it out, he scanned the list. Gruthar grunted, folded the paper, lifted a sticky fold and stuffed it back in.

Finally, satisfied with his preparations he eased open the closet door to little Billy's room and lumbered to work. 

"First things first" Gruthar stopped to take stock of the chaos that was Billy's room. The usual assortment of colourful toys were spread out on the floor, turning the carpet into a minefield for unwary feet. The various posters for different cartoon series still adorned the walls. Gruthar rolled his eyes at one particular poster that prominently featured an electrically yellow rodent of some sort. He couldn't stand the theme song.

Now, it should be mentioned that the room was pitch dark. But Gruthar and his colleagues are very, very good at seeing things in the dark. In fact, they prefer it that way.

There was something wrong. Gruthar's long ears tingled ominously. The hairy creature was just going to get onto his hands and knees and crawl under Billy's bed for his shift when he spotted Tongs sitting curled in a corner of the room. The lanky, scaly creature was splayed in a miserable position, her triangular head in her stubby paws.

"Tongs?" Growled Gruthar "What're you up to?"

"He's gone!" she hissed in reply, her sibilant voice anguished "Billy is gone! They took him!"

"What?! Took him? Who?!" Gruthar rushed forward and grabbed Tongs by her slippery shoulders, his claws digging into her scales.

"Who took Billy?!" His septic tank breath blasted Tongs, causing her slit nostrils to squeeze shut.

"I don't know" she hissed "Some men. They snuck into the room and stole him out his bed!"

"Damnit, Tongs! You had the bed shift!"

"I know! I know!" Her thin, yellow eyes started to filled with tears. "What're we going to do?!"

Gruthar pulled Tongs into a sticky hug, and said

"We're going to to do our job. We're going to find Billy, and make damn sure he's safe!"

Tongs squeezed Gruthar, seemingly comforted.

"And then," he continued, his voice a low snarl "We're going to make those monsters sorry they ever touched our Billy..."