Sprawled over a tree root, I slowly attempt to open my eyes. My face seems to be covered in blood and dirt, I slide myself upright against the tree and check my body for any scrapes or cuts. The only thing that is off is a bulge in the breast pocket off my coat. I reach for the pocket, with a slight hesitation in my reflexes, I clumsily swash around in the tiny pocket in a futile attempt to get this object out. I let out an exhale and take a big breath, I need to calm myself before I can get anything done. I reach in my pocket and pull out, what almost looks to be a pocket bible; it's black and faded, however the pages were lined with a metal that kept them all looking pristine. The books cover said, 'Samson'. Immediately I feel some form off strength return to me, not a physical or tangible strength, more of a euphoric adrenaline high. I flip through this book, there's runes scribbled on the the side of a few pages, and some obnoxiously titled chapters. 
"Chapter One: Getting to know yourself."
"You've done it again Samson! If you don't remember what this book contains then you've recently had a terrible encounter."
I stop reading the book for a moment, I try to roll through my mind and see if I can remember anything terrible happening. Well I woke up in a forest, and I have amnesia that's the aftermath, I'm sure my recent encounters must have been eventful. A bit more self-aware I dive back into reading.
"You need to get somewhere safe and read this book as soon as you can. It contains the many years of devotion to the art of Jahkim, or Magic as mortals call it. You have discovered a loop-hole to losing your memory, eternal ink. Turn to the next page and read the sentence aloud."
I tense up a bit as I flip the page, my senses flood with euphoria again. I grip the page and turn the page shouting the words, "Jahkim ovet deakon!".
Suddenly the book starts to grow.

Hope you guys enjoyed! On mobile and pretty early here just felt like writing. Will continue if you'd like.
