It was sometime during the plague when I saw her first.  This was back when “bath” was a dirty word and the quack who’d mentioned germs for the first time was almost burnt at the stake.  I’d just lost the three children that had made it through infancy— gone, all of them, to the ringed spots and the bloody coughs.  All around, people were frantic; Europe was desperate to survive.  There were poultices and salves and tinctures, scented masks and cruel amputations.  I was never sure why anyone wanted to survive it at all; the whole time was very unpleasant, to say the least.  My three best childhood friends died in childbirth before the age of sixteen, my late husband had been a sad old man (a ripe thirty five when they carried his plague-ridden body off on the morning cart), we were poor and ill and we lived in a  world where we shat in a corner and hurled it onto passersby below.  Those are the nuggets they don’t advertise on the HBO historical dramas.

I had been wandering the streets— starving, cold, ready to succumb the a plague that never seemed to find me— when I saw her.  We didn’t know what a “lesbian” was at the time, but I’m sure if I had, that moment would have been a revelation.  She was walking side by side with a beaked doctor.  I’d seen he doctors in the village before.  Usually, people flocked to them, grabbing with filthy hands and begging with stinking mouths for the austere doctors to please, please save my child, my mother, my brother.  But no one chased after this doctor or the woman beside him.  In fact, people seemed horrified.  There was terror in their eyes as they crossed themselves and clutched at packets of incense.  The doctor noted the strange reaction to woman; I heard it as they grew nearer.  She never spoke.  She never responded but to nod austerely in agreement with the gentle doctor’s observances.  She had red hair that seemed to shine, and eyes so dark you could feel yourself sink into them.  As she passed, our eyes met.  I was worried for a moment I might follow her, might be tugged slowly along in her inevitable wake.  But soon, she had passed.

It wasn’t until I saw her in a Starbucks last week that I knew who she was.  She was sitting in a corner, ringed in by the only empty tables in the shop.  There were a few scattered writers looking up at her from their scribblings every now and then, gazing at her wantonly.  A nervous man in the opposite corner kept glancing from her face to her bag and muttering “Goddamn terrorists…”.  Once, an older man even wandered over to her, his back bent and his eyes gleaming.

“Rosie?  Rosie, my love, is that you?”

“Sorry, sir,” she muttered kindly, “I am not who you think I am.”

“Of course.  I’m sorry, my dear, it’s just— you look so like my lovely wife Rosie.  Only she passed last year, you see.”

I sat beside her with no hesitation and sipped lightly at my frappucino.

“Certainly didn’t have these back in the day,” I said cheerfully.

“Certainly not,” she giggled.

We shared a comfortable silence for a few moments.

“We’ll never be together long, will we?”  I had phrased it as a question, though I already knew the answer.

“Not for long, no.”

“Looks like Drumpf’s got a decent chance at the presidency,” I stated.

She nodded, her red curls bouncing.

“And climate change has passed some new threshold or other.”

She nodded again.

“They say the bumblebees are dying out.”

“I do so love the bumblebees,” she whispered.

I met her dark, dark eyes for the second time in my many years.

“God you’re beautiful,” I whispered.