It's a beautiful day to be on the lake. Weather is perfect, the beer chest is full, and there's no one else out. Perfect day for fishing. 

A man in a boat sits in his favorite chair, enjoying the perfect day. He didn't know if he would make it what with the freak storm the day before. Halfway through the morning, and an otherwise calm morning it was, a huge cloud appeared and covered the whole sky. More lightning than any man had ever seen. A drastic difference to today's tranquil quiet atmosphere. That was until... 

"Excuse me... Hello? Anyone up there?"

The fisherman had been questioning his sanity lately. Surely he was mad because that sounded like a voice and there isn't anyone around for miles.

"Hello? Don't want to be a bother but if someone is up there I sure could use your help."

Slowly the fisherman leaned forward looking down into the water.

"Oh! Hi! You look like an intelligent man perhaps you could help me?"

Definitely losing it,  thought the fisherman.

"I know what you're thinking. This doesn't make sense."

"You're a shark."

"Well yes and no. If by shark you mean possessing all the proper parts necessary to have the appearance of a shark yes. But no not a shark."

"A talking shark."

"Again your powers of observation don't fail you, good sir.". The not a shark goes under water and back up again. It decides to try a new strategy. "Though I may be a shark or I might be a man or perhaps even some sort of demonic shark, which I assure you is just absurd, it in no way negates my need for help. I trust you're a kind man and wouldn't leave a helpless... animal in peril correct?"

The fisherman squints his eyes and begins processing this idea. In the damp caverns that are the corners of the fisherman's mind faint images come and go. Ideas form and crumble in an instant. Electrical signals flow like the power from a AA battery about to die. In a moment that seems like forever he comes to the only conclusion an insane man could come to.

"Okay, fish. Whattya got?"