"Dad, we're going to be fine!"

My kids always tried to re-assure me. I know they had some pretty incredible gifts, and they weren't in any real danger. But I couldn't help but try to stop them.

"Why don't you kids just stay home tonight, eh? Take some time off?"

My daughter inserted another chip into the slots above her ear, and moved her hair to cover them.

"No chance Dad, we're so close to a breakthrough!"

She tossed a bag at the wall, which moved to catch it. My oldest son flashed as his skin changed colour to match the backpack's blue and yellow hues.

"She's right. Every day we wait, more people get hurt!"

My youngest son came down the stairs. He was reading a map while filling out some paperwork and packing his own bag, juggling everything without even thinking about it. His training had paid off, and his precision was incredible.

I looked at them all. I should have been proud. They'd brought down the embezzlement ring at City Hall. They'd found the evidence that put the Kasparini Brothers away. And they'd made the news again with all the people they'd saved at the last minute in April.

They were the world's greatest financial auditors.

A woman whose cybernetic brain enhancements let her correlate records and tabulate expenses faster than any supercomputer. A man with chameleon DNA that let him move his eyes independently and read two documents at once. And a martial arts master whose incredible precision and co-ordination let him take notes and fill out Freedom of Information Request Forms faster than any other human on the planet.

But I couldn't help but wish they'd stop. They didn't know what they were getting into. And their latest target was dangerous.

"Come on kids, it's a bit of a stretch, isn't it? Plus, the new Avengers movie is on Netflix now! Why don't we just watch that?"

My daughter walked over to me and gave me a hug. Again I realized that she wasn't a six year old cyborg anymore. She was all grown up now. She smiled at me as she pulled away.

"It'll be okay, Dad. And Senator Murkowski's definitely up to something. The cargo liner's records just don't add up! Crude oil prices haven't been high enough to justify those charges in months. Someone needs to look into it."

I watched them go, off to the library again to search through old newspapers, or to city hall to look through old records. Or wherever it was they were planning. I sighed as they turned the corner, and walked back up to my bedroom.

My cellphone rang as I switched on the TV. I answered when I saw who it was.

"Hello? No, no, nothing to worry about. Yes, Senator, the oil prices have got them distracted. We don't have any problems. Yes, you have a good night too."

I put my phone away and looked at the family picture on my nightstand. It was so long ago that I was their hero. I'd taught them most of what they knew about proper record-keeping. I just wanted them to stop, go after other kinds of crime. But I couldn't hide from them forever. How would they react when they realized I was the accountant they'd been chasing all this time?

---

Read more at /r/CriticalHitWrites