Mm. Sunlight streams in through the window, and the cotton covers of my bed are at that warm sweet spot where I could just lie back, shut my eyes again, and... Sorry, how many? Almost imperceptible, the RC in my peripheral is a little high. Do I need to have this thing repaired? "Mom?" I call out. 


"Yeah?" She's already in the living room, dicking around on her phone. It's a quick walk to through the hallway and into the living room, but I'm distracted. 7212. 


"There's a bit of, uh." I'm clearly not awake yet, gesticulating toward my eye in loose circles. "Either today's really good, or really bad." 


"Yeah?" She puts down her phone, frowns a little. "How many times?" 


"Like... seven thousand?" 


The air in the room grows heavy, somehow. "Jesus. Should we...?" I nod. I go back to my room, pull on my outfit for the day, and slip my phone into my pocket. "You ready, honey?" Compulsory hospital trip. I just brush go to the bathroom, brush my teeth, run my fingers through my hair-- and away we go. 


We had to have gone already. Not-- not *already* already, but yesterday. My yesterday. "Wouldn't we have thought of this already?" I ask, climbing into the car. Seven thousand times. This had to have happened at least six thousand times, right? 


Ma pauses, shrugs. "It's best to try and be safe about it. Something must be happening today." She takes my hand. "I just want to be sure our family's safe." 


"The dogs?" I remind her, looking back at our apartment building. Already she's on it: she's calling Ann, my bitch aunt, and it's being dealt with. All of it. I lean back in my seat-- it can't just be this simple. Can it? Maybe it's not a health thing at all. Maybe it's, what, financial? I'd fucked up a little on a final a few weeks before, and I was still waiting for my grade back, but it couldn't be that astronomically bad. 


What's worth... Twenty years of my time? I could choose to, well, move on, couldn't I? 


In the hospital, we sign in: high Relive Count, just popping in for mandatory testing. It's a bit of a wait: I message my friends, I play that word game I'd installed recently... Aside from my little puzzle, it's not all that bad of a day. Twenty years' worth of time fiddling around on my phone. 


Twenty years' worth of time undergoing boring tests, having my blood drawn, doing the MRI and CAT scans, waiting hours for the responses: nothing, short of my mom having a small benign tumor. Right on the left side of her belly, and it could be dealt with with a quick scheduled surgery. Ann texts: the dogs are fine. I text my friends: everyone's fine. 


The day, overall, is fine. We're careful on the drive back, make it home perfectly safely. All fine. Twenty years of fine. Day turns to evening, and I message my friends: 


*everything's fine, lmao, idk what THAT was about*


...But come to think of it. Just-- well, maybe. 


It was all worrying, driving to the hospital and back, wondering if everything was going to be okay. Out of everything-- terminal illnesses, random gory death, a suicide of a close friend-- it was all just... A consequence of the RC, wasn't it? What really happened? The first time? When I didn't know what would happen next?


What was worth reliving this many times?


"Honey?" My mom asks, as I head off to bed. "Are you going to be here tomorrow?" 


Of course I am. I just have questions, is all. 


What happened the first time? What happened the second? What made today worth twenty whole years? 


I'm nestled under my sheets. They're warm. Curling up in the dark of the room, a part of me still wants to know. But the darkness under the covers is close, comfortable. I can just close my eyes for a second... 


Mm. Sunlight streams in through the window.





