Everything froze as an enormous shadow slowly encompassed the paradise in which Life resided. He watched as the shadow crept up to his toes in the grass and stopped. It stopped mere centimeters from his feet, not daring to touch him. Not yet.

The shadow manifested into a being, human looking in nature. Whereas Life seemed to be some form of creature made of all 3 states of matter, this being simply appeared to be a normal human. A powerless mortal standing so close to him.

This 'human' had on a long black cloak, its hood hiding it's features. In its hand? A scythe. It glowed in the rays of light, faces of the souls it held seemingly reflecting off of it.

Life reached out and pulled the hood down to reveal a woman. A woman of pure beauty. Beauty that inspired lust in all that gazed upon her. "Hope. You're as beautiful as I remember."

She looked at him with her big brown eyes and slowly smiled. "It has been sometime Sol. I've missed you."

He turned from her and looked at the stretch of land that had been behind him. The trees were decaying and the water slowly becoming still. "The time has come then. For you to make me yours forever."

She took a step towards him, seemingly wrapping her scythe around him as it began to grow and coil. "You were always mine. And it appears I was always yours. I knew this when you modelled the ones you call 'Humans' after me."

He chuckled to himself and then looked her in the eyes once more. "They could not compare to you my love."

"You always were a romantic." She leaned in and kissed him on the forehead. Her scythe wrapped around him as he began to dissapear into the weapon itself. She withdrew as her scythe uncoiled and returned to normal size. 

She was alone now. The paradise around her began to wither and die. Grass turned to ash beneath her feet as she seemingly sank into it.

Everything began to circle around her as she was sucked further and further down into the ash. She became fully engulfed, not a sound escaping her lips. 

Atop the ash was her scythe. It began to shake and glow. In a violent explosion of unimaginable colors, every soul seemed to be released. The paradise began to regrow. Trees sprouting up once more, water filling lakes, grass moving in the breeze.

A figure appeared. One so similar to the one in which our story first had its focus on. Life. 

And so the cycle would begin again. Life and Death forever separated until the day when the cycle must repeat.