He looked me in the eye for just a little too long. I knew this was no ordinary squirrel, because ordinary squirrels don't put their paws up as if to say "Chill. I got this," while cocking their head to the left and looking you in the eye for a lingering moment. They don't put their finger to their lips in the "shhh" way either.

At that point, I couldn't be sure if I'd been there for hours or days. The Yakuza had left me duct taped to a chair in a walk-in freezer, but the power had gone out during the hurricane. I'd actually only woke up when I heard the generator crank on a few minutes ago. 

Enter the squirrel. Not sure how he got there, but the freezer door was open, and I could see a dimly lit kitchen. There was a guy sleeping on a cot under the sink. Another guy was snoring in a hammock by the back door. They looked like cooks, not crooks. I could hear the owner talking on the phone with his insurance company from upstairs.

Once again, I noticed my rodent friend flicking his tail to get my attention. He then mimed driving a car along a road and suddenly swerving. It was then that I recognized him. He saw that in my eyes and he placed a paw over his heart and stared at me intensely once more.

First he chewed through the duct tape around my boots, and then he  took a look around and had a listen before he made his way up and freed my hands. From there, I removed the tape from my mouth and chest. 

We both started and looked around as the juke box from the bar in the back suddenly hit that point in it's cycle where it just freakin' plays a song when no one was expecting it. They program them like that to influence patrons to spend their money and play more songs.

There we were standing in the freezer freaking out, and neither of the sleeping beauties had stirred an inch. 

The squirrel and I crept slowly toward the bathroom; him on my right shoulder as I crouched and stepped softly. I figured we could get out the window and be gone without being noticed. I sent him ahead, and he climbed a tree; looked around, and then gestured for me to come on out.

We shared a smoke, and went our way. I only ever saw him one more time. It was a money drop for the Italians. 