When he finished he put it back into the display case full of his other trophies. He had taken it from the Grand Warlord of Nor IV, one of his easiest conquests.

"But you must agree Admiral that it is a waste of our resources. Why invade when they clearly are killing themselves? We don't even need to wait that long, maybe 200 years, before they have reached a point where we don't have send an entire fleet."

"Waste? The vast resources of this system make an invasion worth the effort. They don't know what lurks under the surface of their gas giant, or under the ice of double planetoids. Their probes are laughable in their tools, and they haven't even yet set up optics to spot our ships."

"But consider this, while they might not have space faring capabilities they do have weapons that they could point at us. There will be losses. Reports make it clear that they are highly tribal and pointing those weapons at each other at the moment. They are arguing with themselves, with tensions rising. They are on the verge of not just stopping and reversing the warming of their planet, but controlling their climate and weather. They are stumbling into artificial intelligence, and are showing the first signs of accidentally releasing an unbound AI upon their communication networks. They are showing signs of possible disease outbreaks, even after clearly having control for decades."

"Your point captain?"

"My point is that we don't need a fleet. We need patience. We could probably speed up the process a bit. Our medical technology would allow us to look like them. I know that chemical warfare is not honorable, but we could modify our technology to speed up the warming of their climate. We could sponsor one or more of the unstable nations to pose a threat. We could introduce our own AI into their system. On their own, we could see a collapse in 200 cylces. With some help we could see one in 50. They can't detect us right now, and we have full ability to monitor them. Small, subtle moves can create massive change. Unstablize the planet, help them destroy themselves, and we can swoop in once all their bombs are dropped. Teraforming technology has taken some great leaps in cleaning up our own radioactive messes, and what they can do is nothing compared to what we did."

"A little patience and we won't be risking anything?"

"Exactly."

"Any ideas on where to start?"

"Well, one of the more powerful nations is going to be holding elections soon. I think we can get one of our own in there to shake things up. It might take two of their election cycles to get someone into the top, but I think I have the perfect candidate."

A thin sheet of transparent glass like material was set on a desk in front of the admiral, reports and photos slowly cycled across from it. 

"He looks... a bit like us. This is already someone on that planet?"

"The orange skin and yellow hair will save our medical professionals some work, and I can have a team ready to replace him as soon as we have his replacement ready."

The admiral considered it. He tapped his desk a few times as the idea rolled over in his head. "Are you also picking him because his name is similar to my ancestral clan's?"

"No sir, I wasn't aware you had that in common," the captain said with his best poker face.

"Very well," the admiral said with a slap on his desk. "I want this Trump replaced as soon as possible."

"We should be able to get it done soon. A window will open at what is called a White House Press Dinner I believe, if not then soon after."