I sent this prompt on discord to the group I DM. One of my members, Enhanced_Human, tried his hand at it. He doesn’t have a reddit account, so he asked me to post it. All credit to him. (Sorry for weird formatting, copy-pasted from the google doc he sent me)

—-

Goddamn Paladins.
I swear, every single one I come across is always some Lawful Good, stick-up-the-ass, cocky, self-righteous POS. They're a huge reason of why I quit trying to find games in the first place. So imagine my surprise when my friend calls me up and asks me if I want to help him execute a player who was irritating at his table: a Lawful Good Paladin. He quickly apologized for not inviting me to their sessions in the first place, but I didn't care. I really didn't. The prospect of Paladin-wiping was enough to get me on board. 
So my friend gives me a quick debrief. The first tick was that this guy had a grand ol' time rolling up his stats at home, then showing off how "good" of a roller he is to anyone else. I mean, look, when you come in with your Human (not Variant Human, just normal Human), at level 1 and sporting *20 Strength*, it raises some red flags. For people who aren't complete nerds, achieving that stat at level 1 with regular Human is literally impossible without magic items. And he didn't have any magic items. I'm not saying literally in the figurative "literally" or the overused "literally" - it's *actually* impossible. But, my little chummer was new to DMing, so he didn't catch it.
I just realized that I shouldn't make a new paragraph for each gripe, so I'll just list them out: kill-stealing (and subsequently glory-stealing), spotlight-taking, over-acting (it's okay to role-play, but this guy needed to chill the fuck out), Lay-On-Hands hogging (only healing himself), REALLY playing Lawful Good, some weird shit, cheating on rolls mid-game, and various minor stuff. Look, you get the point, dude's the epitome of why I hate LG Paladins.
The plan was simple. I was going to pretend to "come in for a day" and "try tabletop stuff out", but really, I was going in with one goal: murder the paladin in his sleep, and make it look reasonably unintentional. The first part was easy. I set up an Assassin (heh) Rogue with damn good Dexterity and a shiny Wisdom stat, dumped Strength and Intelligence stats, and plugged Expertise into Stealth and Sleight of Hand, then two other random skills. Basic Rogue stuff, so my DM could hand me the sheet "as a supplement" like I didn't know jack about the game. I even planned to play my character as a bit of a klepto, so that "new Rogue" smell really wore on me. Still, this Rogue was going to be fairly effective as a, well, assassin. The second part, though? This is where stuff got harder.
Nobody at the table really liked Mr. Knight-In-Shining-Armor, so seeing his Paladin get shanked wasn't going to peeve anyone else but the player. So, we just needed to pull off some hubba-bubba that just worked. So, we made the following plan: The party was going to pick me up on the road, me being a weary traveller in search of a mask with "great power" or whatever. Turns out, this mask is at the same place that the party is going to (wowee what a coinkiedink), so they should just let me tag along. Some shit goes down, they get whatever they wanted, I get my "very important" mask. As we go to the surface, it's night, so for safety we all sleep together. That's when I put the mask on, "become insane due to its power and some failed Wis saves", and kill the Paladin, then kill myself. Paladin's out, I'm out, DM and I perpetrate the fact that "it was just same failed Wis saves man not our fault", and then the DM figures out what to do with the newly un-wed player. Sounds good to me.
Game day rolls around. I'm a former performer, so I know how to bluff when needs be. It wasn't hard to bluff being excited, though, as I was very excited for what was about to happen. We sit down, DM introduces me as a person, and eventually we get into the game. Blah blah blah, the party comes across me, I describe my Rogue, mentioning that he is a Rogue. I immediately notice that the Paladin's expression changes. Some more blahs and some more talk later, I bring up joining the group. Then, Mr. Rogue-Hater himself pipes up, in his holier-than-thou demeanor.
"Wait! I believe that we should test this individual first, to see if he is honest and good!"
At that moment, I knew that I was going to just *love* murdering this Lawful Good, stick-up-the-ass, cocky, self-righteous piece of shit Paladin.

P.S. I made sure to get in a good “after the Paladin finishes touching himself” quip any time he used Lay On Hands on himself.


