"one point four million!?" I asked, utterly exasperated. The angel chuckled and nodded, flipping through the pages of the great book of records. 

"Wow! I barely cracked the thousands. Were you James Bond and forgot to mention?" Beth snorted next to me. It seemed ludicrous that we'd be here. Side by side. From carbon monoxide of all things. Mountain climbing in Chile, wing suiting in the Swiss Alps, cave diving in the Yucatan. We should've been dead a dozen times over. Instead, neglecting the furnace maintenance got us. In my defense we were rarely home!

"There must be some mistake! Before I met Beth the most exciting thing I'd ever done was riding my bike without a helmet! She was the one who introduced me to thrill seeking! No way I have more than her!" I insisted. The angel gave a small giggle and turned the book to me. Merreti's, Julie's, Krügra, Mitzoyama. The whole book was filled with names I recognized, but couldn't place. Until one stood out. Repeated over and over like the writings of a madman. Starbucks. Over and over. My wife broke out into hysterics. Gallows humor I guess. I on the other hand was floored. 

"Did the baristas union have a hit out on you!?" Beth accused through her giggles. It made no sense. I had been a long time devotee of the mermaid temple. I even had the dam app. It helped that they had free wifi, and a shop in nearly every airport on every continent. 

"How! Why?" I sputtered angrily, flipping oven and over through the dozens of pages of coffee shops. 

"Usually an allergy as severe as yours would be noticed and diagnosed by a doctor. Or kill you before you had the chance to do so. However your belief that hazelnut was a "fad flavor" and "was for people who wanted chocolate but also wanted to pretend to be too good for chocolate" saved you. Although it was truly an error of fate that there was never contamination." Beth hit the floor in laughter, and I was left standing aghast at the dozens of times someone had tried to murder me with their insistence I try Nutella. 