"Who-"

"I have many names," replied the cloaked figure, in a well-practiced manner. "I believe you would refer to me as 'The Grim Reaper.' " 

"Then..."

"Yes."

"No! I can't be dead, I'm only 38 years old! I'm in the prime of my life, I still have to-" The figure began to pull a long scythe out from beneath the inky black robes, the weapon appearing to slip out from an endless void, concealed within the garment.

"Please, not like this!" The man pleaded and flung his arms up to protect his head, hoping it was all a bad dream.

A beat. 

Then, another. 

The house creaked and settled, and the man's mind, for a moment, stopped racing. He opened his eyes. Still in his nighties, in his bed, in his house. For the moment, he still seemed to be very much alive.

The man peeked out from behind his arms. Death waited, the scythe leaned against the doorway.

"...Aren't you going to... you know... do it?"

"I don't have to, you know. 'Not like that,' anyway."

"Then, there's a chance? I can challenge you to a game, or change m-"

"No. I just don't have to use the scythe. One way or another, you and I leave this room together. But I can allow you a few moments to collect yourself, gather your thoughts. Usually it's enough. Sometimes..." 

The figure glanced at the gleaming blade.

"...Sometimes people try to cheat. It never ends well."

The man sat up in his bed, leaning against the headboard. He looked to the red glow from his clock. Quarter past three. He glanced to his side, his wife, oblivious to the conversation, slept blissfully, unaware of what would await her come morning. 

The figure stared at him, watching, waiting, knowing all too well the look on the man's face.

"I'm not ready to die."

"I hear that a lot."

"Really, I mean it. My son, my little Jacob, he needs me to be there for his first day of school, for his first girlfriend, his first football game, everything! And Carolyn, who's going to take care of her, who's going to take care of both of them?"

"It really isn't your concern, anymore."

"Of course it's my fucking concern, I have so much I need to take care of, if I don't-"

"If you don't, life goes on, until it doesn't. People cope. Or they don't. It doesn't matter anymore, at least, not for you."

"...I'm not *ready* to die."

A silence crept into the room.

"Not many people are."

The man looked out his window. The quarter moon radiated the faintest of light into the room.

"...How did I-"

"A brain aneurysm," the figure stated, "Immediately fatal."

Another silence.

"What happens now? Where do I go?"

"When you are ready, I will remove your... 'Soul' from your body. You don't 'go' anywhere. Ultimately, you will cease to exist, except in memory."

The man began to panic, "You mean this is it? There's no Heaven? No Hell? No Reincarnation? Nothing? I'm gone, forever?"

"Yes."

"But what about the people who come back, in hospitals? What about the Bible, the Quran, any of it?"

"I do not tell comforting stories. Only truth."

"What about *you?* Where do you fit in all this? If I don't, or won't exist, then why-"

"I don't know. I simply am."

"I don't want to not exist. I want there to be something, *something*!"

"I hear that a lot, too."

"Isn't there anything? Any other way?"

"I'm sorry."

The man stared, blankly, into the face of Death, as realization and fear washed over him. Death stared back, as he had so many times before, and as he would so many times after. 

"How much longer do I have?"

"A little longer. Not much more."

The man looked down, tears welling in his eyes.

"...I'm so scared."

Death walked to the Man, and offered a hand.

"You don't have to be alone."

The man looked up, and in Death's face, he saw his mother's, and his father's, his grandmothers', and grandfathers', and uncles, and aunts, and his brother, and his mind began to flood with memories of family he'd known and loved his whole life, and ancestors he had never known yet could feel, in a moment and for an eternity, all separate and yet simultaneous, beckoning, welcoming, all at once, with warm, radiant faces of joy at the reunion of kin. 

Death spoke with a thousand voices:

"Everything will be okay."