"KILL. KILL. KILL." The sword chanted this with a murderous fervor at the tree in front of me.

"No. No! Do not kill. That makes enemies, and enemies are *dangerous*," the shield said. "Right, Cass? Safety is key!"

Before I could respond, the boots chimed in.

"Yep. Yep, I agree, no murder, please and thank you! Especially not trees, imagine what the druids would do if they found out!" The boots shuddered, causing me to nearly trip over.

"Be careful! Boots! Stop shaking!" the shield screamed, much louder than necessary. "Spellbook! Don't you have some protective barrier?"

I wasn't sure how it was possible for a book to smirk, but it did, gold-lined pages fluttering.

"Me? Well, of course, I'm top-notch, everything you'd ever need lies within these pages!" It flipped the pages towards the spell *Everything You'd Ever Need*. "Why use me for a simple protection spell when you could conquer the universe with my power!"

"No, we're not doing- OH NO! There's a rustling! In the bushes! HIDE!" The shield rose to cover me, as the boots ran in the opposite direction. From the edge of the shield I could see a large figure approaching me.

"KILL!!!!!!!" The sword lunged in the direction of the person, soon flying out of my hands.

"Hey! Come back!" I hissed, but the sword didn't come back. Despite the loud protest, I threw the shield and boots to the side and looked at the oncoming opponent. It was a huge wolf, with dark fur and amiable eyes. It walked forward unassumingly, looking not very much of a threat other than its size.

Then I saw the sword, poising for a shot at the wolf's underbelly.

"Sword! Stop that!" I said, reaching out for it. It dodged my hand easily.

"You're no fun." Before I could make a move, it went ahead and stabbed the wolf. With a howl, the canine crumpled to the ground.

"Oh no. This- this isn't good, not good at all," the boots blubbered. "I want to go. Please? Can we go now?"

"Oh my, what an extraordinary specimen of wolf," the book tittered. "The last of its kind, according to my vast amount of research. It would never have been possible to defeat such a rare and mystic beast without the help of me, of course."

"Wait... the last of its kind?" I looked closely at the dying animal. The black fur was slowly turning silver as the breathing grew more labored.

"Yes. You should pay more attention to what I say next time," said the book, annoyed.

"I have to save it! I can't be responsible for killing off a species!" I said.

"No you aren't responsible, blame it on the sword," said the shield.

"Yes, do blame me. This is one of my greatest kills!" the sword said proudly. "Sure, it was easy to kill, but I bet none of *you* have ever made a species entirely extinct."

"Spellbook! Come here!" I ordered. The book did a little page-pirouette before landing on my head.

"I am obviously superior to you," it said as explanation.

"Whatever, I don't care, I just need a spell to heal this wolf," I said. "Surely you are powerful enough to do that?"

"Well, of course!" the spellbook said, affronted. "What do you take me for, a pie recipe? With me, all the power under the heavens is within your grasp-"

"Yes, yes, okay, *where is the healing spell*?"

The book floated in front of me, pages flipping to one full of illegible writing and magic runes. "Only the worthy can read it," said the book, still slightly miffed.

"Then read it!"

"Yes, ahem, *UN MORT AVERSA PARS-"*

"Are you healing it so I can kill it again?" asked the sword.

"What if it attacks you?" said the shield.

"We should get out of here, really, *pretty please*," pleaded the boots.

"I wanna kill it again-"

"We should focus on your well-being-"

"AAAHHHHH IT MOVED-"

All the magical objects started talking loudly, as I stared at the now-trembling wolf. Its luminous blue eyes stared at me- how was it that I never noticed those before? It was truly a majestic creature, and a part of me felt some self-hatred for letting the sword get to it in the first place. Oh, well. The deal I made with the sorcerer was already done, now I needed to deal with the consequences.

The wolf stood up and shook dirt out of its fur, which was slowly returning back to the dark black it was like  before. It stared at me, once, before running back into the deep forest.

"Look, the wolf is just fine. Didn't I do a fantastastic job?" The book fluttered next to me.

The boots sighed in relief. "Okay. It's gone. Nothing to worry about, Cass!"

"You never let me have fun," the sword muttered.

"Now that we all survived that encounter intact, we should probably lay low and rest for a while!" the shield said. "Whole wheat bread, anyone? Along with not getting stabbed, it's important to keep a healthy diet!"

And so things went back to normal, or at least as normal as things would ever get with a rowdy band of magical items.

&#x200B;

\_\_\_

&#x200B;

With all the chatter, it was only the spellbook who noticed the odd pair of luminous blue eyes in the distance. One would think they were of the same wolf but these looked human...

*Must be a different creature*, the spellbook reasoned. *After all, there is only one possible half-human half-wolf species out there...*

*And I know for a fact there is only one of them left.*