278.

I could account for some of these numbers over the 27 years. That time I blacked out and woke up with a giant knife in hand comes to mind. That time I almost was in that giant pile up from a sudden winter storm and last second didn't get on the highway. All the times I was hit on the head, including that concussion when I was 19. All of those added up to small little circumstances- but would they really count as near death? My desk job wouldn't give me anything near it, and I don't think being near sick people in a doctor's office would count. Maybe that time I sat by that girl with swine flu in college? She made it through though, and I didn't even catch it from her.

My friends don't even have that big of a number. Georgia has only 2 incidents- that time at the carnival and that time at the theme park. Explains why she doesn't like those places I guess, even though one of those had to do with that guy almost kidnapping her. Harold is 15, and that's probably because he's a firefighter. Not even from the fires, he deals with some crazy people on runs. And Nancy, Nancy has 0. Her life has never once almost ended. Almost makes you want to do something to try to make the counter go up on that phone app.

I know why it's such a large number though. If it weren't for writing in this diary, I'm sure it'd be even bigger. How it's not bigger surprises me, really. Every time I leave work, I think about jumping off the garage. Could I survive 5 stories? No. Probably why I started parking higher up. Living on the 3rd floor, you might survive that fall from the balcony. You might survive the knife cutting your wrist. But you won't make it 5 stories. No way. Quick, hopefully painless, gone in an instant. No more feeling this way. No more being this way, I could just jump. End it all and jump. Maybe go take those pills in my bathroom. No, those would cause too much pain. The knife would cause too much pain. I'm fine. Everything is fine. I just need to calm down.

Huh. 279 now. I should go to bed.