The newspaper clipping showed a thin man in a yellow trench coat. Upon his head was an unnervingly accurate bee helmet. Small mandibles where his mouth should be. Long thin antenna jutting from his forehead. I placed a finger on the photo. The man stood on the steps of the First World Bank. A shotgun held firmly in one hand, a strange yellow device in the other. The caption printed underneath in faded black letters.

*David B. Billards, aka Ph.D. Pollen, seen moments before apprehension by Mister Memory*

My stomach dropped. Reading the same name that sat on my license caused me to stagger. I placed the paper back into the box. My heart was pounding hard against my chest. Nothing seemed to break my trance, not the cool air as I stepped out of the shed, not the smile of my wife sitting on the back porch. 

"Did you find your dads drill, sweetie?" she asked from the table, cutting into a biscuit with a small butter knife. 

"Did you know?" I asked, hoisting myself onto the wooden deck. 

She stayed seated, careful not to get any butter on her yellow sundress. Her soft brown hair was up in a hive cut. She placed her food down and looked up at me.

"Did I know w-"

"DID YOU KNOW WHO I WAS?" I screamed slamming my hands on the table.

Her tea crashed to the floor, shattering the glass. She gasped and recoiled in her chair. 

"What are you talking about?" She whimpered, tears forming in her eyes.

I grabbed the jar of honey from the table and shoved it in her face.

"I WAS A VILLAIN, A GODDAMN VILLAIN" I yelled "YOU DIDN'T EVEN TELL ME"

"W-what do you mean" She sobbed.

I threw the jar at the shed. More glass scattering into the yard. She screamed. Neighbors began to peer through windows and investigating the noise. She kept asking what I meant. My muscles kept clenching. Unending tension rising in my neck. I hit her. She almost fell from her seat. *I hit her*. I quickly stepped forward, my hands open.

"I'm sorry," I said, my face was burning red.

I took another step. She thrust at me with the butter knife. The dull silver slammed into my palm. She threw herself from the chair and ran. I held my own now bleeding palm. Neighbors stared at me, one with a camera, the other with a phone to his ear. I staggered into the kitchen. On any other day, it would have smelled of bacon and eggs. I pulled gauze from the cabinet, wincing as all sorts of cold and allergy medicines tumbled out. I winced, yanking the knife from my own hand. The bandages clung tight to my shaking hand. I slowly changed clothes, being cautious not to spill any blood on another button up. *Driving is out of the question*, I thought looking down at my hand. I stumbled onto the street. A few neighbors glanced in my direction but quickly turned away. I made my way to the bus stop. Police sirens wailed in the distance. The black and white car could be seen prowling through the neighboorhood, lights blinking. I shoved my hand into my pocket, the fabric around it forcing a wince out of me. A small drop of blood began to bleed through. The car crept closer. Two cops, both talking on a radio and urgently checking house numbers. I sat on the curb, putting my knees to hide the crowing dark crimson stain. The car stopped in front of me. A large officer behind the wheel rolled his window down. I could see myself in the reflection of his sunglasses. His massive yellow mustache shook when he spoke.

"How far down is 1112?" he boomed. I used my right hand and pointed back to my own house.

"Thanks," he said. The tinted window lazily rolled up.

The car rolled down towards the house. I let out a hard breath. The police car parked in the driveway. *Shit*, I thought, *the front door is wide open*. I stood up and started walking. Next bus stop was only a few blocks down.

---

The morning air was still cool when I stepped off the bus. In front of me was a plethora of chain stores brimming with people. My leather wallet, luckily, was still in my back pocket. A few people shot me puzzled glances; hiding my hand was futile. I entered a toy shop towards the end of the outdoor strip mall. The interior was completely illuminated by harsh artificial light. Rows upon rows of neon plastic shapes lined the walls. Early Christmas shoppers were out en masse. I picked up a *DARF* gun, a yellow and black shotgun model for young kids to blast each other with. I put it under my arm and made my way to the costume section. A few out-of-date Halloween costumes clung to the back of the shelves. A single Mister Memory mask was on a worn out hook. I threw the mask over the side of the shelf with a curse. A small "Bubbly the Bee" mask caught my eye. Its wide cartoonish eyes were a light blue with a fake glisten of light in them. Instead of intimidating mandibles, it wore a large pink smile. I snatched it up and took both items to the cashier. The girl manning the register was dressed in teal. She looked at me with an even stranger look than the bus driver. 

"They share birthdays." I smiled, handing her a ten.

I stepped back onto the busy streets. People pushed and shoved their ways to get the best deals that were really no different from the normal prices. After picking up a trenchcoat and some yellow spray paint, the plan could be executed. I ducked into an alley, supplies in hand. I sprayed the jacket down a bright wet yellow. It stuck to the cheap imitation leather in streaky drips. I took the gun and began to grind off the obvious DARF gun logo. 
 
"Uh, h-hey," 

I spun around clenching the toy firearm. The girl in teal, a cigarette in her hand.

"I know you did some bad things but-" She explained "I'm a big fan. None of the heroes even listened to you."

"Do you know what happened to me?" I asked, clenching a fist.

"Well yeah," she said holding her hands behind her back "Everyone saw it"

My cheeks went red. Imagining everyone able to see Mister Memory lobotomizing me sent a wave of embarrassment across my face. 

"What are you gonna do?" She asked, half pointing to my scratched up DARF gun.

"I'm going to get my research back." I boldly stated, putting my chin up. 

"With that?" She asked.

"What other choice do I have?" I said, dropping the gun. She stood there in front of me, just looking at me. She took another drag and put out her cigarette.

"Come with me," she said.

---

We sat in the parking lot of the police department. The string on the cheap mask was tight around my head. The yellow jacket I made was stiff from where the paint dried, with a few wet spots on the pockets and inside. I kept my hand tight on the real gun she bought me on our excursion across town. She gave me a peck on the cheek through cheap plastic.

"I'll keep the car on across the street." She explained, "If you get your stuff it should be easy enough to just walk out."

"Thank you," I told her, pushing open the car door and wincing at the pain in my hand.

I looked back at her once, the sun just went down across the suburban horizon. I walked towards the glass doors, legs slowing with each step. *What's pushing you?* I could hear in the back of my head, *That's not you anymore*. I held the handle tighter. I could feel something click. A slight twitch began in my eye. 

"For the bees," I grunted.

I slammed the entrance open. A tattooed teenage cuffed to a chair screamed at the sight of me, then started hysterically laughing. A cop was still at his desk. His eyes were wide, he slowly sat his coffee down.

"Pick it back up," I demanded. He complied, keeping his other hand in plain sight. 

"Evidence locker," I barked, he gestured his mug to a back room. 

"No," I said thrusting the pistol towards him "You go, I'll follow"

The pudgy cop slowly lifted himself up. I could see his holster on the desk. I followed closely behind as he made his way down a hall. 

"Hey Gene" I heard a man say to my hostage.

I pointed the gun over *Gene's* shoulder. Again, I saw myself in the reflection of a pair of sunglasses. A blonde mustache wiggled nervously at the sight of a gun barrel.

"Well," he said putting his hands up, "Gene you wanna take the night off?"

"If you wouldn't mind, sir," Gene said.

"You wanna let Gene go home to his wife, sir?" The other officer asked.

"You think I'm that dumb?" I said, "I have a Ph.D."

The cop pushed Gene into a wall. He threw himself at me. I fired. A bit of drywall was shot into the air. A fist connected with my mask. I felt the bottom half of the plastic crinkle and snap. He had me on my back, pummeling my face. The ring on his finger breaking up my mask and nose. I hit him hard on the side. He slammed down with both hands. My head was throbbing. 

"Come on *Bee Brains*," The officer screamed, "Use that degree of yours"

The officer grabbed my sidearm off the ground. He began to eye it down, checking the chamber and safety.

"You know I never really liked that memory stealing sap. The only way to really put down a mask is with a goddamn bullet." He laughed.

He slowly stood up, gun trained on my head. I placed my arms on my chest in pain. The officer kept laughing at me. Blood trickled onto my mask and back in my mouth. I put my hands into my jacket.

"You people make me sick," He said

I yanked out the spray paint, finger hard on the nozzle. A wide smear of yellow streaked across his open mouth and sunglasses. I rolled, a bullet flying past my ear. He fired wildly into the walls. Gene made a break for the fire exit. I kicked the officer hard in the shin. He hit the carpeted floor face first. I rolled on top of him, taking his head in both my hands. 

"What's going on?" The teenager yelled from his seat in the back.

I ignored him, slamming the man's head into the floor repeatedly. The sound of his mirrored glasses cracking was muffled by the carpet. I slowly got up, grabbing my gun from his limp fingers. I spit a mixture of saliva and blood on his back. The evidence room was clearly marked, and the door, surprisingly, unlocked. 

(PART 1)