-    "Hey...maybe it uh... It wouldn't be so bad guys." Whimpered out Happiness as the others stared in astonishment. Suddenly Anger bolts across the room ramming sympathy against the wall.-

As I stood up I could feel it happening. My emotions inside me Caught in a flurry of feelings, I reached for the door handle, suddenly something Caught my eye across the room.
 
- " Are we gunna do it guys? Is it really happening this time? Sputtered Sadness so quickly as to stumble over her words, almost as if she was somehow excited. 
   "NO! We can NOT and I repeat CAN NOT commit such an act, Guilt give me a hand here." Begged Regret. 
  "Regret is right, we can not take the life of another, it is a crime against humanity itself." Said Guilt in a proud voice. Slowly Guilt lowered his head and began to whisper quietly, "but is it a crime against myself to deprive me of joy. Is it what you want Happiness?"Suddenly the attention was back on Happiness who quickly began to panic under the pressure. After a few moments of silence and the sound of Happiness whimpering over the decision anger stood up. "JUST DO IT, YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO WHAT THEY DID TO YOU. THE YEARS OF BEING AN OUTCAST, BEING ABUSED, LEARNING TO PLEASE OTHERS AT THE COST OF YOUR OWN JOW." 
    "I Just... I just don't know. " whined Happiness
   Sadness began laughing from the corner, slowly she made her way over to Happiness. She glance at Anger and gave a sly wink. "Hey baby, I've been feeling a little blue lately think you can help a girl out?" As she traced her hand across Happiness' thigh. 
    "Yes, anything for a friend. What is it? Chimed Happiness in glee at the potential of finding a chance at affection. 
    "It's just one little thing. " 
   "Well, what s it?" Sadness leaned over to whisper in Happiness' ear and whispered, "kill". All at once the room flared to life all the emotions finally giving into the thirst, the desire which they had been fighting all along. 

-As I jerked my head over to see what was catching my eye I suddenly felt an overwhelming urge to ravage everything in my path. The shine from the light of my phone under an ash tray is what caught my eye. On the screen A text from Dad read, "I Love you son, you make me proud. " All at once a calm rushed over me like a cooling wave. 

-We can do this atleast one more day! Shouted Happiness over the chaos upon seeing the message the emotions all calmed down. Flushed with feelings that they thought where forgotten. 


