"Installation complete".

I stared almost nonchalantly at the words. Of course, I made the assumption that this was some kind of malware, a consequence of countless porn fueled nights instead of making worthwhile use of my time. I got ready to pull up my antiviral software, when my computer froze. Not again. I regretted buying this piece of shit. Over the last month it would intermittently restart. It was used, of course I should've expected this from a Craigslist buy. The owner told me it was a sleeper, a computer that looked like it couldn't do much, but was quite a workhorse underneath. I bought it, literally.

It turned off, then restarted. Typical after an installation. But instead of the start screen, another menu popped up, with a bunch of random names for me to pick... I recognized my OS from the list, Windows 10, the current standard. Underneath was CoVert, Lion, Horizon, Agency, Marquet, BitMine. A lot of different Operating systems. Maybe the previous owner was a Linux buff. I should've asked. Curiously, I picked Horizon.

The OS was a simple knock off of the old Windows XP from my childhood days. There was no fancy work here. It was oddly silent, no system sounds were present. There were a few programs, named Hong Kong, America, EU, South Korea, Japan. I clicked on America, naturally.

A list of companies in alphabetical order popped up. I recognized a lot, but others were obscure. Amazon, I knew. Pfizer? What was that? I clicked Amazon. A list of names came up. I clicked on the first one I saw. I got an error message. I wasn't connected to the internet! I looked in the tray and my wifi card had been disabled. I removed the Ethernet cable from my Xbox and put it into my desktop. Immediately I was connected. I clicked again on the names and suddenly, a list of associated emails popped up. Hmm, I could email these big shots whenever I wanted, I thought to myself. What would I need an OS for that? I clicked on his Gmail. A new window popped up. I wasn't sending him an email... I was IN his email. I made an audible gasp as I realized that I was up to some illegal shit, and I need to watch where I step carefully. I looked only over emails that had already been read. A lot of it had to do with some merger that was occurring? I just say on that knowledge for a second. I googled it, nothing came up. Wasn't this insider trading? Was that the purpose of this program? To garner information to be ahead of the stock market? Should I buy up some Amazon stocks? 

I should look into it later, I thought to myself. I kind of wanted to check out the other OS's.

I restarted, and clicked on CoVert. More email servers, a quick googling of names gave me a broad horizon of foreign diplomats. Scary stuff. A heavy realization occurred to me, that I could find the secrets of people in power. I wanted to throw up. Who made this computer? Was it for doing good? Or was it for personal gain? There were ways to make quick and easy money, there were ways to blackmail politicians. And there were ways to bring down bad people with news of their deeds.

I turned to another OS, BitMine. This connected me to another PC somewhere else apparently, one that could perform a lot more work I was assuming. Bitmining was something I was aware of, and it took a dedicated computer with a lot of hardware, and a lot of time, to get even 1 Bitcoin.

The other computer I was connected to must've been ginormous, maybe an entire server? Nothing gave away whether it was, except the huge amount of storage for data that was available to me. A small square program came up. It said start. I clicked start. Mining started, you can now turn off this program.


It never occurred to me with a server that big, there were people out there who were watching, who were maintaining the servers just in case.

Unbeknownst to me, they were already watching me.