The reality of the situation began to set in for Asivik, and the question started to seem much less surreal. He had to forget everything that he thought he knew about the history of mankind. As a scientist, you sometimes had to let go of some very fundamental truths.

But this wasn't something you could easily accept as truth. The known last ice age took place 7 million years ago. Ice ages work in cycles, but since the global warming had set the equator ablaze, we had not seen another ice age. 

Asivik had to be sure. "What ice age do you speak of?". The humanoid creatures shuffled, and a shorter, wider one surfaces from the group.

"You speak the sacred language, where have you acquired this skill?" A silence filled the room as Asivik thought of a reply. He opened his mouth, but was interrupted by the humanoid. "No matter, we will have time for questions later. The current situation is quite dire, and your return is a gift, Jesus. You must follow us to our chambers immediately." Asivik felt beads of sweat barrelling down his back at the mention of Jesus. Did they think he was Jesus? Is this what is mentioned in the bible as hell? Before Asivik could answer any questions, the piece of metal technology popped and hissed angrily as it started to lift it's weight off the ground. One of the humanoids clapped, and a bright light was angled behind the group to reveal a dark hallway. Asivik noticed that the banners and carpet in this part of the hallway were flossed in the ends, and the colours got somewhat faded as they went further down the hallway.

The short humanoid followed next to Asivik: "You see, exiled one, our society and secrets are being threatened by an uprising amongst the people. Many do not believe the legends, and are beginning to doubt our sights of the above." The group reached a catwalk that led further into a seemingly large area. The exact size was difficult for Asivik to tell, as it was mostly unlit. The catwalk cranked slightly as he stepped onto it, and the sound echoed throughout the room. The humanoid began to speak again: "As you know, we rule with a tight fist, but there have been an increasing amount of doubters among the people. So many, in fact, that we cannot keep combatting their efforts. You must reveal yourself, and restore hope that staying down in the safety of our bunker is the will of the sacred people." The group then fell silent, and the only sound was the echoing of their footsteps.

The catwalk reached a wall with a door that opened into another room that same size. They passed around 3 of these big empty rooms before finally reaching a different type of room that was lit with lamps. It was also much smaller that the previous 3, and was furnitured with furniture from very different time periods. Some of the couches looked old and tired, while the chairs and tables look completely new. As the humanoids opened the door, Asivik could hear the clank of plates, presumably from a nearby room. These rooms looked more populated, and as the group passed through the different rooms, they were met with bows and claps from the resident humanoids.

Finally, they reached a room that looked like an old broadcasting station. It could be from the old world. A microphone was pulled out, and one of the humanoids proclaimed something in their native language. Then, the microphone was aimed at Asivik. "Tell them, what they need to hear." said the small humanoid: "the translator is live."

Asivik could feel his heart beating. He hesitated while thinking out his message. Then, he held down the big red button.
"The Ice age has ended. The gates are open."

Muffled roars of joy and resistance were heard, and soon the floor started to shake with the footsteps of thousand people.

Asivik looked up at the humanoids. They were looking paler than what he had seen a second ago, and with a frightened expression, the small humanoid said: 

"What have you done."