My first writing since I was forced to in school. Here goes nothing...



Journal: October 5, 2024

33 years. It's taken 33 years for my first taste of happiness. Even as a toddler, all I was ever given was fear, depression, mourning, and gnashing of teeth. Do you even understand what it's like as a three year old to experience the loss of the love of your life, when never experiencing the joy that came before?! You sick fucking monsters. I will never know what it's like to love my wife, but I already know what it's like to lose her, 7 times over, not to mention best friends, grandparents, and beloved pets. I've read the only way to cope with these things are to remember the good times; what good times do I get?! Nothing. 

But not today. 

Today was different. I woke up without snoozing my alarm clock, with no night terrors or sleepless hours.  I see a smile on my face in the mirror.  The enpending doom I've always felt, wasn't there. I grabbed my Happy Time Journal (I named it when I was seven, and now get the humor in the name!), a notebook I've filled with things I've longed to do when I received happiness. I thumb through them, but none of them seems fitting for my first moment of happiness. Then, it hits me. I dress in what I now recognize as my favorite outfit, and leave to start my day. I get to the gym and do my normal workout routine. The treadmill isn't so bad, and Good Morning America has some great stories on. The adrenaline from the bench press is exhilarating. I feel so alive! I get dressed and head to work, at the job I've always hated, with coworkers who are the worst, and a boss that I cringe in fear at the thought of. I arrive, and am greeted by Martin, the secretary, as I am every day, but today, I greet him back. I sit in my cubicle, and make phone calls. The thrill of living a normal day when I'm actually happy, it's intoxicating! I grab my first cup of coffee, and laughed at a story Jennie told from her weekend. I laughed! Wow, this feels great. Steve, Grant, and Jake invite me to lunch, as they regularly do, and for the first time, I accept. Thai food is great! Who knew?? This feeling, it completely overwhelms my body. How opposing this is to everything I've ever known! 

After work, I go home to play video games. I pick up the worst game i can recall, No Man's Sky. Wow, this game sucks even when you're happy. Time to cook dinner. This is even fun! I love chopping the salad, and cutting the meat is so satisfying! 

As I'm sitting down to watch TV and relax for the evening, I'm reminded of yesterday for whatever reason, which seems a lifetime away. I'm also reminded of what tomorrow will be. Then it hits me, I need more happiness. I know I can't receive it. I'm reminded of the world, and how everyone has always been so quick to dump their awful emotions on me for the last 33 years. I can't go another 33 years without this feeling, this rush, I can't go back to what I've felt all my life.

[The following paragraph is not legible through the blood and brain matter strewn across the page. All that's legible is the final line.]

At least I know what a normal happy day is like. At least now I'll die happy. 