Henry cheated death for the first time as a 7-year-old, when he almost drowned in the neighborhood pool. He was underwater for 16 minutes. The doctors called it a miracle.

Henry cheated death again when he was 25, when he failed to properly secure his rope while climbing El Capitan. He fell over 300 feet. This could be verified, because other climbers had captured the fall on their smartphones. He was on the news. The experts said he fell just the right way, the only way he could have fallen and survived.

Henry cheated death for the third and final time at age 34. No one was around to see it. He had gone surfing off the California coast. He knew that he shouldn’t go alone, but there wasn’t much risk. A shark had pulled him under. He lost his leg first, but he didn’t lose consciousness until the shark bit into his neck. When he woke up, he was thirty feet under on the ocean floor and it was the middle of the night. He swam back to the beach, limbs intact, and drove back to his apartment.

The shark attack was the last time that Henry cheated death, because it convinced him, for certain, that he couldn’t die. He couldn’t rationalize it away. He was invincible.

That same night, he had gone to the roof of his apartment building, steeled his nerves, and jumped. He hit the ground hard, heard his bones crunch in the split-second that it took for him to black out, and then awoke, unharmed. Death 4.

He had repeated the process. He made his way back to the top of the building, jumped, and lived. Death 5. He did it again. Death 6. He did it again. Death 7. He did it again. Death 8. He did it again, and he died.
This time, he found himself in a void, black in every direction, except for the glow of a tablet computer that Henry held in his own hand.

The tablet was playing a video, showing footage from each of his nine deaths. The drowning, the fall, the shark attack, and six jumps off the apartment building. He saw his dead and mangled body. He saw his family mourning, nine different ways. He saw the universes that continued on without him.

Then the video looped, and words appeared:
“Score: 34 (next level at 35)”
“Lives: 0/9”

Below these, there was a button labeled “Retry?” and a timer counting down from 10… 9... 8… 7…

Henry cried out into the void, “What is this? What am I supposed to do?” But he received no answer.

6… 5… 4…

He cried, “Will it be the same or will it change?” But he received no answer.

3… 2…

His finger shaking, Henry pressed the “Retry?” button, and emerged from the womb. He grew up, made new choices, and lived 22 years before he died. He never lived longer than 34 years, his longest possible life.
