I really wasn't sure what to make of this errand.

Sure, while studying at university, Dafaris had been my favorite professor. How could he not have been? He made even the most complex spells look nearly effortless. Some of the complex weaves he performed \- especially while distracted, showing the value of muscle memory for common somatic components. He was the teacher who enjoyed the low\-level classes to instill and reinforce wonder, and the high\-level classes to share that wonder.

He always made time for his students if they asked. He and I became friends during my final year \- I'd meet him at a pub at least once a week, and that continued after my graduation, albeit monthly. Over the last year, I'd strived to make it more often, because I had seen it. His vigor was gone; he had taken to using a cane, and while he still loved to reminisce, the details kept getting fuzzier. When he had to skip a meetup, I was worried, but pushed it out of my mind.

When I received the summons from the university, I could not suppress the fear and doubt.

The note was short, especially as the university board's publications went: "As one of our esteemed alumni, we know of both your substantial skill and your desire to help the world. While most students pursue paths outside of the university, a unique task has arisen, and our colleague Dafaris has specifically requested you to take it on. He will share with you the details; attached is a sigil which will allow you \- and only you \- to travel to his home. If you cannot undertake this task, please let us know immediately."

Dafaris had asked; I had to go.

I used the sigil, and ended up at a small, peaceful farm \- a quick positional attunement spell revealed that I was in France, but far from any city. It had a great view of the sea, and was a nice cottage \- not huge, but certainly comfortable. I made my way to it.

I knocked, and I heard rustling inside. After a moment, his wife \- who I had met perhaps twice \- answered the door. She looked exhausted, and the tear stains on her cheek told me how dire his health was. "Oh, Evras, I'm so glad you could make it. Lapisque doesn't have much time left."

"Lapisque? Don't you mean Dafaris?"

"Yes, but, it's complicated. Come inside."

She led me up to his room. I barely maintained my composure; Dafaris was jaundiced, and his breathing was labored.

"Evras, as you can see, my dear Lapisque doesn't have much time left. He hasn't been conscious in three days; the first I just thought he was getting some rest, but now I fear that... that it may be... final."

I tried to put my hand on her shoulder to provide some measure of comfort. "I... never thought I'd see the day. Dafaris always seemed so lively. What happened?"

She responded, "It's some sort of cancer. Aggressive \- none of his spells could even slow it."

"Cancer? That... doesn't make sense. Hell, Dafaris explained in my first year that Wizards analyze themselves as they cast spells, and stop if their health isn't stable. He'd have noticed it early, and the university board..."

"The board tried and couldn't help Lapisque\-"

"What? Why? And why do you keep calling him Lapisque?"

She sighed. "Lapisque is Dafaris's original name. He was born thousands of years ago."

"Th\- Thousands?"

"Yes. When he was born, his parents didn't realize it, but they were of different lines of sorcerors."

"Wait, Dafaris \- er, Lapisque \- is a sorceror? That doesn't make sense! He's a wizard!"

"He's both. Like any sorceror, his power manifested during puberty... and it was incredible. The raw power he could weave into spells was immense, but it was so great he lacked control. After an incident that killed his father, he sought sorcerors to help him, but none could help teach him control \- so he sought wizards. They could teach him control \- they helped him seal his power, and he worked hard to burn off the excess regularly."

"That's why his spells were so effortless! He wasn't just pulling the power from outside \- he was simply allowing his power out!"

"Exactly. To maintain his secret, he helped establish the university. He's gone through dozens of names, as his innate power and precise control extended his lifespan twenty\-fold."

"I never knew..."

She sighed. "He didn't want anyone to know. The university board nearly forgot, until I sent them a message reminding them. He also asked me to send for you."

"Why? I don't\-"

"You have to have some idea now."

"No... I can't help save him. He taught me well, but anything that aggressive... Oh.... The cancer \- it was probably caused by the sealed energy he couldn't spend!"

"Right. But he needs you to ensure his legacy."

"His... legacy? What.... oh, no..."

His innate spells. Anything powered by his sorcerous energy would unravel with his death. University buildings could crumble. Averted natural disasters could occur. Creatures would be unbound.

"But how can I help? There's no way I could find every spell he had cast in time!"

"Lapisque had been working on a plan for that. He didn't explain it to me, but I have an inkling." She opened a drawer. "More importantly, he left a memory crystal."

I picked up the blue crystal. An apparition appeared sitting on the end of the bed.

"Evras, I'm glad you made it. By now, Kelleth has explained the situation. I need you to make sure you've sat down, because there probably isn't much time."

I sat down in a chair.

The apparition continued: "I've lived a good life; it's sad, but all lives end. I've had more than my fair share, and I'm content to pass. But the damage that would be done is horrific, because I called on my power too often. I needed to \- if I didn't burn off that energy, it started to pulse and ache. Now, that power exists throughout the world, and when I pass, it will be gone."

There was a moment of silence. I was tearing up.

"There is a way to stop the destruction \- to keep my secret, save untold numbers of people, and help keep the wonder in the magic I taught. It will be difficult for you, but I know you can do it. While I was trying to find a cure, I figured out my sorcerous origin \- why there was so much power. More importantly, I realized I could light that spark in others \- turn them to sorcerors. You are my first choice \- who else could it be? You respected your elders, you tried to help others, and you learned well."

I was crying now, and Kelleth had started as well.

"I have devised a set of linked spells to solve the problem. The first shares my knowledge with you. It may not be perfect due to my age, but you would know how to control sorcerous power, what spells I had weaved with my own, and every spell and technique I had \- at least that I remember. The second is the one that, critically, ignites the spark in you. It will hurt \- I can't fix that \- but it won't kill you. The third is the most crucial \- it's a unique enchantment, and I am proud of it. It transfers the energy link from each spell to you. It sounds like a heavy burden, but it's not, because it happens at this point in the chain. The fourth and final will create a seal similar to my own, albeit improved \- it might prevent my fate from befalling you. It also prevents the paradox from creating your power and sealing it, but my passing removing it."

I was in awe... the complexity that would require...

"I simply need you to make me a few promises. I need you to help take care of Kelleth \- she's my world, and while someday she'll join me on the other side, I want that to be as far off as possible, and the time in between filled with joy."

Kelleth started to sob.

"I also need you to stabilize my work. Expend sorcerous energy on temporary things, and practice your precise magic on things with permanence. Find my spells, and re\-weave them."

"I will."

Kelleth laughed. "You know his illusion can't hear you, right?"

I felt stupid for a moment. "I... guess I forgot. But I needed to say it out loud, so I know what I'm promising."

In between his labored breaths, I felt a small pulse of energy from Lapisque \- the real Lapisque.

Kelleth went back to the drawer, which now contained a second crystal. It wasn't there before. This was not for reminiscing \- this one bristled with raw power. "I think you know what to do with this. I don't know what will happen when you do \- I may be a talented wizard in my own right, but some of these threads are beyond me \- but I'll watch over you while you recover."

She handed me the crystal. It was a brilliant gold, with other colors shining through. She was right \- the threads of energy in the lattice were so complex, so saturated with energy. If not used properly, the crystal may as well have been a nuclear bomb. It was only kept in check with precise spellweaving from my mentor. It offered immense power... and a terrific burden. A burden that my best friend had entrusted me with...

I unlocked the crystal. All I could see turned golden, and the knowledge and magic started to flood into me.