"Its not about the powers you have dear. Its about how you use them." my mother's words echoed in my head. In my drunken stupor, I don't recall why I would think about that moment as I took another sip of my now warm beer. 

The run down bar was dimly lit with a few naked bulbs that swayed as patrons milled around. I scoffed as I looked around, sipping more beer and wondering why so many losers were here. "Bartender!" I screeched. The bartender hurried over. His posture was that of timid man, but his eyes had seen it all. He was the most well-put together person at the bar with a clean pressed shirt and a thick well maintained curly mustache. In another world, he could have been a carnival worker. "Another, sir?" He asked. You glare at him. He gets the message and with a wave of his hands and a single word "Shazam!", beer pours into my glass. 

"You don't have to use finger guns every time, ya'know." I take a large swig and hear the bartender squeak "$7, please!" 
I grumble about not have to buy beer for the bar with free beer literally coming out of your hands as I reached for mywallet.

BOOM

The bar rocks as a gang of thugs kick in the door. Really preppy well-to do college frat thugs.

"Well, well, well, look at what we have here. A drun..."

I cut the frat thug off. "Look. Chad..." 

"My name's not Chad"

"I don't care." My words slur together, "Do you know who I am?" I ask as I stumble to the light switch and, with a flourish, turn off the light. The bar goes dark and with purpose I crack each finger. I somehow had the time to teach myself to crack each finger just by itself. It still ranks as my highest achievement to date. I grin as my fingers and then my hand lights up with each crack. It glows a sickly radioactive green.

"I am Ligh..." A fist to the side of my face stops my sentence short.

I stagger a bit as I try again and another punch connecting with my gut makes me stumble to the ground.

"Hey! His light up hands makes him easier to see him and punch him!" Chad gleefully explains. A rain of fist follow his comment as his other bros agree.

"Shit! He's right!" I stuff my hands in my ratty hoodie, hoping I can surprise them with a sickly glowstick light guided punch. The flurry of punches turn to kicks. I dodge a few before one connects with my manhood. My eyes water as I glance down. The two dimly glowing orbs of hands sit above my junk. They are no better then lights on a landing strip and the gangs' kicks were landing. Hard. 

I groan a bit before curling up on the ground and try my bestto cover my hands and junk. It felt longer then it was as the gang grew tired of a passive unresponsive drunk barely reacting to their assault.

"Know your place." Chad spat as he landed a final kick.

I waited a bit before I uncurled, exhausted from such a tough fight. I wheezed a bit as I collected myself. My body, sprawled out on the floor, screamed for a drink.

"Bartender!" I screeched. "Drink...."

"You should really learn how to fight....rave man?"

"Fuck y..." 

"Shazam!"

My mouth filled with cool beer cutting off my verbal lashing.

I still hate finger guns.

