A few years ago I was chosen to be part of the crew on project S.A.A (search for alien artifacts) to be taken place on Mars. 

It was always my dream to become an explorer. Since I was a child I had dreamed of landing on new planets and documenting every discovery. As a child, I used to have a little notebook my father gave me. I would take it everywhere, and every-time I found something new I would document it, just like an Explorer would. It was always my dream. 

These days they send droids and probes to do the exploring. It used to be old school. It used to be ships, but in 2995 someone decided that people weren’t good enough to explore anymore. They said we needed to much. Resources or whatever, I never understood it. At 15 years old I thought my life long dream would never come true. Until the Reckoning that was. Thats a whole different story, maybe I’ll tell you some time, but basically the AI they used had a bug, a pretty major bug, and they didn’t work as well as intended. There was over 200 probes on 50 different planets by now, all with this bug. Its the year 2995 and people still couldn’t update software wirelessly, but who am I kidding? That was when they opened up the D.O.G.S Training facility (Department of Geographic Study) and I finally had my chance of going to space. I excelled at every class, hit every star (literally, training Simulation) and I passed best of the Generation at 19 years old. I was so happy. It was the best achievement of my life. 

So now, in the year 3002 I was chosen so go on a once in a life time mission to investigate a huge crater on Mars, that the blasted AI couldn’t get to. We were also on call to fix the probe. S.A.A was created from a team of 12. Myself being one of them. What a dream. 

2 days before launch, and something was wrong. The droid deployed to us was faulty. But control told us to take it anyway. Should have let that be the first sign. But we trudged on with our mission, blasting off with a faulty droid of all things. 

After a long journey, one I don’t remember much of, we finally set our foot on Mars. Of course we weren’t the first ones here, but still thrilling non the less. We quickly settled in to the prebuilt fabricated Camp that would be our home for the next 7 years. Spent the first aix months struggling to get the camp farm going, cue in faulty droid. Had we had not had Stephen, our in-crew biologist we wouldn’t have survived. That was the first major fuck up from this droid. 

A year in and we are progressing at a decent rate. We are working well together, always considerate and careful of our colleagues. The last thing we need is bad chemistry. We are slowly uncovering the secrets of Mars, more-so what the meteor had left behind in this crator that stretched 16 miles wide and 8 miles under in the deepest area. It was a lot to get through in 7 years so we were pushing through. In year 5 there will be another ship dropping with supplies and two more scientists to help bring the last 2 years to a quick finish. 

1 year and 2 months and the problems really start with the droid. It doesn’t act right. We joked that they put the old AI in it, thinking it would right itself after a good charge and some software tweaks. Barry our Tech expert, was quickly on the deal. The droid was a study droid, which meant it had many versatile tools to help us study in any way we needed too. It had tools, a mini portable lab, defense systems and is also a mode of transport over short distances. It was a pretty useful droid, so we didn’t think of just shutting it down cuz it was causing problems. Barry was positive that all it needed was tweaking, so the 12 of us agreed to see whats up. 

That was 3 weeks ago, and it was only 2 days ago that we found his body. We knew he was long dead, but nobody could get his quarters open until now. The door had locked down. Nobody knew why. When we found him, he was slumped at his desk, his computer still displaying what he was doing. We moved his body to the infirmary to see if Dr Dua could figure out how he died. I went back to the quarters which was left untouched. I investigated the computer. On the screen was a dazzlement of numbers and code that I didn’t understand, until I noticed that a Word Doc was open, and I clicked it. Reading through the doc which was pretty heavily detailed, it describes every function and code of the droid, details of its AI. When scrolling to the bottom though, I found something different. Written in a different font, with many questions marks. Barry had attempted to make sense of these strange files and filepaths using an index table. The most I could make of it was one acronym, “P.S.A.W”. I pondered, what could that mean? I didn’t know, but showed it to the others. 

“What is P.S.A.W? And what use could a Study droid have with it?” Abbie was as confused as I was. Her fair blonde hair tied in a scruffy bundle, her freckled nose wrinkled. 
“Could just be a server file?” Jack suggested. “What if it was just a backup file or something?”
“A backup file wouldn’t be named as an acronym. Never have I seen that.” Judy was the leader, she was bold and logical, but lacked in express, was made up for in confidence. 

“I say we ask the droid.” 
Everyone shot their heads back at Joshua. The youngest of us all, he was naive. 
“Yes. Ask the droid. The droid that might have been involved in Barry’s death. Great idea.” Ido chimed in. The 34 year old was still in her punk phase. Her black shiny hair curled on her shoulder, partly covering her Mission badge on her uniform jacket. 
“What other option do we have? Our only tech expert is dead and we don’t know why yet, and he left behind this file for us and questions. The droid has the answers.” He was right though. The droid did have the answers.
“What if it did kill Barry? What if it kills again? Control told us to take this droid, I have a feeling something is going on that wasn’t in our brief.” Abbie faded in her words. A grey feeling slowly rested on our shoulders. Was this...sabotage? What is P.S.A.W?
*BLOOP BLOOP* All of our coms rang at once, Dua had an answer. We headed over to the infirmary.

“What is it?” Asked Juda in her ordinary serious tone. 
“I found something, you’re not going to like it.” Dua said. He pointed to his tablet. 
“This blue line here shows the normal level of coagulin in the blood after death. The red line is Barry’s. Look, it drops right down, it shouldn’t be there, he would never be able to go back to cryo with such a level. Our coms regularly check our level and replenish it, even after death it stays around for a while. Its been 3 weeks but it should be more than double that.” He finished, obviously concerned. “Something interfered with his coms.”  Joshua sighed. He may be young but not stupid. Everyone silently agreed. Something was going on with that droid, and control knew it. 

Eddie, whos usually quiet, suddenly chimed in. “Wheres the droid now?”
“I put it on charge just before Barry died.” Juda explained, quickly realising what had happened. The charge station was in the tech room, nexts to Barry’s. He must have decided to run a diagnostic while having free time, and something went wrong. 
“It must have been the droid. It mustn’t have liked how Barry searched it. It must have some kind of inhibitors program, tweaking someones coms and causing them to die should they find something they shouldn’t.” Eddie said. “Find the droid! Find it before something else happens!” Juda yelled, but quickly faded out as she fell to the floor, unconscious. “Juda! What the fuck? Dua help her!” Dua rushed to her side, a moment passes. “Shes...shes dead..” Fear in all of our eyes, as everything faded black. 

I sighed. If only this story was what really happened. I guess I wanted to leave something interesting for the people who are meant to arrive now. I closed my notebook, and set down my pen, leaving my desk. I looked across at the prefab camp, looking longingly at the distant gravestones of the others. “If only we planned better. If only we planned better, we wouldn’t of had to fight” I sighed, the oxygen level indicator blinking red. I approached the camp airlock. Bracing myself to face the flaming death that awaited me. 

I turned the lever, slowly pushing it open. In one swoop, I was instantly sweating, 

One breathe...

Just one...

And I’ll be gone....

I faced the sun, I could breathe, barely. 