Alright, so i'm not even close to being writer and english is not my native language, so what you're about to read might just be the unluckiest first attempt at writing ever. I always liked the idea of this sub but was too afraid to actually start writing. So here we go. 

_____________

It was a miracle, when i left the operating room alive that day. Barely any chance of survival - tumors, all over my body. The chest, the legs. I hadn't even been able to walk properly, in the end. It had been going on for weeks, or months maybe. I don't remember clearly. Could it have been years? 

The woman - Sarah, i think it was- she had been the one to draw the line. To decide for me, in my happy ignorance, that it could not go on like this, and that something would have to be done. So one day, she simply brought me to a doctor. She did not tell me where we went; if she had, i probably would not have gone. This way, when the car came to a stop, when the fear had hit me, the old fear of needles and of medicine and that clean, clean smell - then it had already been too late to leave. It might just have been the best choice, knowing me.

From there on, i don't remember much. I remember needles, but i do not remember being scared of them. Or maybe i was. But the moment passed too quickly for me to understand, and by the time i did, i was not entirely myself anymore. I remember her, being with me then. Talking to me, calming me and telling me i would be alright and i would be healthy and that i would be able to walk again. With her, together. Her face close to mine, her tears rolling down her cheeks, smelling faintly of salt.

The details are hazy and uncertain to me, and they have been for the last hundred years or so. As timeless as my body may be, my mind, sadly, is not. Do not misunderstand; i am grateful for what has happened. I would never have imagined to have a life this long. And my mind - i do not know what happened then, but it had become clearer, sharper. Maybe the knowledge i have picked up over these years has blurred my memories. But something *was* different. I would not have been able to put these events into words if it wasn't. 

There is one thing that i do remember clearly. Not just her face and her smell, but her voice. And her words to me. Not her last words - although those are etched into my mind just as clearly, even a millenium after her death. The other ones. 

The words she said when the needle pierced my skin, before she left me to my new existence. 

"You'll make it. Come on, buddy. I know you will. Do you understand me? You're a good boy. You'll make it out. You can't die... You're not allowed to die. Okay...? You'll have all the treats you want when you come back home again, all of them. Please. You'll make it. Please."

And then she sobbed, and hugged me, and left. 