I had heard that there was a cute, new cafe in town, so I figured it might be nice to go. Although I had also heard that across from it, there was quite a rowdy bar. I figured that the cafe was probably run by elves and the bar by dwarves- those nasty little creatures. But even though I'm a troll, I try not to be too cruel to the little dwarves. They are smaller than me, after all.

When I went in, it was clear that the cafe was as nice as I had heard. It was bright, warm, and cozy, with flowers everywhere. (Trolls *can* appreciate beauty, you know.) I looked at the menu and decided to order a few croissants. When the waiter came to my table, though, I was surprised.

He was a dwarf. I looked around and saw that the rest of the staff were also dwarves. I couldn't believe it. These small, ugly, brutish things had opened such a cozy little cafe? I looked back down at the dwarf, who now seemed quite annoyed. 

"Yes, yes, we are dwarves. How amazing. Now. What would you like to order?"

"Er... four croissants, please?" We trolls much enjoy eating, don't worry. This was of course just a small breakfast. "And a coffee. Large." I wrinkled my nose at the size. In reality, it wasn't very much. Restaurants owned by foreign species always seemed to have this problem.

"Four croissants, large coffee, yes, yes." The dwarf was just about to go when I tapped him on the shoulder. 

"Excuse me?" He turned around and winced while rubbing his shoulder. What weaklings. 

"Yes?"

"Do you know who owns the bar down the street?"

The dwarf wrinkled his nose and gazed out the open window. "Elves."

I followed his stare. A troll fell out the door as a tiny, angelic creature yelled at it. I could barely make out the words, "...and don't come back! We don't need any rowdy trolls here anyway!" But as she shut the door, a small smirk formed on her lips.

I turned away, troubled. The dwarf shut the window and walked away, muttering something about "Those brutes... always looking to pick a fight..."

As I sat back in my chair, I realized that there was a whole lot of this land I hadn't figured out yet.