If a dwarf ever says to you, “What’s the difference between smithing and baking, really?” then the correct answer is to nod politely and leave—the country, preferably.

Copper-Belly-Half-Shield (which sounded an awful lot like Harold to Common ears) had rather had it with being a dwarf. It wasn’t so much the dwarfing he took issue with, though, rather the dwarves. Ask a dwarf for a cup of tea and he’d be lucky to get something he could pour, sweet tooth not the half of it. There was no such word for delicate in the Dwarvish language, and the word for delicacy was a homophone for rock. To be fair, most words in the Dwarvish language were homophones for rocks, minerals or ores. On the plus side, they had quite the repertoire of rock music.

Harold didn’t particularly like rock music, nor sweet tea, nor getting a block of malachite for his birthday when he’d asked for a pillow filled with goose down (to replace the chiselled rock he currently used.) So he planned to leave. His family and friends tried to talk him out of it, only making him more eager with their “woeful” tales of life in the city. Sunshine, food that wasn’t drowning in salt, rocks that were smooth and easy to walk along—it all sounded wonderful to him.

But he was still hesitant about going off into the world by himself, and so he cornered his best friend the day before he left, filling him in with his grand plans. Load-Bearing-Pillar-With-Menacing-Spikes-Of-Lignite (which sounded an awful lot like Ed to Common ears) didn’t know quite what to say when asked, “What’s the difference between smithing and baking, really?” However, quite soon after that, he would have had quite the answer to give if asked again.

So it was that Harold and Ed set off, bringing with them what they could carry (which was an impressive amount, being dwarves.) They came to the nearest city, Bristol, a place mostly populated by humans, but with an Elvish district and a handful of other races living together in harmony. That didn’t include the sewer rats, which were facing a rather severe pressure to become smarter, faster, or less delicious.

It took the two dwarves a while of wandering and asking questions to find a suitable building for sale (and longer still to find whatever a bank was to exchange currencies,) but they managed in the end. Harold looked up at the dilapidated shop with a smile hidden amongst his beard, and Ed frowned, not particularly happy with the calculations he ran on their remaining money.

“Home, sweet home,” Harold said.

The inside looked little better, covered in grime and windows smashed and hosting a nest of rats. Ed did concede that it did remind him of home, and he was glad they weren’t going to go hungry so soon. But nothing could touch Harold’s optimism. Late into the night, working to the tune of Ed’s snores, he swept and scrubbed and tended to the fire that kept the stew going. In his heart, he knew this was the start of something incredible.

---

If you liked this and would like to read more stories written by me, /r/mialbowy