"I just want to ask you a question." Her soft face, hair that runs like a river, luscious, a swirling myriad of beauty. Esther's eyes are like kaleidoscopes, and as I gaze in they pull me into a world of mystery and lust. As she pauses for a second I notice that she wears hardly any makeup, nothing artificial so as to cloud her shimmering aura. I spent the afternoon reading greek legends and tales. Maybe I'm looking at one right now.

"Ask away." I straighten myself up, brush my gelled hair back and smother a cough deep in the recesses of my throat. *Put on your best smile*, I think to myself.

She leans forward. 

I hope that the breath mints have done their job.

"Hugo..." Her airy voice floats like a wisp, sailing into my ears, dancing in the space between us, so teasing that I want to tug the words out of her mouth.

"...why do you think my parents are mob bosses?"

My heart turns to stone, shrinks, I can feel a stone rolling down my airway. I lean forward, fidgeting, and whisper back.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

Esther leans closer, so close that I can ever so slightly feel her honey lips on my cheek.

"You're not a liar, right?..."

My heart is starting to relax. Maybe this isn't the crazy mob boss confrontation I was thinking of.

"...'cuz I love an honest guy."

"*Alright,*" I sigh, roll my eyes and lean back, "Your parents are *kinda* cynics. Doesn't it seem strange to you how they always dump an excess box of garbage in the dumpster out back, and then two hours later a homeless man comes by and dumpster dives for that box exactly?" I chuckle and shrug, spreading my hands as if to say, 'that's the evidence.'.

Esther eases back, cheek on her hands as if admiring me like a painting.

"My parents aren't mob bosses."

"Reeeeeeeally?" I give her a glance, *that* kind of look, just to let her know I'm joking.

"You didn't lie, so I didn't lie." She chuckles, but chuckle would be too harsh a word for the feather-light joy that escapes her lips.

"Don't lie on this one, who *is* the local mob boss? Shane Goober? He looks kind of mob bossy."

"No."

"That four-piece band that runs around doing tours where every shootout was in the past week? They seem really shady."

"No."

"Uhhhh...the..." '*How does* she *know?*' I look off to the side as the revelation hits me. Who is she?

*The mob boss* seems to be the only answer in my head.

"Y'know, I can't read minds, but I can do something pretty close." She looks into my eyes, and even with her softness I can feel a refined intensity drilling into my skull and out of the back of my head.

I have the feeling time has passed, but we haven't even ordered yet. Esther only took a nip out of the complimentary bread bowl between us. My hunger seems to have been satisfied by the conversation up till this moment. Now something seems toe be wrong. I can feel the hunger returning, my belly aching like the filler of conversation isn't enough anymore. Or maybe this date is getting cut short.

Esther slides out of her chair and grabs her bag. She's wearing a nice T-shirt, half a size bigger, and skinny jeans that still seem too fat for her long legs.

She leans forward.

"I think you found out my little secret. But don't tell anyone, okay?" The question at the end seems almost like an afterthought, a command before a request. And with that, she straightens up and walks away.

I look down and gather my thoughts.

*How worth it is it?*

Sighing, I get to my feet, yank my coat on and race out the door, fumbling with my phone, knocking over a glass of water on the way out, moving so fast I can hear the doppler effect in full swing as people yell at me with balled fists.

I catch Esther about to get on the bus, grabbing her hand and holding her back as she's about to place her foot on the step.

"Wait."

Surprised as I am, she listens. Smiles. Her foot goes back in place as the doors close and the bus speeds away.

"Yeah?"

"I Won't tell anyone." I do a sign of the cross to seal the deal, knowing her family is catholic. "Can we have another chance before the date even begins?"

She doesn't speak, only gives me a look of intelligence and mystery that makes my heart stop.

"Look, I want to be...with you?...even if you're..." I gesture with my hand as if to say *you know exactly.*

"I'm what?" She rocks back and forth, playful, like this is a cute game to her.

"...a mob boss."

In one smooth motion, Esther eases forward, shaking her hand out of my grip and on my hip. She runs my hair in her other hand and ruffs it out, making the gelled hair run on all sides.

"You should keep your hair messy," she whispers. "It looks weird gelled."

We look into each other's eyes, with a connection that ebbs and flows between us that seems to draw us in...she reaches up to meet my lips...

*Don't. Fall. For. It. She refined this technique to get rid of sneaks like you!*

Too late. My eyes draw closed, our lips just barely touch, and then I feel her eyes open from that connection drawn between us that tugged me forth in the first place.

"I really wonder why you'd be recording me this whole time." Her hand goes from hip to pocket, pocket to phone, phone to her face where she turns it on and stops the recording. My breath catches and the waves of panic begin to surge through my head while I try and keep my cool.

"Kind of a shame, Hugo. I thought we'd be good together." Her eyebrows soften and I see a feigned sadness in her eyes, a feigned sadness that her eyes make me so want to believe is real. "But, 'cuz I know you're feeling down, here's a parting gift."

Her lips rush forwards and meet my lips, I'm caught by surprise with the gesture. It seems too real. A first kiss, forgiveness, she didn't even toss my phone away.

*Oh...*reality pats me on the back like a clown before I turn around and he slams a pie in my face.

*Oh...*

*Oh no...*

*OH NO-*