## No Good Deed...

It doesn't hurt, the sliver of fresh pink, not at first. It appears on the unblemished skin of Richard's knee cap right before his eyes, stipling there at first, just some red dots, then a rivulet of blood, then the full cut, a specter from the past. 

Richard stares down at it with abject horror at its implications, the full portent of it's appearance striking home even as the mild burning of the wound comes unbidden. 

He goes to the bathroom to wash the ghostly  incision and put on some gauze, his mind racing in useless circles, like a terrified antelope with its leg tied to a deep stake. 

*What was the next one?* Richard thought hard about what the second ailment he had ever healed was, the second time he had ever used his new ability. He feared it would not be long until he found out.

Richard arrived in the bathroom, grabbing a wad of toilet paper and wetting it with warm water, he catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror just in time to see the burn appear across his left cheek. Then he remembers the small girl at his son's school, *what was her name, Maria?*, but no matter. She had a mild burn across her cheek from playing with her mother's flattening iron. Richard's son was friends with the girl and Richard removed her burn at his son's insistence that he try, back when Richard was still uncertain his power was real.

It was real, and it worked, and now the burn was back, searing across Richard's right, stubbled cheek - an angry bright red streak of hot pain that brought with it an overwhelming pang of anxiety. 

Richard left the wadded paper in the sink and raced to the phone. As he ran across the tiled floor he could feel a cough rising in his chest, and remembered the dangerous bronchitis his elderly father was suffering with so many winters ago, which Richard was so eager to relieve. The doctor's said the miraculous cure had bought his father a second chance, and he lived another three years after that, with Richard's help of course. 

Hacking violently now into his shirt sleeve, Richard made it to the phone and reached out, fear infusing every inch of his body, waiting for the first traumatic injuries to appear, knowing where the first would strike, remembering the paperboy who took a terrible tumble off his bike, the unnatural bend of his forearm after it impacted the pavement, the look of relief on his face after Richard's touch.

Richard held the phone in his hand and had dialed three numbers when Richard heard a loud crack, like a bundle of dry tinder being snapped in half inside a cotton sheeth. Richard loosed an animal scream. The phone clattered onto the marble countertop, beside a new smattering of blood. He looked down at his right forearm, bent horribly in the center, the shard of a bone protruding from a small break in the skin. 

Quickly, with his left hand, Richard typed in the remaining numbers and hit the speaker phone button, just in time for his left foot to come out from under him and twist into a bizarre, abnormal shape, shrinking in size and curling up almost into a ball. The genetic mutation of a destitute man Richard had seen begging on the subway. It did not hurt but Richards shoe fell away from his foot like a shed leaf and Richard could not put any weight on it. 

The phone was ringing and Richard prayed that his son would pick up. It rang again and again and then went to voicemail. 

"Gary, come to the house. They're all coming back, everything is coming back, I can't walk, I hrrrrererr grrssshrhs. Grrry!"

Richard instinctually tried to reach for his mouth with his right hand, gave a muffled yell of pain, and then touched the place his mouth had been with his left hand. Where he should have felt lips there was only scar tissue, a terrible, malformed mass of hardened skin. The face of the girl in the hospital came back unbidden - a teenager playing with a boyfriend, accidentally shot in the cheek with her father's Ruger. It was all over the news, as was her miraculous recovery. 

Inside Richard's mouth he could feel the conspicuous absence of a tongue, the shattered remnants of his teeth. He tried to speak again but only a muffled groan came out. A blazing, acidic pain exploded in Richard's stomach, some ulcer or other gastrointestinal ailment Richard had thoughtlessly cured. As the years went on, Richard had become very free with his power, using it without thinking on everyone and anyone. 

*Why not?* Richard had thought at the time. *People need help, and I can help them, so why not?*

The transformation began at his toes as an itch, a curling, bubbling froth covering his skin, turning it white, revealing the scorched lipid layer for the world to see. Sitting on his kitchen floor, Richard watched the crawling rash of third degree burn encroach up the length of his body, up under his pants, toward his torso. 

Jeremy Kadrick. Five years old, burned terribly in a fire a couple of houses down from Richard's. Richard knew the family and by that point word of Richard's ability had spread. They begged him to help Jeremy, offered money - but Richard rejected it. Of course he would help, it would be his pleasure. It was the right thing to do. 

The boy had been covered, head to toe, in life ending burns. The burn ward could only watch and change his supperating bandages every hour, and wait for the child to die. Richard remembered fondly the way Jeremy's healthful pink skin returned, inching across his body from the place where Richard's finger had contacted his shoulder, Jeremy's parents watching in amazement, Richard exhulting in his God like power. 

Now he watched the same burns return, coalescing under her shirt, up his chest, down the length of Richard's arms, past the shattered bone of his right forearm, and then enveloping his disfigured head, moving up his face like a time lapse photo of a hungry bacteria in a petri dish. Wherever it appeared, the burn brought with it unbridled pain. Richard lay there, his clothes sticking to the pussy remnants of his skin, screaming as best as his formless mouth would allow.
*******

##### For More Legends From The Multiverse

##### r/LFTM

