[Edit: Poem]


Gather o' children, and e're me tell, 

Of the great dive of those who fell! 

Immortal lords, on land so free, 

Trapped for eternity in mighty sea! 




Long ago, when I was a wee boy, 

There were tales of the Old, 

Of the Cold and Undying.

Terror and fear, wraiths of the cold,

I was so sure that elders were lying! 

I did not know that under the break, 

Waited those banished, 

Surrounded by pilachard and hake. 



They were strong and bold, 

Those mighty lords. 

Their bodies defied poison, 

Sunlight and swords. 

No one would dream of their upcoming woe, 

Where they end up swaying too and fro. 

The sea has claimed them, pure and true, 

A human's defence for a motley crew. 


They took fair maidens, 

they preyed and hunted,

Innocent villagers, 

Their nightmares confronted. 

It was a dark time, and hope was bleak, 

But vampires were to fall from lofty peak.



Plotting and treason, unearthly delight,

To rid us of those creatures of the night. 

People gathered from here and there, 

Wanting to be heard, to share their fair. 

The debate raged on, through days and nights, 

On what to do with the immortal frights. 

Burn them, fling them, skewer them right, 

None could quite stop the devilish bite.



The moon was low, the tide was full, 

When the first one splashed over the hull. 

His rage was immense, his wroth a might, 

But he sank quietly, below the light,

He did not surface, he did not come back.

Thus Old Ones were hunted, 

Bound with silver and heavy weights, 

We did not care for their long-lived fates.




Over time, people were calm and forgot

Of the Cold Ones they left in the ocean to rot. 

Safety assured, humanity thrived, 

Until that day, my fateful dive. 



Routine work, searching the seas, 

Blustery cold at 30 degrees. 

In darkness and current, they did dwell, 

Those creatures in their dark and watery hell. 

It started with a glimpse, I could hardly see, 

I thought for sure my eyes were decieving me.

Never had I believed in those stories I heard, 

I had never given time to the legend inferred.



A city of bodies, moving, alive! 

The inside of an angry, immortal beehive. 

They snatched and grabbed, here and there, 

Reaching for arms, legs or my hair. 

Terrified, shaken, I managed to escape, 

Rising slowly, out of the ocean's landscape.

Back to boat, onto shore, 

I knew my tale wouldn't be believed anymore.

I kept my secret to myself alone, 

I knew I would be regarded as over-blown.





But alas, winding down, my story is done. 

And now I have but yet... to devour you young. 

I may have swum up out of the sea, 

But those cold ones made permanent changes to me.
