It's dark; it's raining; it's cold. The candles still lit inside the cobblestone house. 

Outside the moonlight is the only thing shining, creating narrow shadows as it hits the buildings from straight above. I'm leaning against a wall in the alleyway, making sure to remain in those shadows while I wait for them to leave. 

There is a lot of movement in the house. I know they are late. When people are late, they rush. When they rush, they are sloppy. This is gonna be good. 

The rain is coming down hard, but is falling almost perpendicular to the ground; only when a breeze builds up does the rain change direction. For the most part, my hood keeps the water out of my face. 

They are going to the party tonite, they will be gone for hours. Sometimes I feel bad, doing what I do. In towns like this, folks don't have much.

My cape is soaked. So is most of the rest of my gear. The wind splashes some rain in my face, almost playfully, sending shivers down my back. My fingers, bare through the opened tip gloves, are starting to get numbed.

The lights finally go out. I can see the embered wicks of the candles through the window, still smoking. The front door opens. They leave, making sure to lock it, and then take off running under the rain. That's my cue.

Yesterday I saw them closing the back window, they didn't latch it. I also saw them close the front window, they did latch it. My guess: the rear window doesn't have a latch...or it's broken.

Getting inside is not hard for someone of my expertise. To be honest, it's almost as if they wanted me to get in. 

Through the kitchen, the dining-room and the empty bedroom, all I could find was a silver ring and a few coins. I bet they'll think it got lost at the party. 

Now that I got paid, it's time to start the real work. Curtain's ripped, table wobbles, doors creek, and I just made a huge mess coming in wet. 

And that rear window needs a latch.

First time writing one of these. Huge fan of the subreddit. Please hit me with the criticism and don't hold back!