You've been the first human to live, and simultaneously the last one to die.
But, like, not in that order, though.
Resurrection was never all that "linear" for you. Some lives, you're someone working their best in the 3000's, and others you're a peasant slave in the 500's. You never remember those lives fully, unfortunately. It's only the cycle before that you can recite, but everything else before that is a fog. Though in some lives, odd habits from around five cycles ago tend to emerge, and you find yourself cursing in Chinese during a spanish test when asia stopped existing about 200 years ago.
It got bombed. A shame.
A few cycles after the incident, you were several people present at the explosion. You've tried to warn everyone. Even tried to find yourself. Neither attempt worked, and you died anyway. In the history lessons you sat through after those specific cycles, you've had to be sent into the hall many times because you couldn't control yourself. It was just too much, and the raw emotion of a 16 year old was always something hard to control.
______
You've tried to find yourself many times, but it's hard when you can barely remember your name from two cycles ago.
Some memories come back in waves. You'll be a tourist in Germany during the 2100's, and suddenly you can remember the area littered with Nazi flags. Debris is everywhere. The slurs you hear are as loud as the fire roaring, tearing down the local synagogue. You remember watching your life's work go down in shattered glass and flaming bottles.
You remember throwing the bottle.
You remember starving in the Philippines, marching barefoot in the baton death march while a Japanese soldier whipped your back.
You remember holding the whip.
_____
Asides from yourself, you weren't alone.
You remember reading an article about resurrection, written in a way that was similar to your own. A man approaches god, who tells him he's been everyone, all the time, all at once, and he is whoever will be in the future. It brought you to tears, but one detail was very, very different: You aren't everybody.
There were others like you, living your lives, but rarely ever meeting.
A club you attended about 3 cycles ago included yourself, a 10 year old at the time, an elderly man in his 40's, a five year old girl, and a 17 year old single mother.
Needless to say, that cycle was the least lonely you've ever felt in your life.
______
20 years into your 457th cycle, you meet your sibling for the second time.
You heard her (he was she this cycle) desperate plea on a scammie radio station, where people who claim to see ghosts and read minds. You were about to turn the channel until you heard this strange woman give a supposed name of a past reincarnation, and then suddenly you found yourself at the address she shared with the audience.
She was older, but not much older than you were. Mid-40's, she said.
You leaned on her doorway while she stared at you, confused at your panicked expression and heavy breathing.
"I got here as soon as I could," you panted.
"Hello," you swallowed hard, "Markie."
The woman's eyebrows creased to the point where they almost blocked her eyes, but then her eyes widened in shock. Reluctantly, she stepped towards you and gently put a hand on your 2 o'clock shadow covered chin. Her eyes searched your face for what seemed like an eternity before she finally made eye contact with you. Her voice came out like a whimpering kitten's.
"A... Abby? Is that really you...?"
You took her hand in yours and smiled, her eyes lighting up like the sun.
______
Sorry if this is kinda shallow, I'm lowkey struggling to stay awake here. I hope you liked it!!!