It was my first expedition. I didn't know what to expect, but nothing could have prepared me for this. 

Twenty days ago I was walking down the aisle to become Dr. Rachel Manciatto, wife to Mr. Joseph Manciatto. Joe and I met in college when I studied abroad in Italy. It was your classic cliché love story. I could almost here "That's Amore" when we met. His accent, his lust for life and adventure - he was the total package. We dated for eight months before he asked me to marry him. We got married exactly two years later. Our wedding was quaint, only immediate family and the closest of friends. We wanted to keep it small and intimate so we could splurge on our honeymoon. The seventh continent had been on both of our bucket lists and what better way to celebrate love than going to see Penguins and explore the South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula. I mean, we had each other to keep us warm, right? 

The trip was fantastic. The sun shines brighter in Antartica, reflecting off the snow, and the sky was the bluest I had ever seen. There's nothing quite like it in the world. Our travel companions were great company, many well seasoned explorers ready to see the coveted land. On Day five of our expedition, Joe and I woke up excited to finally go mountaineering in Antartica. Hiking had always been our thing. We met hiking Mount Vesuvius and Joe proposed to me on the Mirror Lake Trail in Yosemite Valley as we watched the colors change on the cliffside at sunset. The gear was provided by the vacation company and our guide a seasoned veteran of Antarctic Adventure. After a hardy breakfast, we joined the rest of our group to embark on our snowy trek. The first leg of the journey was difficult but not impossible. The inclines were steep and without hiking sticks, finding stability to ascend was nearly unattainable. It was much more difficult than I had foolishly given it credit for, a lot colder, warranting more hand warmers than I had packed for the day. We disassembled our packs to  set up a makeshift camp so we could enjoy the prepaid lunch we were promised. Our stomachs' growling was only out vocalized by a sudden howling of wind as the sky started to fill with snow. With no warning, a vicious wind storm whipped around us sending supplies scattering and carrying snow and ice all around. I couldn't see. I couldn't hear. I began calling out for Joe, to find him in the mayhem. 

"Rachel?" I heard him call from what sounded like the north pole, but he couldn't have been more than 15 feet away. He couldn't have possibly gone that far. I reached out for him as I continued to call out his name and listen for the response. It was no use, every sound was carried away with the snow. 

"Rachel?" I could hear him more clearly so I hurried my search and ran towards the noise before I lost him again. But I didn't find Joe. Instead, I found myself tumbling down the trail, having lost my footing. 

An object in motion will stay in motion and at the same speed until an unbalanced force acts upon it. 

I hit hard. 

My body ached. 

I stayed down until the wind finally died. Propped up against the ice that had inevitably broken my fall and quite possibly my arm, I surveyed the land. The trail was covered. Or, at least, what I thought was the trail was covered. It was too hard to tell. Nothing looked familiar but the sun shining in the sky. 

"Joe?" I yelled out into the silence. My words startled nothing. There were no signs of life. 

"Joe!" I yell louder across the barren wasteland. 

When there's no response I worry about where the storm has dumped him and the rest of our party. Were they still together? Was he safe? 

The merciful cold numbs the pain in my arm. I stand up and I begin to look for some sort of semblance of life. I walked for what felt like hours, but I had no way of measuring time. The sun shone bright in the sky, lighting my way and revealing that I was truly alone. No sign of animals. No sign of our party. I trudged on, trying to find higher ground for a better vantage point. When I couldn't find what I was looking for on higher ground I kept climbing. 

It started to get harder to breathe, and it felt like the sun was getting even brighter, although I was sure it was in my head. 

When I thought all was lost I found the hatch. I could sense its warmth radiating from underneath the snow. I didn't even need to knock, as soon as I approached the hatch opened and something called to me to climb down. 

I looked around the strange place, and saw the most perfect beings. Their skin seemed to glow and their smiles too perfect, pearly white. 

"Is the ice age over?" their machine says they ask me. 

When I don't respond, they look at each other confused. 

"Is the ice age over?" the machine asks again. The beings looked at me, anticipating my next words. 

I consider their question. I nod to indicate that the worst was over. 

"It's safe now" I tell them. 

"It's safe now." they tell me. 

They motion for me join them. The room seems illuminated. The gold banners shine so much that they should hurt my eyes, but they don't. The room feels longer, the lush red carpet sprawled in a pathway in front of me. 

"It's brighter in Antartica," I think to myself as I walk deeper into the room. 