"For English press one. Para Espanol oprima dos." For kicks I let the recording keep going, thumb hovering over the 1 key. "Ka Ikka dolo tret. Zikki Niwazraki..." I jam 1 and the line instantly connects.

"For afterlife management, press one. To hear God's most recent dictum, press two. For soul claims, press three..." God's most recent dictum? The bone-white paper in my hand just reads 'Death, Infernal Affairs, ext. 13'. Now, I'm sorta sad I didn't dial sooner. I press two. **I am the *Lord* your God, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery. You shall have no other gods before me...**

Woah, talk about outdated. Instead of listening through the most recent dictum I disconnect the call. It's the last week of cellular phone service on Mars. All the old digital services are being shut down as part of the government-wide quantum rollout. I dial again and after choosing my language I dial thirteen. A second later a raspy voice answers, "Infernal Affairs, Death speaking."

Uh, "Hi, this is Greg Thomas, I-" Death interrupts in a harsh whisper, "Greg Thomas, a mortall? How did you receive this number?"

"Oh, uh. You gave me your card. I'm actually immortal technically."

"Immortal. Impossible! Unlesssss...." Death pauses for a moment and I hear faint clicking sounds from the other end of the line. When death speaks again, the voice is clearer and louder. "Unless this is Greg Thomas formerly of Earth."

"Yep, that's me."

Death takes on a friendly tone and I hear a creak of its chair tilting backwards. "Greg, I'm so glad you called. How's life?"

"Well," I start. I wasn't really prepared for this. I'm not sure what I expected actually. "Well, it sucks if I'm being honest." A soft cackle erupts from the other end of the line. I continue, "I'm tired of getting in the way all the time. I'm tired of fads and memes I don't understand."

Death stops me, "memes?"

"Uh, yeah. You know. The internet pictures."

Nothing.

"So I guess I want to know what your job offer is."

Another squeak of Death's chair. "Well Greg you called at a great time. I'm about to meet with the big man for a luncheon and although there isn't an opening right now, there could be if I ask him right... how would you feel about learning the Death trade Greg?"

Death *trade*? "Uh, I guess I don't know."

"Greg... Greg. Look, I'm not talking about glory here. You already beat the system, you're one of a handful who've done it including yours truly. What I'm offering isn't a job, it's a way of life. Purpose and Duty now that you're on the other side of the fence. And Greg, let me tell you: we need you."

... "You need me?"

"Yes Greg. Absolutely yes."

Well... In the long run..."Okay. I'm interested. What exactly would this job be?"

"Greg I'm glad you asked. You're already on Mars. How would you feel about being Martian Death?"