She raised a fork of breaded fish to the penguins mouth.

She couldn't see him. There is no conceivable way that she could see that damned bird. In an effort to worsen my current condition to a bearable level, I drained the glass of pinot and hastened to turn the clear crystal crimson again.

"He's a cute little guy isn't he?" she spoke into my doubt.

"He's hardly little," I returned in a voice that was colder than intended. 

"Sounds like someone," she began as I braced for her unwelcome retort, "could use a belly rub!"

I sat agape. There in front of me was a sight that shook me to the core. My beautiful, supposedly sane date was ruffling the feathers of a six foot penguin I had imagined since the day Jimmy Joe hit me in the head with a Rickey Rat umbrella. 

"Look, I'm sorry I was behaving so poorly," I said. "It's just a bit shocking. In all of my life, you are the only other person who has seen this thing." I genuinely wanted to reconcile the situation. Nancy seemed like a wonderful woman, and the last thing I wanted to do was drive her away like I did everyone else. 

The waiter placed the check onto the table and left without a word. In his mostly black attire, he reminded me of a movie assassin. 

"First off, he is not a thing. He is a penguin with feelings," she stated matter-of-factly leaving no room for argument. "Secondly, I'll only forgive you if you apologize to Jeremy."

She had to be joking. However, something in those blue eyes told me she wasn't. 

"You have to understand that because of... Jeremy, I lost everything. Turns out, people aren't to keen on those who see giant penguins. I'm just trying to move on with my life and forget he's there, so I feel that acknowledging his presence would be extremely counterproductive."

Her gaze lowered to the half eaten fish. She spoke. "Are you not keen on me then?"

The silence was short, but tangible. I reached across the table to place my hand on hers.

"I'm sorry, Jeremy," I said to the overstuffed flightless sack of crap. "You and I have had a rocky past, and it may take me some time to do it, but I'm going to try to put it behind me. Here." I handed the rest of my baked tuna to him. He scarfed it down and waddled giddily.

"Would you like to go for a walk outside, Ethan?" She was smiling in a way I had I yet to notice before, and whatever ice was left in my heart melted.

"I would very much like that." I looked at the check. "Looks like they forgot to add your meal to the check. This should cover it. Hey, waiter."

The assassin returned with a towel draped over his hand. Perhaps to conceal a dagger? 

"Here you go, sir." His eyes widened when I handed him the bill and cash. 

"Why," he stammered, "I don't know what to say. Thank you!"

"You're very welcome." They must have not been used to getting much in the way of tips here. That didn't surprise me all that much. The rich can be exceedingly stingy.

Nancy and I both rose from our chairs. She linked her arm into mine. The universe, however, graces individuals with only so much social competence. My shoe caught on the hem of her dress sending me sprawling across the floor. 

"Are you all right, good sir,?" the waiter asked as he helped me back to my feet. "There is no need to worry yourself. It happens to the best of us. As I always say, a good wine leaves the connoisseur as tilted as the glass." 

I mumbled an embarrassed thank you and proceeded to the door with Nancy and Jeremy, stupid prick. 

"Ethan! How nice to see you here!" Susan staggered to our location near the exit. If the waiter was right, she had been drinking a very good wine. "I expected you to be on your date. The way you went on at work, I didn't think I'd see you alone this early in the night."

"Alone? Susan, my date is right here. Meet, Nancy." Nancy stretched out her hand to have it left unacknowledged. Susan backed away as if checking to ensure there were no mines beneath here feet.

"I don't know what has gotten into her tonight," I said as I ushered Jeremy through the restaurant door. "She is usually so nice at work."

Nancy smiled at me again. "I guess some people don't have a six foot penguin to keep them grounded and humble. It all just goes to their head."

"I suppose your right."

With that, us merry three walked forward into the night, and from behind, a lone black assassin followed by lamplight.  