 Another hearse just passes by me. Slowly. It doesn't even know where to go anymore. Just like that, it disappears into the traffic, hopelessly. It's 9p.m and cars are still pushing each other, with those non-stop honkings. The population in this city has grown twice since 10 years ago, the day Canada took charge of the world goverment.

 Another person died in front of my face, this time it was my father. He got lupus.

 Technology has replaced our jobs. They created those machines that can perform an operation. Back in those days when we had to need like 5 people in the operation room, those machines just had 1 function: stood still and let us took control of. Now? They only need 1 robot to operate, hostitals had to choose those instead of doctors like us, they had to. Their finace wouldn't allow them to keep us. With the amount of people as today, the economy has been slowing down, more and more people are losing their jobs, because you know, machines are cheaper. The problem is, they can predict how many percents a person can continue to live. There is no such thing as miracle among these calculations and algorithms, which means if you're reported 0.2% chance to live, you'll be left to die, there will be no trying, or anyone can do to save you. That's how machines work.

 Talking about developing countries, although they are trying their best to improve their citizens lives, but they always forget the most important effect that industrialization and modernization bring, the environment. That's what cause thousands of different diseases today. The Canadian goverment? They apologized, they said they were trying their best to save places. But, bodies and bodies are taking so much space that they have to burn some, despite the curses, the worst a person can swear. With this increasing number of sick people, especially ones that have uncurable diseases, more and more medical machines are made. What's the point of creating these when you don't even try to save a dying man?

 The canadian goverment continues to apologize, but some things about them make us feel that they're too reluctant to do anything. Can't blame them though, eventually they just sign the rules about people rights. This causes a negative effect, whenever they try to ban any actions that might be potentially dangerous, there are always groups of people stand up and reject those methods. Fucking idiots. What have we become? What the world have become? Trying to do good stuffs nowadays is like causing all up a nuisance, people's words are so powerful that anything can be trouble if you don't think before you do it. 10 years have passed, and every strenuous efforts they have tried to give, still nothing. Nothing is getting better. The whole one goverment thing is a mistake. "For our own good?", my best friend used to say. "We are coming to a terrible state of human evolution, and they still have the fucking rule-the-world dream? Fuck this Canada thing, still the same fucking council behind all of this. We're all gonna die, not because we have created things. It's because of our stupidity. I might be gone for the next couple of weeks. Don't worry, you still have your own life, try to live the rest of your life happily. Do anything you want, anything you like. Ok? You don't have much time, this world will end soon, we've already put ourselves into this apocalypse. Now, I might need some sleep. Night, Nick!"