I didn't realize there would be celebration.
---

"Go! Go! Go! Go!" - Ever since they decided to track these accomplishments, you'd get a news report every now and then of a new superhero being christened.  The news crew would pan over as the crowd is chanting "nine thousand nine hundred ninety eight!  nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine! TEN THOUSAND!"  Cheers. Screams of joy.  The dude doing the 10k squats does a celebratory jump over a building. The usual.

But all this fuss over what feels like my millionth Old Fashioned on a random Friday night?  Absurd.  These fools were here more for themselves than for me.  I was still several bottles away from being able to claim any titles here..  but still - the local notoriety didn't hurt. As soon as I hit 9,900 liters, I stopped having to pay for drinks.  Bartenders would refuse my money, insisting on pouring me just that little bit extra, in hopes that it would be their establishment where I hit 10k.  Part of me felt like grabbing a case of Jameson's and making history by myself, on the couch, with the curtains drawn.  But - there's been a pretty young thing across the bar making doe eyes at me all night long.  Another perk of the sudden celebrity I'm experiencing. Maybe this isn't so bad after all. 

Monday morning, I wake up to a smattering of sponsorship offers clogging my voicemail. I'm close to the end-game now, and no one knows what sort of powers the 10k might give me. Armand De Brignac has the high bid currently - they want to give me a few million dollars, to have me to drink my final drop from a golden bottle of their finest cuveé, at an exclusive party hosted by blah blah blah - pass.  I fucking hate bubbly. 

Macallan is next - with a 64 year aged scotch served in a crystal decanter designed by some famous crystal designer, and a contract a mile long dictating how many weekly appearances i have to make with their product. Fuck all that.   

At this point, I'd take the first bath-tub whiskey offer that promised to leave me the hell alone once this is finished. 

I accept a few minor requests to wear a certain hat, or name drop a certain radio station. Easy money - but I've got to get to work. The rest will have to wait until the weekend.

In retrospect,
---
I should have been able to predict this.  I've been getting used to my powers these past few weeks, and they've been both fun and unpredictable. 

Anywhere I go - I'm the life of the party. I'm literally the man I've imagined myself while drunk. 

Another recently discovered property of these powers is that i can fight.  I've never fought a day in my life, but now i can. I have a sort of permanent liquid courage...  This random dude decided to pick a fight, and i dodged every one of his punches and laid him out with one swat of my hand. 

I'm doing great with the ladies. Just last night i met this amazingly beautiful woman - Angelika. Tall, amazing dancer, wearing this ridiculously hot red top...   We could talk endlessly, she found me super interesting, and with my newfound powers i could keep up on the dance floor - Everyone was looking at us!  It was great. 

Another power - It's impossible for me to look bad. I feel like Brad Pitt. I'm impeccably dressed at all times, even when I'm not.  The clothing just falls differently on me now. Even my hair just naturally falls into place perfectly. It's like the prize for 10k liters of liquor have given me a perfect socialite status. My best Drunk Self.  Love it!

So imagine my surprise just now when I saw some of the social media posts about me. There's a video from last night. Shirt un-tucked, an assortment of stains i don't even want to consider, down my chest.  Some mangled, disfigured snorlax of a woman sucking on my face. Funny - Angelika had that same top, but this hideous wildebeest should have some better self awareness....

Well fuck me. It just hit me what my powers are.  

I'm a permanent hot-mess with forever beer goggles. 

Worst part is - i can't get drunk anymore.  No matter how much I drink now - nothing. not even a buzz. 

You think I got to 10k by partying? I wish.  I can't even escape all the shit that got me here, anymore.


.