Fred could feel the cold air swirl around him like a demon, snarling and biting at any weak point it could find. 

The cold was sucking the warmth out of him, especially at the gap between his pants and shoes. Fred should have known better than to wear cotton socks today. 

He worked even harder, hoping the effort would warm him. Fred hacked and hacked at the ice with his scraper, which was really just a broomstick with a small, dull blade at the end. In some spots, the ice was weak, and came loose with a few short chops every foot or so. But there were still tough spots where the ice was more than an inch thick and that he had to fight for every bit of ground. 

***

"KITTY!" cried Sophie as she ambled into the room.

Albert just sat there on the couch. He didn't mind the little girl. He didn't mind anything, really, as long as he was fed. Otherwise, he'd piss on the rug under the dining room table. 

Sophie reached her little hands across the couch cushion. She rubbed Albert's head with one hand and patted his tail with the other. The cat didn't acknowledge her existence. 

The little girl petted him for a while, occasionally declaring "Good kitty" and "I love you Albert." 

***

Jim, Fred's boss, pulled up in his pickup. He was pleased to see how the sidewalks were clean all around the apartment building. Maybe now, Jim thought, he would stop getting so many tenant complaints.

Fred approached the window. 

"Hey, what's up?" he asked.

"You forgot to turn in your hours at the office," Jim answered. "You want to get paid this month, right?"

Fred smiled sheepishly and remembered.

"Oh! I got them here," he said, and pulled some index cards from his inner coat pocket. He handed them to Jim. 

"You're the first good employee I've had in years Fred," Jim said. "Take care of yourself. You're pushing yourself too hard in this cold weather."

"Don't worry about me," Fred replied. "The cold ain't so bad."

***

Albert felt hungry, so he rose to his feet and sauntered off. Sophie followed him to the kitchen, where her mother was slicing some chicken and broccoli for her dinner. 

"Mommy, where's daddy?" she asked, twiddling her fingers. 

"He's working late tonight dear," Joanne answered. "He should be home soon, though."

"Why is he late? Sophie asked.

"Because he had to work. People needed him," her mother answered. 

"How long until he comes?" Sophie said. 

Joanne started to answer, but the headlights shining through the kitchen window told both her and her daughter that Fred was home. Sophie ran to the back porch and waited, jumping up and down quickly. 

Fred tossed open the door and Sophie squealed as he came through. He sat down to kick off his boots and she climbed into his lap. 

"Daddy, I missed you," Sophie said, and she wrapped her arms around his neck for a hug, then gasped and pulled back.

"Daddy, you're so cold!" she exclaimed, and shivered dramatically for added effect. 

Fred sat Sophie down on his knee and kissed her on the top of her head. She told him all about her day, and then led him to the den, where she had drawn a picture for him. 

***

Later that night, after a few stories, Fred tucked Sophie's blankets around her and turned out her lights. 

"Daddy," she asked, "How did you get so cold? Does it hurt? My hands hurt when they get cold"

"Don't worry dear," Fred answered. "Being cold doesn't hurt me, as long as I know you're warm and safe."