King Amadeus, still sweating at the thought of his last theatrical defeat, was certain this time he would win. Adjusting his royal purple robe and then ruby-embedded crown atop his wispy black hair, he was all but ready for his performance. Peering out through wrinkled but wide eyes that told of once-youthful vigor, he saw thousands of sputtering orbs, the eyes of onlookers, shining back in the dark. The lights, the lights! he thought. He had almost forgotten to cue the backstage light-guy. And like that, the stage lit up, ambient chandeliers glowed above the plebeian audience. The peons came from all walks of life, mostly manure-shoveling, shoe-shining, brick-laying walks, but they were people nonetheless and they would have to do. 

They, the peons that is, had grown tired of the pompous display. They would snicker behind otherwise emotionless faces as they watched on at the spectacle. In the back sat a row of judges, neutral visitors from a nearby nation with no vested interest in the internal politics or disputes of their neighboring regions. It was the seasonal royal dance-off. Again. How they got to this point bewildered them. Did King Amadeus of Greenacre really devise a dance-off to settle his differences with King Humphrey of Blackacre? Why yes, yes he did, and the competitive spirit of Humphrey never declined a good challenge. So here they were, 11 years later and 43 dance-offs behind their collective belts. Each time the audience would fill with neighboring Greenacre and Blackacre plebes; separated by a purely-symbolic fencing. They would pretend to hate each other, boo, brawl and scream profanities (well the screaming was not faked but it was certainly not from a place of anger). In reality, most were fucking and shooting the breeze after the odd performance. In fact, several had children together and were confounded as to which side the child would go on, so father and mother would switch off. They'd hold an after-party in the fields, dancing and drinking in the moonlight until they passed out in laughter. But for now, for now, they would await the talented gyrations of both competing Kings, stone-faced and in character.

Duke Artemis beckoned his highness, King Amadeus of Greenacre, and like that the crowd went silent (mostly in a state of absolute stupor at the predictable vision that would ensue). King Amadeus, a hefty and tall man with Italian-like dark features, slid out to center stage, stared directly into the eyes of the audience-members, fixating on one at a time to make them as uncomfortable as possible. Then it happened. They wished it wouldn't but it did. Every time. He began--well, moving. They called it the "worm-dance" (note: this was before "the worm" was a thing). The king would turn sideways, maintaining eye contact, and began wiggling his stomach in calculated movements. Sometimes, like today he'd lift his arms out sideways and wiggle them too, like a squid. Luckily, the robe obscured most of whatever was going on underneath. They didn't want to know. This continued for an excruciating 2 minutes as the audience struggled to keep in their laughs. But King Amadeus could not lose again, so he had to do something different this time. In what would be his most theatrical show yet, he threw off his robe and stood before them in only his royal tights, which revealed every contour of his vulgar body. The crowd gasped. This was surely inappropriate for children. Others looked on, mouths agape, at his stunning display of human body hair. But their shock soon turned to interest. King Amadeus fell to his stomach, and began pushing himself off the ground and twisting in circular movements (they hadn't discovered break dancing quite yet either but this with the precursor to it, no doubt). Next thing they knew he was in a full-on headstand, spinning around until he was dizzy. He then leapt back to his feet, bowed, and wiggled his way of the stage. The Greenacre plebes screamed a thunderous applause. 

The duke inched back on the stage momentarily, and then introduced King Humphrey of blackacre. King Humphrey was black, slim, and muscular. He was also a spectacular asshole who loved to show off his every talent. He had won the previous battle with an exquisite ballet. Each time he would try something different, showcasing his range of movement. Usually, he would win, but many times he would lose footing at the most critical moment of the dance, costing him several performance points. Of course it was all strategic. King Amadeus preferred the predictable ratings and worm-dance. King Humphrey took bigger risks, but when he won, he won big. He wanted badly to win. The winner would avail himself of the free labor of the enemy plebes (in reality, the plebes were fine tending to either king's kingdom). 

And so King Humphrey decided on a special interpretive dance this time. In his royal blue robe, and emerald and diamond-encrusted crown, King Humphrey moved gracefully to the center of the stage. He then reached up to the heavens and stood tall and still as an arrow, hands clasped above him. He then bent over, slid his arms forward, then rapidly to the side, then to the other, then contorted his body into a pretzel. The audience was not having it. What the fuck is this they thought? Even the judges were confused. What was there to interpret. King Humphrey, in a poetically just manner, grabbed at his heart and then fell forward, as if shot by an invisible bullet. Then he broke out into more intense and rapid movements, sliding, jumping, stamping, swaying, and twisting across the stage like a mutant alien. He then jumped up, landed in the splits, and hurried off the stage. The Blackacre crowd begrudgingly clapped and hooted, but deep downed pondered what the fuck they had just seen.

"And now for the results." The duke appeared. "I know you all can't wait for it, so I won't have you wait. Judges, what's the verdict?"

The judges shuffled through their score boards. Each would hold up two boards: a score for King Amadeus in green, and a score for King Humphrey in black. It was a close-call but the numbers did not lie: three 3's (out of 10) for King Amadeus, and three 2.5's (out of 10) for King Humphrey. King Amadeus won the day! The audience erupted once more for him, "woooo, woooo, woooo!"

But the applause was cut short, when King Amadeus took to the stage to make an announcement. "Now, I know it has been standard for the winning king to avail himself of the plebeian labor of the enemy forces. But today, I wish to do something differently, to assert who the real supreme king is. Today, instead of using my one winner's wish to ask for labor, I ask that I draw a random name from this prepared bucket here, including the names of all Blackacre residents. The name I pull will be executed by a random Greenacre name to be pulled from this other bucket. Failure to comply, will result in death of both parties."

The crowd went dead silent, followed by protests and shouting from the members! They were friends. He couldn't just use his winner's wish to kill, as a death wish! King Humphrey was shocked, and tried to protest as well, "but you mustn't change the order of things." King Amadeus pulled out the royal dance-off contract, which in fine print stated, "winner's wish may be used to kill enemy." What?! Of course it was in the fine print. King Humphrey, an honest man of his word, resigned to the rules, and then the names were called.

"I will start with the killer. For Greenacre, the killer will be Mr. Tertullian Dingle." Tertullian nearly leapt out of the crowd, but was held back. He was just a 20 year old vegetarian BOY who played the accordion, hardly had a violent drop of blood in him! Please don't be the woman I love, he thought, please don't. "And the victim from Blackacre will be Ms. Annalynn Brown." Tertullian's heart sank into despair! Not his love, no, no, not her. Annalynn looked at him from across the fence with a look that would haunt him for the rest of his life (however long that would be). It was the look of, "yes, just do it" and the look of "I love you" combined in one. Annalynn was a beautiful black woman of just 18 years of age. She was wearing a raggedy brown dress ripped at the arms and knees. That was considered unbecoming and immodest of women, except those who worked in the fields. But she was not a field-worker. In fact, she came from a high-end family but liked to wear tattered clothing as a sign of solidarity. On her upper left arm was a gold bangle she inherited from her grandmother. "Just do it," she mouthed to him. The frail and pail and nervous Tertullian (with a sandy blond bowl-cut, the rage of the times, and blue-green eyes), began to shake. The two were summoned to the stage.

King Amadeus grabbed the boy by the shoulder, "now show them what it means to be fearless, boy!" He handed the boy (technically a man, but he looked like a boy), a sharpened knife and whispered, "now, go straight for the jugular; it will shorten the suffering, and a pretty lady like this ought not to suffer long."

The knife shook in Tertullian's hand to the point he almost lost his gripping. He thought for a moment of stabbing the king instead but noticed there were dozens of guards with spears around him (where the hell did they come from?). He looked back at Annalynn, then to his murderous hand that had every urge to preserve his own life. But his heart resisted. "Hurry up now!" The king yelled. The audience looked on silently, sorrowfully. Is this what would come off the dance-offs? Surely, this would erupt into real war, no matter the outcome....

(TBC)