"Morning, Jackass." The doctor entered the office and tossed the clipboard onto the counter. "Let me guess: you're here to ask if there's some cure for your micropenis again." He nodded toward the section of the paper-thin fabric covering my junk. There was no need for me to wear the gown, but Doctor Evans insisted on humiliating me whenever he could. "Well, I'm afraid not. It's permanent." The same joke, every time I came into the office. He'd even made a note in my official medical records about it.

"Har har.” I rolled my eyes. “Your wife says that she prefers the tickling sensation of it anyway. Can we just get this over with? Give me my shot so I can get out of here.” Doctor Evans and I have a long and unpleasant history. And without the ability to so much as land a punch on each other, we were reduced to showing our disdain through hateful barbs. It wasn’t as satisfying as knocking his teeth out, but what could I do? 

“Let’s see… ah, you’re here for the dose of flesh-eating bacteria, correct? Coming right up!” He moved to the cabinet and pulled out rubbing alcohol and a syringe the size of a turkey baster. “Your dose *can be* administered with a smaller needle, but, well…” he squirted a bit of fluid out of the top of the needle, “this one will hurt more. And that makes me laugh.” There were a *few* loopholes around the PVP rules, like being able to cause pain if it was because of something legitimately helpful like getting a shot.

“I can’t wait for another doctor to move to this stupid town,” I grumbled. Anyone but him would be just fine. Hell, I’ll go to a pediatrician or a podiatrist. He took that as a good moment to jab the needle into my arm. But it didn’t sink through the skin; it snapped on contact like I was made of steel.

We were both silent for a second. “Damn it, Evans.” I berated him. “I thought you were over this shit. Are you really trying to poison me, knowing it won’t work?”

He sighed and tossed the broken needle on the counter. Disappointment was written across his face. “No, it’s really your vaccine. It just has a slight chance of giving you the plague, and I guess that just *hoping* that would happen was enough. This is why you're the worst patient ever.” 

“Great. What the hell am I supposed to do now?”

Doctor Evans ignored me. Instead, he opened the door and shouted down the hall: “Nurse, I’m going to need you to come handle this patient. He’s still asking about some treatment for his micropenis.” He turned back to smirk at me.

“Asshole,” I muttered.

He held the door for the nurse then waved goodbye on his way out. “Hope it kills you, jackass!”

----

As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories!
