Is this even luck anymore?

Ever since I reallocated my skill points, I thought everything would change. I used to have it all invested strategically. STAMINA for that little bit of extra running speed in the morning, STRENGTH for weight lifting, and one singular point into LUCK. I'm sure it helped me out a few times, what with finding a twenty on the ground, or getting a freebie at a restaurant. It only happened a few times, but I kinda liked it.

That was up until my eighteenth birthday.

I reallocated all of my points to LUCK, just to see what would happen. I had assumed that I would be able to reallocate everything at a later point, and that I could just have some fun screwing around with it. I was very, very wrong. At the current moment, I'm twenty-four years old, and as far as I can tell, I can't get any luckier.

My life is practically in shambles. Just yesterday I found a twenty under the table I was sitting at in the restaurant I was eating breakfast at. Yeah, most people would consider this lucky, but not when the person who comes back and tries to get it back decides not only to give it to you, but to pay your bill. Again, most people would consider it lucky, but the exact same thing happened the day before, and I can count about forty-nine times since I reallocated that it had happened.

The worst part? Since I have no points in anything else, I'm incompetent at all skills I try to put myself into. Although it seems that I can't find a reason to work anyway, since I've won the lottery. Twice. I'm now sitting on a fortune of about seven hundred million dollars, but there isn't a damn thing I can do to use any of it. My landlord has covered all of my bills for the past year, and has told me he's going to cover them for the next five at least. People randomly give me gifts on the street, and, dammit, I can't take it anymore.

Maybe I'll get lucky and everything will go back to normal, if I could ever wish for that. Sadly, though, I think my run of good luck is going to go on until I finally meet my end.