Everyone knows about Pokemon Centers. The cheerful Pokemon Nurses who are willing to heal your team up at any hour of the day, the relaxing atmosphere, the inviting, brightly lit, waiting rooms. But there's another side to Pokemon-related medicine that nobody ever talks about. And that's where I come in. 

It's tough being a Pokemon Injuries Specialist, because it's a job nobody wants to talk about. It's not that we're shunned, per se, but since so much of society revolves around a close relationship between humans and Pokemon, the idea that Pokemon can injure or even kill humans if they get sufficiently angered isn't one that people bring up in polite company. So here at the Pokemon Injuries Ward, it's just me. Well, me and Togekiss. Fairy-types are the traditional companions of Pokemon Injury Specialists, because they're seen as nonthreatening and don't have as many attacks that can injure humans. Togekiss has been with me for many years, ever since she was a small Togepi, and we've saved hundreds of lives. 

The one we got today was a six-year-old girl. Six is too young to apply for a Trainer's license, but plenty of families circumvent that by getting a Pokemon as a family pet. As long as it's something relatively harmless like an Eevee or a Pidgey, that's fine. But this girl had been given a Pikachu. Arceus damn it, I hate those little yellow bastards.

Ever since the Champion of Kanto used one to defeat the leader of Team Rocket, everyone and their grandma has wanted a Pikachu. What they forget is that Pikachu are cranky, aggressive, and just plain bad-tempered. It takes a special kind of Trainer to befriend one, and this girl was *not* that kind of Trainer. If you must have a cute, furry Electric-type, get a Pachirisu or a Dedenne instead. They're much more suitable for beginners. 

The girl came to us in a wheelchair, paralyzed. Her mother was at her side, with the offending Pikachu in a cage (they hate Poke Balls). One look, and I could tell what had happened. She'd tried to play too rough with her pet, and it had shocked her in a panic. Pikachu can modulate the level of their electricity to less harmful levels, but only if they have the foresight to do so. This one had been taken by surprise, and unleashed a full-power electric surge. The girl--her name, I soon gathered, was Misa-- was lucky to be alive. 

I told Misa's mother that if she wanted to keep her Pikachu, she was going to have to go to take lessons on how to control it, after she had recovered from her paralysis, of course. She would need to stay in our care for about a week while the effects of the attack wore off. 

Togekiss flapped down to Misa's side and placed his wings around her in a hug, but her mother tried to push him away. "NO," she said. "I am not letting ANY Pokemon near her while she is recovering. What kind of Pokemon Injuries Specialist lets a Pokemon near his own patients?"

I nearly dropped my clipboard. "Excuse me, madame, but I--"

"You're not her parent. I am. I choose what's best for her. If I think she should stay away from Pokemon, that's my decision to make."

"Very well then," I said. "But please allow me to continue my work."

Misa's mother paused for a moment, then said "How long is she going to be in here? Her kindergarten dance recital is the day after tomorrow."

"I'd say. . . about a week, give or take." I could tell that this was not what her mother wanted to hear. She was desperately trying to stay calm, but there wasn't much she could do right now given the circumstances. I put my hand on her shoulder. 

"Look," I said. "It's not your fault your daughter is like this. It doesn't make you a bad parent. I've been through this many, many times before. She's going to be fine eventually. What you need to do is first, contact your daughter's school and explain her absence, and second, decide what you're going to do with that Pikachu. I would suggest you either donate it to a sanctuary, or give it to another Trainer who has more experience."

Misa's mother did not seem to like either idea. "Give away Sparkles? Don't get me wrong, we love him! Misa would be heartbroken if she came home and found out that he was gone. The only reason he paralyzed her was because she accidentally threw her backpack down onto his tail. Any other time, he's as sweet as can be." 

As I wheeled Misa into the infirmary, I reflected on the conversation I had with her mother. In a way, this case, more than any other, perfectly captured the double-edged nature of our relationship with Pokemon. We love them, and we try to respect them, but ultimately they are the ones who decide when they are being pushed too far. 