Day 47

I have begun the exaction of the Tetronic plates upon the Melate Fault. By applying Enara's vitum to the scale model my next ritual site has been marked. I shall take Jareth and Bondir with me for his performance. The scripts advise that virile blood creates the best boundaries for what we are attempting. Tomorrow shall be a long trek to the barge that will carry us to the site. I expect to travel nine days in all.

\[the designs are of a basic band with intricate scrawling within The design within the band seems to look like a map more than any occult iconography\]

We are the best part of 2 moons into this research of golemancy and the staff couldn't be more supportive, while I presume this might be due to the fact that I have not had to cast much as we are broaching a new classification of magic making a lot of it theoretical \- which restricts their injuries to needle scratches. Tell people they are making history and they laugh, give them a biscuit and a blanket and they will sing your praises.

I must pack now, forceps, compasses and weights \- glasses, ritual blades and powders, not mentioning my standard bulk of trinkets. The duties we pay to our craft.

Day 50

We have traveled well and are onboard the barge, Jareth and Bondir have had an up\-turn in their spirits, including me in their storytelling and games. My master taught me that keeping your mind clear is one of the most important skills in the entire existence \- it is said to improve productivity and morale.  The evening brought with it alcohol and when pressed by my servants and the crew I shared the following:

*I began my apprenticeship as a servant, much as you are now. I chose to study rather than being picked. Taught myself to read at the age of 11, and to cast minor tricks with animal blood by 14. No one kidnapped me into the life; asked my parents to sell me so that they could eat during a bad winter. Put away those faces, pity is not the aim; after all its common knowledge. You lads are more than cattle to me, regardless of what you think. I chose you both because you worked hard in the Hamlet and I thought you had a shot at something more, in a year your servitude shall be at its end and your pay shall free you to settle anywhere in this world. I am no Andil of Marris. Your lives are precious to me. Every performance is carefully planned out and on full display.* 

*Andil of Marris? He was the Arch Magister of the blood sorcerors. To you common people he is probably not known, but his atrocities are: Dianal, Odar and Kankalin. And Don't forget Folchant. I was the kindling for the fire of Folchant. A city turned to ash in one day. The order of Wyld sorcerors, destroyed in four short hours. The cost? three pints of my blood...*

They wished to hear no more of my rambling and guilt and bade me to bed. the boat's berth held me well. Probably for the best. We are making good time, and today I can plan out the basic trimmings to add to the performance. 

Day 63 

I have been betrayed. Jareth and Bondir had me use berry water and flour. My tools have been replaced with nothing but quack trappings: confetti \- fireworks and a stage knife. I realised too late. My parlance with the fault had already begun so I continued to the pointless conclusion. I closed with my own blood \- a taboo and a sign of failure\- but anything is better than letting this go rampant to be claimed by any fool whose friend trips around here. Upon our return they will both know my fury. Embarassment does not begin to describe it. With this failure I can no longer access the Fault ruining any chances of me developing Golemancy on this continent.

\[The rest of this book was torn off, leaving this as the only whole part. A small fragment was found by an individual in the next city, crumped and barely legible\]

Day 64

Something has awoken\- The Fault trembles, and so does my body. Something occured in that circle. Had I misjudged the situation. Was blood the channel to direct the power rather than the source? Something has awoken. It is not artificial and it is not a golem. I hear it in my ear and head. With a mere farce I have awoken the primordial. and it is I now. There is rage and it is mine and its and we are I. THE WORLD HAS RESTED LONG ENOUGH. 