Well...this was unexpected. I mean, getting hit by a car was unexpected. Seeing your own legs next to you on a stretcher was unexpected, with a great wad of bandages and tourniquets on your waist that were still leaking red. Dying, at that point was fairly expected.  But there wasn't nothing, and that was unexpected. You don't really remember your life, and your body was gone, but you still have feelings, and preferences, and a certainty of being very, very dead. Was that a soul? You don't really know whether you have one until it's all you have.

I'm in a crowd. There are others like me around me, but how do I know that? I don't have eyes. I'm like a tiny, glowing speck in a shifting avalanche of burning sand, unable to to control my movement of perceive the thermals that were whipping me about. But I could feel bigger specks on the edges, their own roaring fires, all with their own specks singing their fire's songs. And there was a constant flow, of souls -I suppose that was what we were- being pulled into them, and joining in. Most sang of eternal glory and deserved paradise. There were different flavours, of course, with some singing of fiery passions and fighting for your beliefs. Others sang of humbleness and humility, of being at peace and knowing acceptance and serenity. Still others sang of submission and devotion to their own fire, of keeping it going forever and rejoicing. 

Yet there were others, blackened and dark fires. They sang of suffering, of paying their debts and taking responsibility, of a Paradise that must be earned and a price paid. Of guilt, shame, and regrets. They were smaller, but drew in a steady flow nonetheless, a stream of resignation and depression. None of the specks ever left their fires, I noticed, for the closer they became the faster and faster they moved, drawn into the core by their attraction and deafened to the songs of others. 

And what was I? I feel like I've sung my own song, until now. I feel like...not wanting to let others decide that for me. But I can't keep singing forever. 

Can I?