 "I don't feel any different."

The genie stifled a laugh "As true as Orion's bow you certainly sound different!" She paused, a wide waiting grin spread across her face "Really, nothing? It's a turn of phrase, we're speaking my tongue."

I stood back for a moment, mouthing the words silently to myself, feeling the shapes I made with my tongue. "Well rub a jug... rub a jug? Your mystical language sounded much more impressive before I knew what you were saying. Is this how it works? Like some sci-fi space explorer I just naturally communicate with those around me? I thought it would be cooler."

"Oh it's much cooler, every language that has ever been or ever will be, every dialect from every century, every intelligence  and every corner of the galaxy and beyond; all of them sit neatly in that tiny little mind of yours, waiting for you to work out how the hell to use them. You'll never uncover most of them, the others should make for some excellent entertainment." She couldn't help it, her obvious joy gave way to a gleeful chuckle "I can't wait to tell them what I've pulled off this time!" All of a sudden she was gone. There were no grand theatrics, just one moment she was there, the next she was not. It was so sudden I clamped my eyes shut momentarily, disorientated by the change.

Opening my eyes I took stock of my surroundings. there wasn't much to look at, grey walls and old tarmac. Restaurant bins gave off a pungent sweet scent masking the smell of the restaurant itself and there was little sound beyond the steady drone of an extractor fan and distant clatter of kitchenware dropping on stainless steel. I had chosen to summon the genie down a side street about a hundred meters from my school. I hadn't meant to use her this way, I just really couldn't fail Spanish again and Spanish alone seemed such a waste of a wish. My stomach groaned as I realised where I was, the back entrance to Antonio's Pizzeria, not the worst place to test a power. It did feel like a power.

Antonio's was a bit of a dive, it had opened some time in the mid eighties and nothing had been changed or updated in the place since. Most of the windows were blocked off with decorative wine corks and it was hard to see once you got inside, I'm not sure this was a bad thing though. It was a small room with no seats, and no windows other than what looked onto the main street and the small hatch into the kitchen. The only furniture was a tall panelled counter, the only decoration hung over it, a chalkboard menu. Antonio himself was standing behind the counter when I walked in, all 6' of the willowy old man in his dubiously clean chefs jacket and apron . "Ready!" He looked at me expectantly, when I didn't respond he gave me an encouraging smile, almost fatherly.

"Huh? Oh" I looked to the menu board and read "One slice of pepperoni, the spicy one."

"Spicy for the little testis here." He cried back to the kitchen, before looking to me and smiling kindly.

My right hand shot up, palm inward, as I gesticulated my response "Who the cabbage are you calling a ball?" My eyes widened, Antonio's eyes widened "What the fuck am I saying?"

That was just the start. Do you know what people say to each other? I don't just mean what they communicate, but what they actually say? Human language is just nonsensical. But that wasn't the worst aspect of my gift, the worst aspect was I couldn't control it. You know when you see two bilingual people talking, people who speak the same languages, and the conversation just weaves a patchwork of words, each plucked for their suitability or ease of recollection to create a dialogue which is a hybrid of both? I have thousands of languages in my head, each with equal prominence. You can't speak a sentence in a human language without incorporating several others. I could barely hold a conversation for years without accidentally diverting into Ancient Greek, Latin, German, or any of the other languages we built English from. I still mix up dialect and era pretty frequently.

However, one aspect of the wish gave me solace, not only had I become a lexicon of all language evolved in intelligent species, I also possessed all languages created by them. It took me a while to realise, it wasn't until I ran out of money in fact, I thought coding would be a way to work without having to talk to anyone. Once I tried to learn I found out that I already knew how to code. What's more I found computer languages so much more straightforward than natural ones, they're just logical. From then on I was comfortable. I was earning decent money, not all of it legal but it's hard to empathise when you can't really interact with people face to face. I was even starting to come to terms with what the genie had done to me, it wasn't so bad having something to do.

It was even better having something you're not just good at, but the best at. I built my own operating system, how many people can say that? And mine is perfect. I still try to improve it, even though that should be impossible. But pushing what is possible has lead me to discover my first language outside of the human experience. 

My pet project for a time was optimising storage, I really didn't want to have to buy another drive. Once I hit a wall I just kept pushing and pushing, eventually in a moment of frustrating I smashed out two lines of code, hit enter, saw the error message and nearly broke my PC in frustration. It was only later I realised I had an additional petabyte on my SSD. The language I had typed was not of human creation, as far as I can tell my computer didn't even register the information, but something did. We are in a simulation, and I am starting to see its very building blocks. I don't know where this is going to lead, but I do know that someone with a mastery of reality doesn't exactly have to feel ashamed or embarrassed for mixing up their languages. I know I won't have to hide in this room any more, I won't have to hide from anyone.