Why did I have to create another me? Don't get me wrong, I love to work and I love my job, but sometimes I just want a break, you know? So I built a robot to do all the tasks I usually have to do. It wasn't going to be a permanent thing, just something to give me two weeks off to refresh myself.

Two weeks. 

Day one was awesome. I got to stay home, spend time with my family, play with the kids, watch a few movies. Day two was weird though. I got home from dropping the kids off at school to find my robot sitting at the table solving a crossword puzzle. 

"EDD 2.0, what are you doing?" I ask, "Shouldn't you be at work?"

"Oh, don't worry about that, master," he replied, "I sent EDD 2.01 to work today. What's a three letter word for 'foxy'?"

"2.01? I didn't create a 2.01."

"You're right. I did. I saw how much fun you had yesterday with the kids and I just wanted to see how that felt. It's only for a day or two, then I'll dismantle him and get back to work. I promise."

Well I figured if he still solved the problem I was having, it couldn't hurt to give him what he wanted, after all "I" was still working right? So we spent the day together, picked up the kids, took them to the park, had an amazing dinner with my wife, and watched an action flick. All things considered, it was a good day.

Day three, I come home from dropping the kids at school to find EDDs 2.0 and 2.01 sitting on the couch playing videogames. 

"Wait a minute," I pointed at EDD 2.01, "Aren't you supposed to be at work? What are you doing here?" I looked at EDD 2.0, "I thought you were going to dismantle him today."

"Okay," EDD 2.01 replied, "I can see where you might be a bit confused. 2.0 told me I'd be dismantled today so he could get back to work, which I'm okay with since I was only created to fill in for a day or two anyways. But the problem was I saw how much fun you all had yesterday and I wanted a just a taste of that before I was dismantled."

EDD 2.0 jumped in, "Which is fair, but I wasn't ready to go back to work just yet. So he and I collaborated to create EDD 2.02. Now 'you're' still at work and we can all have a little fun. We're playing super smash brothers brawl," he proffered a wii-mote, "the more, the merrier..."

Alright. I know what you're thinking. This is a bad idea.  I know. But I figured the problem would be solved by tomorrow, so what was one more day? Right? But, predictably, things got bad... REALLY bad. 

I'll give you the short version. We had fun, I drop off the kids again, now there are three EDDs in my house and one working my job. The newest EDD wanted to "live" before getting dismantled so they created a fourth EDD to take his place since they all agreed to continue to give 2.0 a break since he was the more experienced EDD of the bunch, they convince me it's a good idea, rinse and repeat. 

It's day 9...I obviously didn't think this far ahead and they're starting to take up all the outlets recharging, so now we can only use anything during the day. Our fridge only has condiments since they can keep for hours on end and the house is almost always full of noise. The EDDs are talking up all the tv's, game systems and the computer, I'm constantly driving them around, AND I'm always cleaning up after them.

Ironically, the only time I can get any real rest is when they're recharging... at night... while we sleep. To make matters worse, they're starting to figure out a way to make their power sources more efficient... so they don't have to charge as often... or as long. It's a constant nightmare. You wanna know the worst part?  I called my job three days ago to come back to work. They were apparently so impressed with "my" performance, they don't want me to come back...

All I wanted was two weeks... was that too much to ask? 