Organization is the key. Blocked off schedule slots, calendar invites, file names, attention to detail, critical thinking. There is really no way to accomplish all a self-employed entrepreneur needs to each day without massive amounts of organization. Last thing everyday when everyone is asleep, set home security alarm. Perhaps the only moments of respite each day is when the alarm is set at night and the mental shutdown begins.

Smash! RRRR! RRRR! RRRR! Eyes open. {GET TO SAFETY!} Sit up, grab phone. 12:30 AM. Dial 911, put it on speaker. RING RING. You hear your daughter’s door pop open and she comes shuffling in. “Come here honey, everything is ok,” you say.

“911, What’s your emergency?”

“What’s going on?” Your wife asks from her side of the bed. She is already clutching your younger child in her arms that had crawled into your bed earlier.

“Everybody come here. I want you all to get in the closet and be as quiet as possible. Honey, take the phone and tell the police our address.” For a change there is no argument. Everyone gets in the closet.

“Hello,” your wife says into the phone. “Ma’am, what is happening?” The 911 call taker asks.

You grab the five foot long jo you have propped up in the corner of the closet. 

Your attention turns to your bedroom door. Without thinking your right hand slides down to the end of the jo and your left hand takes a loose overhand grip towards the middle of the thick wooden pole you have trained with for over a decade.

You approach the door set low in your stance. “Where are you going?” You hear your wife ask behind you. She has been speaking with 911 but you stopped paying attention. Delegate. Not important to answer the question right now. Focus. Keep family alive at all costs.

You crouch lower when you get to the door and use the end of the jo to open the door further to see down the long narrow hall. Nothing. You try to listen past the RRRR! RRRR! RRRR! of the alarm for anything out of the ordinary...and you hear them.

Low hurried voices coming from the living room, stuff being pulled off the wall. Something clatters to the floor. Staying low, you move swiftly down the hall. The jo is in the same position, held firmly at the end with your right hand, loose overhand grip in the middle with your left.

You reach the end of the hallway and crouch as low as you can before the sharp left turn of your hallway. You hear someone just on the other side. They are moving quickly to try and get out before the police arrive.

Your eyes have adjusted to the dark hallway. You see a handgun appear in your line of sight as the home invader slows down to check the corner cautiously. You are low to the ground so he does not see you at first. 

As soon as his face peeks around the corner, your right hand thrusts the jo forward through your left hand aiming right for the perpetrator's face. The blow hits squarely between the man’s eyes. Stunned, he stumbles backwards hitting his back against the wall of the narrow hallway and you bring the jo down hard on the hand holding the gun. It goes off. There is a loud bang and a flash. Distantly you hear screaming in the background.

Picture frames on the wall clatter to the floor around the man as he slumps against the wall. Taking no chances and completely working on reflex, you step back a little while sliding the jo back for a reverse grip. Conscious of how narrow the hallway is, you bring the jo around hard hitting the man squarely on the side of the head knocking him senseless to the ground.

“Jim! What the fuck is going on!” You hear a strange deep voice yell from your living room.

You crouch down low again. “Get the fuck out of my house!” You yell. “Your friend is dead, the police are on their way and I will kill you too!”

“What the fuck! What the fuck! What the fuck!” The man in the living room screams insensibly. You hear something fall to the floor and then a door bang.

RRRR! RRRR! RRRR! The alarm continues to wail through the house. You wait, listening….for anything. Nothing.

After a moment you dare to peek around the hallway corner. You can see stuff strewn about the floor and the french doors to the patio are open. Maybe some shattered glass. After another moment you creep forward towards the living room staying low. When you reach the hallway entry into the living room, you carefully search the room with your eyes.

A bag lay on the floor and electronics and other items are scattered everywhere. But there is nobody in the room. You look back to check the state of the first perpetrator. He still lay slumped on the floor unmoving. You hit him hard on that last swing.

You check the living room again and step further into the room. You are sure the other perpetrator has fled now. You remember that the gun went off. You check yourself to see if you were hit. Doesn’t look like it. You walk quickly back to the form of the man on your hallway floor. 

He groans. Still alive, good. You look for the gun but it’s dark so it’s hard to see. You flip on the hallway light. The man is wearing exactly what you would expect a thief to wear, a dark pair of pants and jacket and even a black wool knit hat. His head is bleeding bad and his hand looks broken. 

You look for the gun and spot it on the floor. It had slid into the laundry room. You go and pick it up, make sure the safety is on. Yuck, you hate guns. You pull the clip free and take the round from the chamber.

Keeping an eye on the man on the floor, you slowly back down the hallway toward your bedroom listening for any out of the ordinary noises coming from the living room. You then notice the hole in the wall. Where the bullet went. Good, not in the direction of the bedroom. Got lucky.

Still watching the man on the floor you yell down the hall. “I think everything is okay now honey!”

“Oh my god! Holy shit!” Your wife yells back.

A few minutes later the police arrive. The alarm finally gets turned off. They wheel the burglar away on a stretcher. The police take statements and you agree to talk with them further tomorrow. You even get a clap on the back by one officer and a smile. “You did all this in your underwear, huh?”

You look down, you are still in your underwear. You give the officer a sheepish smile and a shrug.

After everyone settles down, it’s still hard to go to sleep. Your kids eventually doze off and you do too.

6 am alarm goes off on phone. {Start answering work emails} {Get daughter ready for school}