
“Just stop it! Stop it Alina! Please we beg you!” my mother shouted, tears streaming down her face. Father stood right beside her, his face bewildered, staring straight at me.

My breathing was heavy. I sat there in a puddle of my own blood. I picked up my hand, which was stained with redness and looked at the shard of glass in my hand. I threw my head back and rested it on the pillar beside me, turning my head to look at the broken mug that I had thrown to the ground only moments before. My mind is scattered. I don’t feel like myself. This is not who I am. This is what I have become. I didn’t want to look at what I did to myself, but I had to see, I had to. My eyes glanced towards my mutilated left arm. Blood came spooling out of wounds that I could not see. Hot tears welled up in my eyes. I can’t believe I did this. My sadness turned into rage at the world. The world that has overwhelmingly burdened me and has caused me to swoop so low. 

“Please…” mom cried. 

She doesn’t understand what it’s like to go through this. My life has been hard since I was born. Challenges thrown at me every which way. Some of those challenges consisting of my domineering psychotic parents.

“We’ll help you,” dad managed to say.

“Yes. Yes we will Alina. We have something magnificent to tell you matter of fact.” 

My mind was still clouded by the events that had just taken place. I couldn’t focus over the pounding of my mind telling me to rue the world and my body spilling excessive fluids.

“We’re going to change everything for you Alina.” 

Everything?

My dad bent down and was about to grab my hands, but retracted after seeing my bloody arms. 

“From the moment you were born we thought you were special. We thought that you could take on the world regardless of the challenges you face. We wanted you to be the strongest most independent person out there…” he said.

“So, we decided that we were going to set your life difficulty level to expert.” Mom continued.

Expert?

“But now Alina,”

Expert?

“Now we can just change that for you. We can make things better.”

Expert?

“Yes. We will go to the court immediately and alter your life difficulty to novice. You’ll be relieved from your misery Alina. Relieved.”

Expert?

So all this time they had the power to…

Expert?

I clenched the shard of glass tighter in my hand and pulled myself up from the sticky blood beneath me.

“Alina…” mom said.

Expert?

I am a fucking expert?

I got up and walked towards the front door, placing my hand on the knob.

Expert?

“Alina get back here right now!”

No. I am an expert, remember.

“Alina!”

I turned the door knob and pulled the door open, and then I turned to my parents, turned to them one last time.

“Fuck you.”
