FYI This is a bit of a twist on the idea




"A diamond ring is the price to pay, to make our chores go away". My 2 kids chanted.

We placed the simple platinum band with the glinting jewel into the blue velvet box, left the lid propped open and set it directly under the track light. I adjusted the olive green garnishment surrounding the small table and used my palm to flatten out wrinkles in the cloth draped over top, adorned with a pattern of tiny raccoon faces. My husband reached up, positioned the canister just so and in seconds the front bay window of our home looked like a high end jewelers case on Rodeo drive. We all stepped out the front door in our pajamas to get what we hoped would be the last look at our annual "thief wreath".

"I'm REALLY hoping the back door gets realigned this time". He said, a giddy excitement in his voice. "The creaky floor boards in the hall by my room could stand to be adjusted". My son Lil Jimmy stated, rolling his eyes at his sister. "Hey! It's not my fault I wake up first and they creak every time"! She said back to him, annoyed. "Kids, kids"! I pleaded. "You know, he's ALWAYS watching"! I continued, tickling them both. They laughed and in the moment forgot the annoyances of our aging home. "For me, I'd enjoy the thump of the bottom stair to go away. Scares me half to death every morning when you kids come down stairs". I said, nudging my daughter. She smiled softly at the thought.

"I know"! My husband exclaimed. "How about we put your moms antique tennis bracelet 5 stairs up and see if we can't get that done honey"?! He followed up, excitement rising. "That's a great idea. But don't get too worked up, you're setting a bad example for the kids". I said. "It's cold out mom, can we go back in now"? Lil Jimmy asked. "Sure, sure". I replied, shooing them through the front door.

The kids raced up stairs and jumped into their beds before the screen door could close behind us. As it did, I heard a metal scraping sound kick up behind me. My husband walked over, pushed the screen open and let it shut again. "The darn frame is scraping the jamb". He said, his hands on his hips. "We can always hope for one more repair honey". I said to him. "I'll run upstairs and get moms bracelet, you go unlock the back door, just in case". I continued. "I'll set the bracelet out and maybe put my watch on the door knob here as an incentive". He replied. "Ok, see you in bed in a little bit then". I said, kissing him on the forehead. Within a few minutes, we were all sound asleep.

-----------------------

"Mom! Mom"! My daughter shouted. I shot up in bed, awoken from a restful sleep. "The toilet flush valve isn't running anymore and sure enough, my tooth fairy money is gone"! She exclaimed. "Wow! Amazing". I replied. "And look at this"! Lil Jimmy said as he bounced up and down on the newly installed wood panels in front of his room. "I didn't even leave a tribute". He continued. My husband bounded down the stairs and disappeared into the kitchen. "Yes, yes! The door has been shaved and the trim sanded"! He said, pulling out his phone and snapping a picture. I made my way down the stairs and saw that the watch hung with care on the front door handle had been lifted. I pulled the door open and saw the screen, shut and fit perfectly in its place. The screws in the hinges tightened ever so slightly made all the difference.

As I marveled at the newly repaired screen and overheard shouts of joy from various parts of the house, I was startled by a loud thump from behind me. "That stair". I said, stomping my foot. "Oh, sorry honey. I guess he didn't get the memo". My husband said stepping past me and putting his arm around me. "Well mom, like you always say"... "There's always next Fixmas". We all said in unison. I hugged my kids and we walked inside with no noises to be heard.

The End.
