"Good job breaking it, hero," I managed to spit out through the blood and half-missing, mangled flesh that was my right cheek.

"What? Emperor Tranithis Rex lies dead by my hand. I have won the day!"

"No, Arctus, you haven't. Tranithis has ruled for over 2000 years, without pause or sizeable opposition. Didn't you consider that before your plucky revolution made its way to the palace? You're just plucky revolution #35. You're glamorous, well-toned hero #73.  You'll be name lost to history as the emperor purges every reference to you, your family and all your friends, save those in his personal logbook, #5321. You've also strengthened his defenses against future incursions and broken the only weapon that can destroy his physical body in the epic battle to the death that preceded this. Did you really need to throw the sword into the fucking volcano with him?!"

I was incensed. Years of planning went into this. I knew when the next revolution would attempt and fail to dislodge Tranithas. I had set the guards on the schedule exactly opposite their plans to infiltrate the fortress here atop Mount Flegathon. I had ensured that the volcano had been prepped with a ritual that would raise lava and heat levels to the point necessary to destroy the wards on his body and cauterize the wounds from the blade; this was the only way to kill him.
 Then Artus the Dimwitted showed up. Never the brightest hero, I thought his brother, Severus Darkbane would be leading the charge. He was, but apparently was felled in combat by a rogue arrowshot in battle two weeks ago. Severus and I had an understanding. Severus knew my story and the plan. He knew I was here only to avenge the destruction of my village at the beginning of the emperor's long reign. He knew I had sold my soul, and the ruler-ship of the kingdom to the strongest of the demons of the hells to learn the secrets needed to compromise the emperor's wards and turn the volcano, the source of his power, into the source of his undoing. His brother knew none of this, and thought stabbing the bastard would kill him. Artus had lived up to his name.

"Arctus, I'M ON YOUR SIDE!!! BEFORE YOU STRODE IN HERE LIKE A BIG DUMB DOOFUS, WE HAD A PLAN IN PLACE TO KILL THE FUCKING EMPEROR. THAT SWORD DESTROYS HIS BODY BY SAPPING IT OF THE ENERGY GIVEN TO HIM BY THE FIRE OF THE VOLCANO. BY THROWING IT IN THERE, YOU HAVE MERGED HIS LIFE FORCE WITH THE BLADE, AND THUS THE VOLCANO. THE VOLCANO WHOSE POWER IS THE SOLE DOMAIN OF BELPHEGOR, DEMON LORD OF FLAME, AND THE EMPEROR'S BOSS!"

In the undeniably terse exchange, Arctus and I had failed to notice that the volcano keep's lavaplume fireplace had just been host to the arrival of a new figure. In all the chaos, I had forgotten that the last part of our plan, the reason I needed Severus at all, had come to claim his due.

"Ahem. Am I interrupting something?"

"Belphegor...you're early."

"Yes, I am. I got wind of your little scheme to absorb the emperor's power into the blade, then use that to lure me here for the binding ritual necessary to lock us both away for eternity. I gave him the powers that sustained him. Did you really think I wouldn't look into your motivations, Vasyk? Now, kill him for me, Arctus. I wish to have my... I mean your place on the throne secured for all time."

And with that, Arctus put an arrow through my heart. The last thing I saw was that stupid, gaping grin he always had on his face.

*Moments later, back in Hell*

"You know Vasyk, you really shouldn't have tried to screw me like that. You've known me for long enough to know I always do my due diligence on infernal contracts. The old "use the one weapon of power to imprison both ancient evils" trick? It's the oldest one in the book. Your vengeance line didn't hold up on inspection, considering you had plans to off me too. Too bad Severus trusted his little brother Arctus so much that he let him in on the details of the plan. Arctus really hated being in his brother's shadow, you know?"

"So, eternal torment then, Belphegor?"

"Not really. It would be a waste of your top-notch administrative skills, and Arctus can't run a cheap tavern, let alone a vast empire. No, you'll return as his infernal advisor, ensuring my will be done from now until the end of time. Thanks to selling me your soul, I have your true name to hold against you this time around."

"Well fuck. A promotion."

 