“It’s January first, 2104, and the snow drifting gently down, providing its soft hush, is my only solace as I walk through town. I listen to the snow crunching beneath my feet as I’m lost in thought, thinking of what was, and what could be. 

It was this fateful day 10 years ago that my life was shaken down it its foundation, thrown to the ground, and kicked before it got back up. There was no announcement, no warning.

Just gunfire.

———


I sat on my couch playing video games like any 16 year old would do on a dreary day such as this. It was too cold to go outside, a new record of -50 degrees Fahrenheit. In an effort to stop global warming, a new epidemic was set in place, resulting in deathly cold winters and summer days anywhere from frigid to unbelievably hot. Most people didn’t mind as everyone got their Mural Room. The Mural Room was an amazing scientific breakthrough, where you could set the walls to display any picture, and temperature emulated what was shown on the walls.  Basically, it brought outside inside. But I hated it; why couldn’t they fix the real outside? It made me depressed, only being inside my whole life.

I guess you could say I’m rambling, but this is a delicate subject, and I need to approach it slowly. 

My parents came home that night with my younger brother who was only 11, as he had been at his friends house for a New Year’s celebration. But it wasn’t a happy reunion.

I had heard fire outside our house, but didn’t think much of it. Probably one of the homeless people on the corner attacking someone for money. Instead, when my parents walked in, they were in tears, and my heart froze.

They had my brother in their arms, and he had bullet wounds through his heart. His blood seeped through their fingers. His eyes were open but unseeing. 

———

They now call it Justice Day, and what a terrible name that is. It’s the opposite of the fact, but you can’t say that.

You see, on this day, any small crime is punishable by death. Even riding your bike on the sidewalk instead of the edge of the road. They didn’t say anything until thousands of deaths across the country. You didn’t get a chance on the first year, or any year since. I don’t know what happened to my brother, my parents were in too much shock.

And later that night, they didn’t come home from dinner. All I got was a letter in the mail stating what happened. No apology or anything, mind you. Just cold facts. 

And I would like to say I was strong, that I didn’t break down and weep for days, only stopping to drink, eat, and pee. I would like to say that I grieved silently to myself, mostly composed. But that would be lying. I wept and I cried and I shouted and I screamed. But it didn’t matter. The day was gone, and so was my family. I ran to the Capital down the street and I begged for them to help me. They had the technology. But they stared right through my as if I was wind-blown dust on a hot summer day.

And this is what fueled the rage. It built up inside me, and soon all I thought about was revenge. But I’ll get back to that.

Let me explain Justice Day in more detail- the first year all that happened was deaths, and there was outrage. But the next year, there was something new implemented. There was a new government building in the capital; we call it the Enforcement Center. It’s an imposing structure only purposed for the one day each year. It can broadcast through every microphone in the country. And on that second year, it did.

*”Attention, citizens of the United States. Tomorrow is a new year. And to start it off right, we are continuing to bring Justice to your homes. Now, listen and listen well, for your life hangs in the balance. All of your rights are now gone on this day. All of the amendments of the Constitution are now void on this Day of Justice, January First, 2095, and every Justice onward.”*


If you spoke out against the Justice, it was brought down upon you. Vultures to their meal, if vultures had bulletproof armor and blazing machine guns, and their meal wasn’t yet dead but could be made so many times.

If you had weapons, they would take them and kill you with them.

Obviously, you didn’t get a court trial. How unjust that would be.

Now, I say you could be made dead many times, and here’s why- without the Constitution and protection against cruel and unusual punishment, they could shoot you, then bring you to life just to do it again. Before my eyes, my best friend had his limbs cut off, melded back on with their healing devices, and cut off again. Over and over. Bile rose in my throat and I ran as fast as I could, putting as much distance between myself and the officers as possible.

The officers were people, but hardly. I don’t know if the government somehow kept them from feeling anything on Justice, because they mercilessly cut down friends and family.

Now this put my fury past the breaking point, and the next day I sought out the Resistance. I had been studying them, but didn’t have the courage to find them until then. And find them I did. They took me in with open arms, and I adopted the alias Daybreak. I wanted to be the hope at the end of the darkness, but this isn’t some story. On my first mission, we were caught out and I barely escaped with my life. I don’t know if anyone survived the bombs. I stumbled into my house scratched, bloody, and bruised, and slept for days.

There was no resistance. Only Justice. That was on December 27th. I awoke on the first of January. Through every microphone it blared. “You will be brought Justice. There is no resistance. There is only Justice. You will be brought Justice....”

———

But that was years ago. Now, I don’t feel anymore. I walk to work in the morning. I work. And I walk back home in the evening to eat and sleep. That is all there is. I said the snow brought me comfort, but that was a lie. There is no comfort.

I absentmindedly kicked some trash and without realizing it, walked across the street when the sign was red. I looked up at the light and my heart jumped. And when I looked back down, there was an officer, with a gun to my chest and empty, unfeeling eyes.”


This was written by my good friend Joseph, but he’s gone now, taken by Justice. I’d like to think I saw a fleeting look of sadness cross the officer’s face as he pulled the trigger, but I was across the street and was so overcome by grief that I couldn’t see.

Now there is no Joseph.
There is no comfort.
There is no speaking out.
There is no resistance.

There is only Justice. And may it be brought to every single officer and every single government worker who has killed or accepted the killing.

Our day of reckoning will come. There will be resistance. There will be hope.

And I will be at the front lines, avenging all those dead by the hands of these monsters, and they will feel my wrath.