-The Eye of the Beholder-

On the day the Medusan arrived, their gargantuan ship burst forth into the atmosphere and through several jet-liners, their comparatively tiny fuselages crushed like insects against a smooth car windshield. They dominated us almost immediately, without resistance, without conflict - our collective consciousness instantly accepting the demotion in inter-species status, such was their display of power and superiority. Sometimes all it takes is the display.

Nothing much changed, at least on Earth. Humanity became frozen at that point in time, and we were left to our own devices, observed remotely and without interference. Of course, if at any time someone else was to re-discover hyperspace travel, their work and laboratories would vanish in the night as if pulled into the ether. Eventually we abandoned hope for that kind of progressive thinking.

But for the Medusan, everything had changed. The process of change in fact began before they first arrived, as their invasion force approached our sector of the galaxy and picked up the first hints of our presence: transmissions of our Mass Media (*blessed be its name, for it is all that is holy). The Medusan were immediately... smitten... perhaps is the closest approximation of the feeling that they were overcome with, upon seeing our forms. A sensation of euphoric misery overtook them, knowing both that they desired us in a way that could never be satisfied, too great was the evolutionary divide between us.

For you see, the Medusan were not humanoid, not in the slightest. They resembled the octopus of Earth, but enormous in size - a single individual might fit snugly within a high school gymnasium. The "arms" were shorter and stubbier than the octopus, and the "head" was more a flattened disk; like a rounded flatbread with eight grubs wriggling out from beneath it. Covering this form was a hardened, featureless carapace, like that of a crab.

The changes that arose from that first contact were revolutionary, within the Medusan culture. They were thrust onto a divine path that they still tread today, a path of emulation and obsession. Their racial ambition shifted from that of outer conquest to inner conquest, and their physical forms began to assume ... a peculiar shape.

In time, the Medusan elites all shared some degree of human-like visage in their carapaces. It was as if a sculptor had created a monstrous approximation of a human face, right onto the topside of the Medusan shell. It became almost comical,  giant, malformed human faces scuttling across the landscape of their world. Meanwhile the humans of Earth prattled about under the ever-present numbing warmth and guidance of their own Mass Media (*blessed be its name, for it is all that is holy), as they had always done.

And at some point, the Great One of Medusan broke protocol and traveled alone to Earth, in his personal space-fortress, with all the amenities and luxuries that the most elite of social elites could afford. His carapace "face" was most like that of the ideal human face, and so he naturally felt as though it was his right, and his time, to make the next leap into Godhood. 

When the Great One landed in the Arctic wastes of Earth, he immediately set to work on the Grand Scheme... an international beauty contest in which the winner would assume the position of his personal assistant - and become the first human being in history to look upon the form of the Masters. And there was eventually a winner, and she did travel to his fortress of solitude within the polar wastes... and when the Great One's massive form scuttled forth to great her from his personal chambers, the light that struck her face illuminated a gigantic visage not too different from her own. But its expression was twisted, and deformed.

**Medusan book of revelation, chapter 16 verse 23