My life was an accident. A bad accident. So bad that my existence had to be kept a secret. 
My parents you two people that should not have been together. They were two of seven astronauts that were sent to Mars. The first astronauts to ever venture beyond the moon. They were seen as heroes for their "bravery" and "service to their country", but I only think that most of them were just doing it for the fame. My mother and my father did met prior to their last day on Earth, but they had a rough relationship. They were the people that got along least well in the whole group. But when they were stationed on Mars, they fell in love. Seven weeks before they were set to leave Mars, their suits detected another anomaly in my mother's suit. It was me. They started panicking. They couldn't have me, they were supposed to be doing groundbreaking scientific work! So they only told the other crew members and they all agreed to keep it quiet. 
The trip back to Earth was a long one. My mother birthed me and I spent my infant hood and one toddler year on that space station. My mother told me that it is why I have my power, is because I was on the space station so long, but I don't believe them. My mother and father were both "Natívs" a word derived from the word "native". It describes when the person is born and they happen to exhibit the "powers" of their birth environment. My dad was born in the African rainforests on a European exploration to try and find a cure for some disease. My mother was born on the coast of Japan, so she has the power of the ocean. She would never demonstrate her power to me, it was almost like she was ashamed. My father had the power to control plants and the uncanny power over animals. Anyways, I am getting off track. My mother did not care if I was out and about on the space craft. It was truly like a home to me, but then everything turned sour when we were touching down on earth. In the last hours of being in space, my mom was frantically going over the plan with the other crew members, telling them to form a circle around her to not let me show while I was being carried in her large space suit helmet. Everyone agreed and did just that as they were walking. They managed to get out of there safe and my mother immediately took me back to her home in Ireland. My family was from very different backgrounds and ethnicities, but apparently it was weird to people to see a half Asian girl who talked in an Irish accent. My mother and father named me Nova. They always said that it fit because I was born as they were parallel to a super nova while headed back to Earth when I was born. When on Earth, they passed me for a normal child, and for some reason, people never asked questions. As I was growing up, my father would tell me the stories of when a new power of Natív was discovered. They horrified me to the core, so much so when I started displaying signs of a power, I didn't even tell my parents. One day, my mother walked in on me making a miniature star. She told me that she was far from mad at me, she was proud even. But she told me that I couldn't speak of this to anyone outside of our family. One night I heard her fighting with my dad because of it. She was telling him that we can never tell anyone, and he was telling her that people aren't like that anymore and that we should not just hide me away for the rest of my life. Eventually, my mom won. 
Over the years I learned to act normal and fine tune my powers. Other children of my kind were sent to different schools than the other children, the "Norms". And the adult Natívs were usually sent to do better work than the Norms. The Natív children were taught in their classes about how to control their powers, but I didn't have an actual teacher. My mom and dad taught me everything they knew, but that wasn't enough. I started teaching myself. I didn't mean to, but I got destructive. It got to the point to where using my powers got banned in the house. My mother was furious when she walked into my room to see me spinning a miniature galaxy over my head. I couldn't sleep one night because the clouds were covering the stars, so I mad my own. I created a small black hole, the size of the hole in a straw, then I spun it like a top. Stars spiraled out into a galaxy formation. That made me feel better, but my mother walked in as I was falling asleep. My mom and dad got in another huge fight that night. This was my life. A big ball of secrets and nasty fights. 
It continued this way for the rest of my teenage years and continued into my adult hood. One day, I was walking down the street, almost to my home, when things got rapidly darker. The colours in the sky made it look as though it was dusk, but it was 11:54 in the morning. I looked up to the sun, only to see that the sun had become a darker orange colour. I knew what was happening to the sun, I could feel it. A sickening feeling in my chest. It felt like something was caught, but I knew there wasn't. I sprinted home. I could feel that I could do something about it. That the universe wanted me to do something about it. 
I had to fix the sun. 