I walked into the empty classroom, it seems larger than it should be. Though maybe that's because I'm the only person in here- I can't even see where the teacher is. I decide to sit at the back left desk, take off my bag and doodle in my notebook. The door opens and a tall, muscular boy with short, brown hair walks in, wearing the school's sports kit. I hesitate a little bit before trying to talk to him. "G'day Bruce. What you in here for?"
"Didn't do my nerd homework, Lil." He replies gruffly. I had expected as much, we were in most of the same classes. He sits down near the front and I return to drawing. It's the only thing I'm good at, really. Well, that and watching kung-fu movies. A few minutes pass and a third person walks in. A girl, around my height with short, raven black hair and wearing clothes and makeup to match. On her left hand... Was that a tattoo? No wonder she's in here. "Hi Mel." I call out to her. She smiles a little. One of the few perks of being her best friend was calling her by name. To everyone else, her name was Viper. She sits down next to me. "Hey Lilliput. Nice monster." I punch her in the arm playfully. "You know I hate that nickname, Gulliver." I smile, and she does as well. Or at least, as much of a smile that she'll give anyway. "So, snake tattoo?" I ask. She nods at this. "I thought it would be decent, apparently it's illegal or something though." 
"Nice." As we talk, a boy comes in, one I'd never seen before. He wasn't wearing anything resembling a school uniform, not from his snazzy trainers to his ridiculous fez. He was shortly followed by the teacher. Mrs B. Holder. I'd never been in one of her detentions before. Then again, I've never tried to skip class before either. The strange boy sat down on the opposite side of the room to Bruce, and Mrs Holder sat at her desk. "Now then. You are all in here for different reasons, but it has been decided that they merit the same punishment. For those of you who don't know our newest student, this is Michael. He thought it would be funny not to come in uniform for his first day." She gestures to fez guy. "Now then, as your punishment..." She presses a button under her desk. "Death."
The floor opens up beneath the four of us. Falling, darkness. Down.
And down.
And down. 

I open my eyes slowly. Somehow, I'm still alive. I look around the room. It's about the size of the classroom, but with bare walls and a large wooden door where the whiteboard should be. Bruce is standing in the corner, though he seems to have changed attire. He's now wearing.. Animal bones? Or at least I hope they are.. As well as a thin shirt and what I can only describe as a kilt... In his hands, a massive hammer. Not too far away from him is Mel. Or at least I presume it's Mel. It's hard to tell under the blackened plate mail. She seems to be carrying a sword and shield combo. I look down at myself, wondering what I'll find. Yup. My clothes have been changed too. From school uniform, to weird robes of some kind. On the floor beside me is a spear. I pick it up, it feels unnaturally familiar in my hands. I do a couple of practice jabs. Then Michael. He seems to be in what can only be described as wizard robes, pointy hat and everything. A small dagger is attached to his belt, but I quickly notice something a little more dangerous beside him. Some kind of little demon? This is too weird. I walk up to Mel, but before I can talk to her, a voice reverberates throughout the small room we're all in. "Welcome, sacrifices! To Detentions and Dragons!" The door opens. Danger awaits. 

[Sorry for bad formatting, on mobile. Hope you enjoyed, please give feedback.]