There are 3 major candidates for God this term, making it an extremely contested election. Before we get to the current election though let’s look at a little political history to better understand what is going on. God is an all-powerful figure that is democratically elected by all of his subjects. One God term lasts a thousand human years. It is also important to note that while God is an elected position, all that is needed to win is a plurality of votes, not a true majority. God traditionally has ruled the earth from an ethereal realm known as the Kingdom. The first individual to serve as earth’s God was The Creator. He was unelected as he was, as his name describes, the creator of the system. He stepped down soon after creating the world and writing its constitution. In this constitution he selected a chosen people that would vote on his replacement. There were a few candidates, but seeing as only the chosen people could vote it was a landslide victory for Jehovah, who ran on a platform of supporting the survival of the chosen people. Survival was all the rage back then, as the chosen people were constantly facing the difficulties of their environment as well as being raided by their enemies. While Jehovah could be harsh at times, he fulfilled his campaign promise of keeping the chosen people around so he won re-election three times. At the end of his fourth term though he was growing tired of the position and retired.

Jehovah was succeeded by a young hippy type God named Jesus. He promised that he could not only do as well as his predecessor did, but that he could be a really good hands on guy that would be capable of ending violence and opening up the kingdom to everyone. He won the election in a landslide as the chosen people were constantly facing violence. Jesus was a good God but too idealistic. He decided he would visit leave the kingdom for a time and visit the earth and walk among it’s people to better understand their plight. He was a young egalitarian and very principled. While he made some questionable decisions, his time on earth led him to increase the franchise to include the humans of the entire world. This of course went against the self-interest of the chosen people so before he could welcome everyone to the kingdom they retaliated by convincing their current overlords that Jesus was trying to usurp their authority. These formerly chosen people were successful and Jesus was brutally murdered.

Now would be a good time to talk a bit more about the Divine constitution. While God is an elected figure and God could not die of natural means the creator, in his infinite wisdom, decided that while it was extremely unlikely, it was theoretically possible for a God to be killed or simply grow tired of the position and step down. Because of this all God candidates have to select a running mate who would take over in case they step down.

With Jesus dead his running mate took the reins. This new God was a lazy figure who took the position only because it came with some prestige but, seeing as he didn’t expect a God to die, he didn’t foresee himself doing anything. No one really knew knows anything about him, not even his name, but this running mate was ignored for the most part because humans can’t really imagine the death of a God. Once he took office though he began to enjoy the position, absolute authority has its perks after all. After briefly playing around with the universe making some people believe that Jesus was still alive he grew tired of his powers and simply sat back and let the people do as they wished. He ran for reelection when his term was up and won after a difficult race against Allah. What remained of the chosen people voted against him but they were such a small group that everyone laughed at them for throwing their votes away. 
This brings us to the present day. The current God’s second term is just about up and he is seeking a third term. He is lazy though so has not done a great deal of campaigning. His platform is fairly empty except for a few broad statements about tolerance and accepting diversity in a hope that it will reduce war. The followers of the incumbent are mostly complacent so their turnout may not be high, leaving the election open for challengers.

Though the incumbent God is ahead in the polls Allah is running again and has recently made quite a name for himself by promising to re-implement a system of chosen people, overturning the universal suffrage system that was implemented by Jesus. These chosen people though would be a new group, those that follow the teachings of a mortal friend of Allah that lived in the seventh century. Some of Allah’s supporters have become extremely violent hoping that they can kill off their opponents to allow for Allah’s ascension to the kingdom. While it looks like he still won’t have a majority of the population on his side, Allah’s followers are extremely dedicated so they may have a very high turnout when the election actually happens. Allah is also relying on the fact that all he needs is a plurality, and is hoping that some of the supporters of the incumbent simply stay home and ignore his supporters in the name of diversity and acceptance.

The last major candidate is an anarchist who, if elected, would simply abolish the position of God entirely. The Anarchist, known only by that title, is a newcomer to divine politics and has gained significant support over the past few hundred years. His supporters believe that the current God is pretty much useless so we might as well abolish the position entirely. These people have been greatly disliked by supporters of other candidates. Still they have a seen a huge growth in the past century in particular due to twentieth century political leaders who, while mere mortals themselves, forced their subjects to support the abolishment of the God position. While these mortal statesmen have died much of their influence still remains in the world today. As the incumbent’s policy of inaction is very similar in practice to anarchism, the primary tactic of The Anarchist’s campaign is using currently is to focus on the dangers that electing Allah may cause and not so much on his policy of eradicating divine governance. 

There are a few minor candidates who, while almost certain not to win, are worth mentioning. One of these is of course supported by what remains of the original chosen people. Now most of the original creator’s chosen people have moved away from their traditional beliefs and towards divine anarchy but a few still remain loyal to the old system and hope to reinstate someone like Jehovah. Another minor candidate is Mother Earth. She has run in every election to date but never won, she is worth mentioning only because she is the sole female to ever run for the position. Another minor candidate worthy of discussion is Brahman who has also run in all previous election. Unlike the other minor candidates Brahman does have a significant number of followers but they have never actively done any campaigning and their turnout is projected to be low so it extremely unlikely that we will see a Brahman victory any time soon.
