I awoke in the dead of night with sweat dripping from my brow.

It isn't possible....I told myself.

But how...

Since I was a kid when I discovered my powers there had never been an inanimate object I couldn't move. You see I have telekinetic powers but they have limits.

I had moved cars, a bus (only once), and small buildings. I believe I could move something much larger like a skyscraper or monument but didn't want to face the collateral damage. I had tried to pick up living things but unfortunately, my powers were limited to moving things without a pulse.

But somehow this fucking dwarf in the garden wouldn't move.

I was confused at first as I was doing my typical Saturday suburban landscaping. It was one of my favorite activities, pushing the mower around while trimming the hedges. All while enjoying some much-needed sunlight while lounging on the porch.

I remember grumbling about my wife buying more decorations for the yard as I slid one yard ornament after the other out of the way.

Then it happened....

I tried to move the yard dwarf and it didn't budge.

I paused and leaned forward.

Hmm...I tried again, this time putting enough focus in to cause the other yard items to shake violently.

Still, nothing.

I hopped up and walked over slowly with my hand outstretched in front of me, Darth Vader style. "Move you fucking dwarf," I cursed to myself.

Still, nothing.

I stood directly over it, sweating from the effort.

Why...I wondered as I stared at the red-hatted pudgy little man in my yard.

I stroked my chin and shrugged as I walked away, thinking little of it.

"Maybe I am getting old," I thought. 

I went back to my daily chores without thinking of the dwarf again.

That was until I woke in the middle of the night, awoken by a vision of the gnome.

Standing over me...wearing a vicious smile.

That is when I woke up.

I had dreams that scared me, sure. But nothing like this.

I had to check...I had to know.

I walked down the staircase to the main floor to flip on the light and look.

Was the dwarf still there?

I took a breath and flipped the switch.

He was gone.

I froze, where had the murderous grinning fiend gone?

Then, I heard the scream.