"Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800's?" The man's speech was faintly slurred from the drink.  
Oh I remembered him, certainly, but the fact that *he* remembered *me* was not something that should have been possible.  
"No, you've mistaken me for someone else," I laughed, "I've just got one of those faces."  
His eyes narrowed, the alcoholic burr slipping away as he spoke again, "How curious that you responded to the first part of my question, but not the second."  
He was right, of course. Any ordinary person would have scoffed at the suggestion someone knew them from two centuries ago. But I was *not* an ordinary person, and now this man knew it.  
"You've been very hard to find," he confessed, one hand slipping under the table as he spoke, "probably the most challenging hunt of my lifetime."  
"And that must be quite a lengthy lifetime, I imagine," I interjected, "considering the colour of this conversation."  
I wondered what he had under the table, what item he might be slipping from his pocket at that moment. But I wouldn't let my concern show on my face; I *never* let my face show anything I didn't intend it to show.  
"You can change your name and your hairstyle as much as you like," he said, spinning his glass with his free hand, "but some things are immutable."  
I snorted then, chagrined.  
"Sir, I've gone to a great deal more trouble than just *hair* and *names*."  
"I suppose you have."  
"You *suppose* I have?"  
I was angry now. My abilities were being questioned; the very nature of my *being* was being challenged. A shadow appeared on my narrow chin, followed by a sprouting of salt-and-pepper hair - which quickly grew into a matted beard. Lipstick vanished beneath an unruly mustache.  
The man smiled, his hand reappearing from under the table, holding something inside his fist.  
"I doesn't matter how you change your shape, my quicksilver friend. There will always be an ineffable quality that gives you away."  
The facial hair was itchy and my point had been made, so I wiped away beard and lipstick with a napkin, leaving unblemished skin.  
"Oh?" I ventured.  
"The soul," he said, "The soul. No matter how you might change your appearance, you will always be *you*. I've hunted you across continents, through cities of tens of millions of people. I've tracked you while you were guised as a strongman, I've sniffed you out as a cabaret girl, all legs and frills. But you cannot change the core of your personality, no matter how strong your gift for disguise might be."  
He trapped my hand under his, pulling himself closer to me across the table, "Your gift is to be as changeable and mercurial as the seasons. But I have a gift, too; mine is to always know the *core* of a person's being."  
I was worried now. This hadn't gone as I'd hoped. This was not how things were meant to be. His hand tightened, vice-like, preventing my escape.  
"Don't you dare turn your bones to jelly and slither away from me madam," he cautioned, "I've prepared for every eventuality."  
I was caught, then. After all these centuries of freedom, someone had finally unriddled my existence.  
"Then do what you must," I managed, a roil of conflicting emotions warring within me, "I am ensnared."  
His fist opened and within it, something shone.  
A *ring*.  
"I know the size doesn't matter," he laughed, "not to a shapeshifter."  
"What...?"  
Twining my fingers in his, he offered the golden circle.  
"Madam Quicksilver, will you marry me?"  
