March 10th:  Our teacher asked us to write about what we think we will find.  I sat down for a long time trying to think about what we would find, but my mind kept wandering to what I want us to find.  It's hard to differentiate the two sometimes, and i'm forever an optomist, so of course I set unreasonable expectations.  

We are, give or take, 100 miles from Mecca A.  The trackers say that we should be there in nine days, and the entire tribe hasn't stopped talking about it in years.  We've known this day was coming for a long time, hell, it's all we've cared about for as long as I can remember. 

On most nights, I like to go sit near the Elders and listen to their stories.  The story of our existence goes as such:  

Until 200 or so years ago, our purpose in life was simple: Survive.  At first, we tried to move as fast as we could, to gather more sunlight, maybe even move fast enough that we could settle down and not have to move for a while.  But that mission proved to be near impossible as it was quite difficult to have 100,000 people moving as fast as possible.  There was always stragglers, and stragglers caused more stragglers because people didn't want to leave their family members behind.  


At some point, the leaders decided that they could never really catch the day.  So we settled on just moving fast enough to not end up in the night.  The night brought with it weather so cold it, it caused your skin to freeze within minutes.  We tried building shelters, thinking we could stay put and outlast the night.  But we soon after learned that the night didn't stay for a little while, it stayed nearly forever.  Well, 107 years to be exact.  That's how long it takes our planet to rotate around the sun.  If we were to stay in one spot, it would take 200 or so years of night to see the day again.

So thats how life went for a while.  We lived in 15 degree temperatures almost permanently, moving our entire lives every 15 days.  Sometimes we walked fast enough that we got 20-25 days of rest before it became too cold to manage again.  

All of that changed 215 years ago, however.  That was when we first found things that didn't belong to us.  Not only that, they couldn't have belonged to us, or our ancestors before us.  Things so foreign to us, it tooks months to even determine the purpose of most items.  Small pieces of clothing, unprotected footwear, creams and lotions that said "for protection from the sun" on their labels.  

Or people had never seen such things, because our people never had any need for them.  The more things we found, the more convinced we became; there must be other people on this planet that lived beyond the day.  The things we found, they weren't intended for protection from the night, rather protection from the day.  

The ideas began flowing at that point.  We knew that we didn't want to live the way we did, and we also knew that if there were other people out there, we must meet them.  For gathering their intelligence, for hearing their stories, for finding out how they are able to live in the Day and move fast enough to stay in it.  But we wanted to meet them, mostly, because we were alone.  

At first, we thought if we moved fast enough, we could catch them.  Every indication we found was that they tribe moved just like ours, and stayed in spots nearly as long as us, or shorter.  We learned a lot about them from the things they left behind.  We sent scouts ahead, and everyime they failed.  They simply could not move fast enough to make any real head way.  We simply did not have the techonology to have contineous exponential movement.  

We could not slow down to meet them, the night would kill us before we ever got a chance.  We could not move fast enough, especially not 100,000 people all at once.  So the only option we had left remaining, was to start leaving artifacts of our own.  We had to let the others know they we too, existed, and we desperately wanted to see them.  So 200 or so years ago, we started leaving noted every single place we walked.  The first note we ever left was simple and to the point;  "There are others out there, and we walk behind you in your foot steps.  Please wait for us, we will be to you in less then 200 years."  

There was talk that maybe the others would stop when they read the first message and turn around.  Some people thought that we would see them in 100 years or so, with them walking towards us and meeting us half way.  But 100 years passed, 120, 150, and still no signs of them.  So we figured that they too must have something moving them, driving them to keep going.  There were theories that the Day became too hot in the middle, hence they too had to keep moving or else face extinction.  Most thought that that must be it, or else we would have seen them by now.  So we kept walking, and kept hoping that one day, some day, we would finally find who we were looking for.

March 18th:  Sorry We haven't spoken for so long, but it's been kind of crazy around here.  We walked 95 miles in the last eight days, and are less then 10 miles until we reach Mecca A.  It's the exact spot where we left the first message 200 years ago, and it was the first spot that we ever saw the artifacts of the others.  

Everyone has been going kind of crazy the last couple of days.  People are making all sorts of preperations.  The cooks are preparing meals fit for hundreds of thousands of people, enough to feed our tribe three times over.  We don't know too much about the others, but we do know that there are a lot more of them than us.  The items we found idicate as such, although their numbers have dwindled periodically, for what reason we do not know.  

The smartest minds of our tribe are practicing every single language we have ever come across.  We do not know what language they speak, but we are for certain that we will be able to communicate with them once we see each other.  

The history of our planet is shrouded in mystery, mostly because we haven't been able to track our progression.  Some say that we used to have a detailed history of our people, of everything that was.  But everything was either lost because we kept moving, or destroyed by the Night.  All we really have now, is our stories.  The elders have been telling them almost everyday for the past 200 years, and the kids grow up listening to them, learning them, memorizing them, until they too become elders and tell the same stories to the new young.  These stories are sacred to us, its all we have to connect to our past.  Before 200 or so years ago, our only purpose was to keep moving, and people didn't tell stories like we do now.  As a result, we barely know anything about our past before finding Mecca A.  You could say, that we found our purpose that day, and because of finding our purpose, we finally began recording it.  That's all I can talk to you for now, I have to go help with the preperations.  They say we will reach Mecca A by tomorrow night!

March 19th:  Today is the day!  I have but a brief few moments of rest before we start to move again.  Almost everything is ready for tonight.  The food is fully prepared, the drinks are stocked and ready to go.  The musicians have created new music for the Others, and some people have gotten together and created a play as well.  The Play is a representation of who we are, and what we have been through.  We figured that the Others will be just as curious about us as we are of them.  

I still haven't finished my homework from our teacher.  Every single one of my classmates is fully convinced that we will find them waiting for us, or at the very least, a message from them telling us about who they are, where they are going, and how we can find them.  My optomism has wained just a bit, because I found myself asking some very important questions last night after we last talked.

For one, why haven't we seen them in the last month or so?  Our elders tell us that they probably wouldn't walk backwards to find us because they don't know what direction we are coming from.  The elders tell us that the best option for them, to be to just wait for us at Mecca A, or leave us a message telling us more.  But I keep wondering, why aren't there any scouts?  We have been less than 200 miles from Mecca A for almost a month, yet we have seen no signs of them.  The weather behind them isn't so bad, so it would be reasonably easy for them to send scouts towards us.  Aren't they curious about who we are?  And even more logically, aren't they worried about who we are?  

Any intelligent species would be making preperations, in case things went wrong.  Even thought our entire tribe has been focusing on this day for nearly 200 years, it isn't to say that we havent made preperations.  We have been working on weapons, just in case, well you know.  We are excited, but we aren't stupid.  


