Having street sources was mandatory as an investigator.

Arthur had a few. Freaks, misfits and such were easy enough to find, and you'd be surprised at how many of them were not actually regular humans. Being touched by magic usually changed you in more ways than expected. Some grew wings. Others learned to wield it. 

Some just cracked.

Old man MacMillan was one of those. As long as Arthur had joined the force, the old man had been a marked presence at this specific square. He begged, and he slept, and he raved at the world. For most, his screeching was seen as an act, or as the last throes of a fleeting mind, but to Arthur and those like him, it was the sign of one whose psyche had been shattered by magic.

Thing is, the right stimuli usually yelded good results.

Nothing from beyond the veil escaped MacMillan's sight. It was astounding what that man knew, and as more and more blatantly supernatural cases piled atop Arthur's desk, more he found himself feeding the old man his strange favorite meal of haggis and raisins. His information was insanely good, once it was slept upon.

Arthur's status as a magical anomaly made the first attempt at contact somewhat convoluted. The old man could after all *see* beyond the wards that held Arthur's human form together, and realized what he had of extra. It took some time for the smell of food to lure the beggar from his hidey-hole, and even more time for the lead on a murdered faerie's slayer to be uttered, but since that day this had been a fruitful relationship.

As it stands, it was not known by Arthur, or anyone else still alive today, that Old Man MacMillan, the beggar, was immortal.

For a normal, full blooded human to acquire that covered status, it usually took the abandonment of the whole human thing. But sometimes, usually as a joke, some magical entity or another will force that upon a poor sap that had been unlucky enough to be in the vicinity.

This normally drives the recipient insane. Immortality is not quite pleasant, and it was never given in entirety anyway. After a few hundred years or more immortals tend to find a way to cease existing.

The man who now was known as Old Man MacMillan however had found a way to keep going.

He had been many things. Barbarian, druid, leader, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, and much more. He had seen what troubled the world and done his best to alleviate it, but if something his exceedingly long existence had told him, it was that it never ends.

So, for the last millennium or so, he had been the beggar. The vagabond, the drifter, the shade. He floated, from here to there, giving subtle warnings and sage advice, for those with the ear for the arcane. And he waited for the day when his action would be needed again.

His bones now told him that this boy, this purpoted solver of crimes and *savior* of the meek, had great burdens yet to face.

And, thank the stars, he would be there for him.

