 Another dull thud pulled me closer to consciousness. It had been happening for a while now, maybe a few hours, maybe a few minutes. I don’t know. All I know is that I’m tired, my ribs hurt, that damn thud keeps trying to wake me up, and all I want to do is sleep for a few more minutes. *Thud! Thud! Thud!* Fuck me, fine, I’m awake. I sit up and look around. No idea where I am, nothing strange there. At least that fucking thudding finally stopped. Rub the sleep out of my eyes, time to find someone who can tell me where I am. Glance around and what do I see? A kid. Young, seven or eight maybe. Who cares? Little bastard has chocolate smeared around his mouth, damn near spilling out of his clothes. Obviously, mommy has too much on her mind, keeps her spawn distracted with candy. Whatever works I suppose, God knows I’d do the same to avoid dealing with the little snot-goblin.

“Hey mister, you got any sweets?” the sticky little worm dared to ask me.

As if a man of my talents would have sweets. No, as a matter of fact I don’t. And even if I did, far be it from me to share them with you. Could stand to lose a few, couldn’t you, lardass? I can’t hear myself. *Thud!*

That little fucker just kicked me. Me! As if I was some common vagrant on the street. *Thud!* He did it again. Knock it off you little shithead, before I knock your teeth out and give them to your momma. *Thud!* Fuck! Why can’t I move? *Thud!* Why can’t I speak. What the fuck is going on? *Thud!*

“Hey mister, I said, you got any sweets?” the shit dared to ask again.

I swear I’m going to bash your head in. That confirmed it. I’m definitely not speaking out loud. Sounds like I am, feels like I am, but I can’t hear it. Can’t hear myself speak. *Thud!* Can’t hear myself think over this pounding. *Thud!* I’m being kicked. Again. *Thud!* Last thing I remember is being kicked. Over and over and *Thud!* over again. I swear, if this little fuck kicks me one more- *Thud!* That’s it, I’m gonna get up and kill this little fucker. We’ll see just how fun it is being kicked when it’s his blood staining my shoe. Never killed a kid before, this seems like the perfect time to start. I stand up, dust myself off, and look him right in the eye… Why am I looking him right in the eye? I’m every bit of six foot four. And I’m looking him right in the eye.

This is a dream. Houses aren’t made of candy. Streets are asphalt, not chocolate. And I’m a grown man looking a little boy in the eye.

“No sweets then. I guess we’ll just have to see how you fare farther down.”

That little fuck suddenly turned sadistic. Don’t know how he did it. One minute I’m staring a fat little fuck dead in the eye, next thing I know everything is going red. Not red like a fancy car or a firetruck, the cloudy red like a busted forehead won’t stop pouring blood into your eyes but you just gotta ignore it, just because that fucker across from you is still standing. But I think I’m gonna lose this fight. *Thud!* 