Part 1:
Connor McGregor loved fighting. In fact he LIVED for it. He always acted as if he cared for the wealth and fame his fights brought him, but deep down inside he knew that he could be dirt poor with no family or friends and he would still enjoy his life as long as there was someones teeth to punch in.

Sadly after many years of fighting McGregor's body took many hits. So many in fact that in his  current state of his 70s his body was weak and wobbly, to the point where a single punch to the stomach would send him to the hospital. Which is very coincidental as that's how McGregor ended up in the hospital this time 

Even in his withered old age McGregor still lived picking fights with others, which was unfortunate as they'd always end sith McGregor on the floor in agonizing pain, which usually guilted the assailant into calling an ambulance. That or they realized Connor was someone famous with powerful lawyers.

Usually McGregor would lay in the hospital bed for a few months at the worst but this time was different. The doctor didn't come in with a disappointed look and a lecture on why McGregor should quit fighting but that didn't happen this time. This time the doctor came in with only an explanation that falling onto rocks with your spine is an easy way to cripple yourself for life.

That was it. Connor's life and will to live was pretty much over. No legs means no kicking. And being in a wheelchair means his punches could only reach below the belt, which Connor hated as it was a cowards way to fight below the belt.

McGregor was ready to end it all right there had a man named Dr. Zandor showed up. 

Zandor was a fantastic surgeon for his age in his late 20s all the way to his early 30s never losing a single patient out of 78 "unsavable" victims. Zandor would have been the greatest surgeon possibly in history had it not been for the loss of his medical license for being found to do very odd rituals in his spare time.

It's obvious how Zandor saved his patients but people wanted to deny it as people tend to choose to deny the paranormal. However a dark spirit had come after Zandor and cursed him to whatever hospital he had ever been to, the patients were garunteed eternal damnation. Too bad Zandor made many visits to his Alzheimer ridden mother who happened to be in the same hospital as McGregor.

Zandor could never fight a demon that powerful but he knew who in the hospital could, and he knew how to convince him.

Everything fell into place then and there and it was a great deal for both parties. McGregor's ghost would allow him to go back to his physical prime, Zandor could atone for his sins and save others including his mother, and both would have a hell of a story to tell.

"By the way this coma isn't totally medical," Zandor told McGregor. "There's going to be a slight bit of ancient magic used."

McGregor was shocked at how little he cared about what Zandor said, cursing at Zandor to begin the ritual.

As McGregor woke up he felt everything again. He felt his invigorated muscles in his arms once more ready to destroy anything in their path. He felt his legs which could kick through a brick wall it seemed.