(Strong language warning, you have been warned)

I guess this was it wasn't it? I figured I would have been infected at some point but not so soon. I'm lying. I've had more time than what I had due. Heck, Jackson hadn't lasted 3 weeks in this fucked up world. Who was I to have lived 2 and a half years? 

I had to put down Fiora first. I never would have flinched in this position but with her... Well, it was different. She wouldn't have made it to the camp with her legs, turned into a gruesome mess. Soon as I heard her scream I could feel it. My blood rushing to my veins, my breath getting faster, anger dwelling up. I knew I'd have been bitten to death but I hadn't cared. Never really was the wary one. I had to kill the last one bare-handed, beat his head into a fucking pulp. 

Nothing would matter after she was gone and it really didn't. Now, I just wanted say my goodbyes and shoot myself, up on the cliff we used to go to. I would have had it easier than her, I yearned for punishment to somehow redeem myself, as if that could redeem me. 

As I made my way to the camp I was met with cheering voices and claps. Everyone was gathered around an APC, Army issued. I realized that we were saved, well they were at least. We were radioing them over the last 8 months or so but never made contact until then and this meant there was a significant develepment. I figured they would take us into a camp and I had already said I wouldn't be going if such an event would occur. More people usually meant more troubled. Some woman decides not to tell anyone else about her bitten son and next thing you know her whole family is feasting on the rest of the survivors. 

I was halted in my steps when I saw them giving the guys a vaccine. 'No, fuck no.' The soldier turned to me, about to say something. At that point I couldn't comprehend anything. My brain no longer registered. It hit me so hard it was like being hit by a truck. I stood there for a second. Had they been here an hour ago, she wouldn't have died. A part of me knew that it wasn't their fault but the other side of me shut him up. I knew what would happen but I did not care. Nothing in the world could make me care anymore, let alone myself. 

There was just blood at that point. I felt it, the rage, the helplesness, the loss, all of it simply burst, like a dam bursting out all of its' supply. The culling I made happen not so long ago should have been enough to satisfy me but it hadn't. It was all I had now. The rest of it went down the drain along with her. 

After I slid his throat I simply looked up, opened my arms to the sky. I hadn't realized it had started to rain. The soldier's friend lifted his gun, my friends started shouting, I smiled. The bullets ran through me like a symphony. It was weird, having so many holes on me. I guess they showed me for what I was: empty. Filled with nothing but rot. My mask was down, fpr everybody to see. See this wreck of a creature that used to call itself human. Rotten to the fucking core. 

A ray of light made its way to me. Ripping apart the clouds as it travelled downwards. Shadows gathered in the way of the sunlight as if to mock me, cast me from sunlight. Why were they blocking off the light? Why couldn't I have my fucking peace for once. Just kill me and let this fucking freakshow end. As if they had read my thoughts, a pistol was tilted toward me. I hoped it was mine. As if that would mean that I had died on my terms and not someone elses. The illusion of having control. We had no control over anything, not then and not now. Nature found its' way to fuck with us. 

Fuck it. See you on the other side. 

