Lightning fell, illuminated the weeping sky. The grief of heaven melted down the window pane; a slow dance, a glacial descent to the bare timber and barren ground.

I got lost in the dying raindrops, splashing, breaking as they struck the parched earth. I sipped my tea idly, as my mind circled with the thought of how, in their last struggles, the translucent slivers of tempest stretched, prayed and a blessing in the shape of another drop fell over them, healing them, enlarging them, until they became tiny ponds, filling the crevasses, slathering the thirsty surface.

Someday, it had to happen. Someday it had to pour. 

I left the teacup unfinished, the tea still exhaling coils of smoke. Drawing a deep breath, I grabbed, loaded my shotgun.

The true pain of the skies broke free. It pattered the roof with the force of arrows; thousands of them, incessantly. 

Soon, they slinked through the fissures of the brittle wood, creating many small ponds within my home. I aimed and examined them, expecting him, the flames gushing out his galls, his endless rows of crooked, scimitar-like teeth, and his unquenchable bloodthirst.

But he never came. 

The rain came to a halt. The clouds left, and the sun burned the remnants of the tempest to nothingness. I was joyous, for a curious feeling, like a shy breeze, caressed the sides of my heart, whispered in my brain, and sang odes of lifted curses in my ears.

I stowed back my shotgun, went back to my cup of tea. It would be cold by now, but a quick wash and it would be ready to be full aga--.

Blackness, a backdrop, thick, dense, whelming, shrouded me the moment I stepped into my kitchen. Amidst the nightmare, something shone, a teacup half-finished. It was hovering, a strange figure, darker than the shadows, seemed to be holding it.

"You didn't give up then."

"I can't," a voice echoed through the room. "This is as much a curse for me than it is for you and your ancestors. I can't escape my thoughts. They are tethered, chained with manacles, locked like a chest, not allowing any other thought to circle my brain. I have to eat you. That's my purpose."

"This is the end, then."

"It is."


---------------

r/NoahElowyn   