The pills rolled around in my palm with a newfound weight as the doctor finished his sentence. “How did you know?”.

 The doctor looked at me quizzically with an impatient glare, “What do you mean?”

“The voice. I never specified it was female. How did you know?” 

The doctor stiffened, his eyes darting away quickly. He seemed to quickly regain composure along with an alibi “Lucky guess?”

I stared at him with a look of disbelief. After a few seconds his body shifted with unbelievable speed to a scalpel on the nearby counter. He charged me silently, as to not alert the other workers. 

I screamed as he repeatedly tried to drive the scalpel into any piece of flesh available. Out of instinct I grabbed his wrist and drove him back into the wall, forcing him to drop it. The frail older man was pinned underneath me, and he had a look of fear and desperation in his eyes. 

“WHY!?”

The man stared solemnly back up at me. “I- I had t-... They made m-“

Suddenly the door burst open and another doctor rushed in, slamming the door behind me. 

“Thank god, this man just tried to k-“

He pulled a gun from his coat pocket, unlike one I had ever seen. It shimmered as if it’s composition was one of unknown material. A large silencer extended from the barrel. The man raised the gun to me. “You’re too dangerous to be left alive, ok? It’s best for the human race this way.” 

I tried to sputter out a sentence but couldn’t. The man’s finger slowly moved to the trigger. 

Something snapped inside me, unexplainable to anyone who hasn’t experienced it. It felt like floodgates had been released. I stared intently into the mans eyes, my every move made out of instinct. His eyes filled with fear as the gun slowly moved toward his own head. “Yo- You weren’t supposed to be developed yet. You’ve only just started hearing her...” I stared for a second longer before the man pulled the trigger, expelling an almost completely silent bullet through his own head.

My attention turned back to the first doctor. I stood up above him and twisted my hand, knocking him unconscious. The room was eerily silent. I stepped over the body of the second doctor as I made my way out of the room. The receptionist, oblivious to events that just occurred, turned to me “Scared of vaccinations? I heard the screaming.”

I ignored her and walked towards the exit.

As I stepped out into the world, everything seemed so clear. My head was suddenly filled with a foreign voice again. That angelic voice seeped into my mind. 

“You’re ready now. You need to be with others like you, where you can train. Meet me. You’ll know the way.” 