Thank heavens Shadow had impenetrable skin.

Why are knights so pesky? Is it that it intimidates them that a woman has a keep, filled with only women and children not of age, and no man?

Is it a fear of dragons? My poor Shadow wouldn't hurt a fly, except for the occasional sheep willingly given to her, or another pesky Knight who tried to stab her in her sleep. Emphasis on tried.

Or is it that the bards still talk of the time where these Dundee-headed knights would slay dragons, and the Princess would forever be grateful, and they would get a keep and a wench to screw? Did the idea that I had tamed the dragon not penetrate their thick helms?

I've tried everything. I tried sending messengers to every kingdom and castle and keep. I tried placing large planks with the message "dragon is tame, go in peace".

Perhaps they are tempted by a woman rules a keep? Could they not entertain the thought that like them, I too, prefer the curves of women.......

So let them try and burn, I decided. Shadow couldn't be harmed, and she wouldn't attack unless ordered by me or provoked. But that only doubled the number of knights. More and more knights tried to conquer Shadow, and in essence, me.

But that all changed yesterday.

Llysfaen, one of the most famed seamstresses and tanners of the land, visited my court. It is no secret that I, the Queen of Llanfairfechan, was promiscuous amongst women, and, well, she had often found herself beside me in.... Irrelevant.

Yesterday, she presented an idea. Shadow was beloved to everyone in the keep, and she found a way to discourage knights from trying to kill her.

When I saw it, I couldn't believe it.

This would strike fear into the hearts of all those foolish knights.

Rumors spread throughout the land. Finally, those knights stopped.

Then they sent an army with a Duke.

But we were prepared.

Out came shadow, clad in iron and chain mail, spewing fire and demolishing the army. And atop her, rode I.

I, Lilith, Queen of Llanfairfechan. Clad in full armor. My beloved pet Shadow, turned into my mount.

A force of Fire and Metal.

And then, that look of fear in every soldier, in every knight, told me that long after me, bards would still sing tales of my glory and my fury. 