I went to bed thinking I'd wake up to another damn monday. I did not expect waking up to a glowing red creature ripping of my blanket...

But still, that was what was happening. The red creature which I figured out was a demon, based on the burning portal behind him, grabbed my ankles and started pulling me towards the portal. For a moment I was silenced by disbelief, thinking I was either dreaming or the bread I ate before going to bed had been moldy. But dreams don't burn your ankles and moldy bread doesn't spawn demons... 

I snapped back to reality and started to scream and try to crawl back onto the bed, but the demon was too strong. It started laughing at my attempts to fight it, but recovered quickly and said, in a very dark voice; "Stop resisting before I kill you. You come with me or you die!" I let go of my mattress, crying "Please, I... I don't want to die. I don't want to go to hell!" with tears on my chins, because when I tried to fight, the demon had hardened it's grip, causing painful burns on my ankles.

"You're not going... Not right now. I need you." 

"Why do you need me? I don't recall selling my soul to you!"

The demon laughed. "I need you to settle a bet. You'll be free afterwards."

I was really confused. Why did it need *me*? But before I could start guessing, we popped out on the other side of the portal. It was dark, but surprisingly I couldn't feel any of the heat I imagined would be a vital part of hell. I couldn't see any lava, or anything for the matter. It was completely dark. After a couple seconds, the demon said: "Quiet. Stay here and don't move. I'll be back in a second." Suddenly I could see a door open and the demon disappeared into the light, closing the door after itself. I could hear faint talking from the other side. There was a female voice and the distinct, dark sound of the demon. 

"Do you still stand behind your words?" I could hear the demon ask.

"Yes absolutely. I already told you. I asked for a man to marry. Literally any man. I'm desperate." the female voice replied.

"You really sure about that?"

What on earth, or hell for that matter, is happening, I thought, as the door opened again, blinding me. I could see the shape of the demon in the doorway. 

"Come out." 

I complied and, while getting up, hit my head on something, which I soon realized was a coat hanger. After I got out of the closet, still slightly blinded by the light, I saw a female sitting on a bed. She had long red hair and was dressed in a pajamas. I could see she had been crying. Beside her stood the demon. I could finally get a good look of it. It had two grey horns on it's head, five eyes and a mustache. Oddly enough the mustache was what confused me the most in its look. It looked at the woman and asked:

"Well?"

The woman looked at me in horror. "Th- that's not a man... That's some creature you summoned from the depts of Hell! No way!"

The demon started laughing. "I warned you. It's a real human, I woke him up from his own bed and dragged him here. Isn't that right?" 

I nodded. I had so many questions, but before I could ask anything, the demon continued. "Soo... Are you willing to marry him?"

She sat silent for a moment. "No way. Did you fetch him from a cave or something!? There is no way you get me to marry *that* thing."

"So then I won." replied the demon. "You said any man."

"I asked for a man. Not a caveman."

"It's a man. Just of the more... hopeless version."

I started to catch up to the conversation, finally understanding why I was brought here. But I wasn't a hopeless creature, was I? "Hey, that's not true. I am not..." I started, but the demon cut me off. 

"You have one more chance. You asked for a man. I brought you a man. What do you say?"

"I am not marrying that monster!" she replied. "Even if it means I go to hell."

"Fine. You remember the rules. If you don't marry him, I get to take you with me." 

She sighed and, after a moment of silence, said: "Why did *you* answer my prayers..."

The demon laughed. "First come, first served. Now say goodbye to this world." It turned to me and told me to look away. I turned around and shut my eyes. She's going to die behind me. What have I got involved in? I could hear a faint cry and then silence. After a moment the demon came over to me. "Now, let's get you back home."

The demon summoned a portal right in front of us. We squeezed through it and as we did, I could feel the floor of my apartment. The demon looked at me and said: "Sorry for the trouble man. Here, take these." He gave me a plastic bag with something inside it. "Now go back to sleep."

I woke up the next morning wondering what the hell happened. It must have been a dream. There is no way that was real. Demons don't exist. Portals don't exist. It was a dream. I told myself that while I got up. Suddenly I saw the plastic bag. Where did that come from? I picked it up and looked inside. Inside it was a gift card to a movie theater, a bottle of shampoo and a razor. Shit, had it been real after all? Did I seriously look that bad?