As little Sara slept softly next to me, I pulled her file from my nightstand, flipping through the first dozen pages again; by all accounts, her life before I fostered her was filled with all manner of strangeness. Her birth mother, Tara Grace-Cooper, was an accountant at a big law firm about an hour into town. Tara's life, according to the file, was relatively normal: she drove to work for 8am in her red hatchback and was out by 3pm, and spent an hour at the gym - some big month-to-month membership affair - before coming home. Occasionally she'd go out for drinks with friends, or to watch a movie, and get home in the early hours before dawn, but those nights were rarer for the livelihood of her daughter. Tara's husband, Ben Cooper, lived the quiet life of a stay at home father, taking care of their little girl while mommy was at work. There isn't much on what he used to do before - something about being a sales manager - but by all accounts he didn't have many friends and went out even less than Tara had. Tara and Ben Cooper, just a normal married couple living out a peaceful life in the suburbs. On paper, they didn't have a single skeleton in the closet - until you read the personal accounts.

Tara's coworkers talk about the weird way the room gets colder when she walks in, how she's always within earshot or how you can catch her staring into empty hallways during late nights at the office. Accounts from her friends aren't as odd, maybe because they've known her longer, but not a single one can seem to remember, consistently, how they met her. Was it at a bar or have they known each other since school? Did they grow up together on the same street or meet on a trip out of town? 

What personal accounts we have about Ben point in a completely different direction. The people at the grocery store he frequents say he's forgetful to a T: misremembering names and paying for groceries then leaving them at checkout, spacing out for minutes at a time in the middle of an isle. They always remember his face, though, when he forgets himself, calling it still and drained, like a statue or a person caught in a deep sleep but with their eyes - dull, unblinking - open.

I'd talked with the Cooper's neighbours earlier this week, trying to get a feel for what they were like around their own home. Some of the things they'd told me were hard to believe, hard to stomach sometimes, but impossible to ignore: a single, almost manic, laugh from Ben in the middle of the day, Tara bringing home some two or three friends after a night of drinking and leaving with one less in the morning - none of whom seemed to notice the absence, and, through everything, not a single cry or scream from little Sara Cooper. 

It was all too strange not to look into. I should have taken a hard pass over the Coopers earlier but other cases got in the way; when Tara and Ben died a week ago with no living relatives to speak of, I jumped on instinct at the chance to take the case and the girl. So far, everything had gone smoothly: I had temporary custody of Sara and a team of investigators was doing a thorough sweep of the Cooper home as well as taking a second look at their backgrounds. All I had to do was wait and hope it was all a misund-

*Brring bring. Brring brring.*

"Hello, this is Cardale speaking."

A man's voice answers, shaking, "H-hey Sam, look I've, I've got news about the Coopers. I'm forwarding it to your email now. It's frickin' strange."

"Hey Fetter, what do you mean stran-" I say before the line cuts off. Rude. I start dialing his number when my phone vibrates; new email received.

Opening it, I see immediately what Fetter meant. Only he had it wrong; it wasn't strange, it was downright terrifying. The first few were pictures of the main floor: the kitchen, living room, study - all normal. The basement was another story. A dozen pictures of one large open concept basement covered in filth: dirt, shit and dried blood were everywhere - along the walls and on floors, dead rats piled into corners a foot high and scrawling circles in black ink covered what little could be seen of the roof. Support beams had symbols carved straight into the concrete: a star with a teardrop eye at its core, black, stick-like suns and swirling tendrils seemingly without end. At the centre of the room sat a small, rough basket only half covered by a grey, wool blanket. Everything from the circles on the roof to the piles of rats surrounded the makeshift basket-crib like it was the centre and focus of whatever all that death was supposed to be for. 

"Shit. Fuck!"

It was nothing I hadn't seen before, we dealt with occult cases all the time, but for all of it to surround a young girl barely two years old felt like a sick joke. Grabbing my keys from the nightstand, I got up and cracked open the bottom drawer of my desk and carefully took out a file from the back. It had every symbol used by cults, maniacs and Lovecraftian fanatics over the last hundred years, carefully collected and curated by paranatural researchers the world-over. I scanned through them for the better part of the night, cross referencing and triple checking to make sure what I was reading matched the basement's symbols exactly. 

The Coopers had each, independently, promised Sara to both Dark and Outer gods of several different mythos' like it was a fucking bidding war. If they knew what they were doing was no joke - sane enough to understand that these beings listened when they were called - and if they were still alive I would have gone over there and killed them on the spot. But they were already gone and had instead left their daughter to deal with the fallout; with the burden of choosing between one monster and another.

I wracked my brain for a solution, a way to cheat the bargains, until dawn when Sara woke up, crying. There wasn't a way out. There never is when you're dealing with shit this big, even death can't stop them from coming to collect. I walked over to the bed, picking her up and softly rocked her back and forth, mind still racing for anything I could do to get Sara out of a life of pain and suff- that was it. They always had to choose, the sacrifices, when the time came. Something offered isn't worth as much as something given, and these beings would ask her to choose for herself. Sure they might dress it up or threaten her with unspeakable horrors but still. She would have to choose.

I smiled sadly down at little Sara, almost tearing up, as I put her back on the bed, still crying. It wasn't a perfect solution, and maybe I'd come up with something better down the road, but it was a chance and it was one I was willing to take. I picked up the phone again, dialing Fetter.

"Sam? Did you get-"

"Tell the Agency it's bad. Real bad. Tell them I'm taking full custody of the child and they should start working on prep for a Level 5 emergency."

"Level- Wait what do you mean you're-" I hear as I hang up the phone, taking out the SIM card and crushing it against the wall.

If she had to choose between an eternity of pain and suffering or an early death then I was going to make damn sure she wouldn't be capable of making the wrong choice - or any choice, for that matter. Call it inhumane if you want - abusive, at the least, is what I'd call it. Abusive, but necessary. I'd raise her to be unsure, indecisive and anxiety ridden, so heavily saddled with doubts and fears and so unstable that it would break her a dozen times over, but never enough to push her over the edge. She would be there, physically, when it came time to make a choice, but she wouldn't be there mentally - never there mentally.

Looking down at Sara again, I wiped away a tear that was starting to run down my cheek before swallowing hard, forcing my face to first be impassive before slamming into anger, hate. 

"Shut it, you little shit."