“Strange.” I said as I blinked myself into the light of the new day. It has been two days and I am not dead. 
“You’re not dead!” James had woken up. He shuffled around to bring himself upright in the pile of trash bags we slept on. 
“No, I suppose I’m not.”
“Feel alright?”
“Fine I think.” This doesn’t make any sense. The disease is relentless without the medicine. People have died from missing one dose and yet here I am. 
“Where’d you get the extra pills? Why did you spin me all that nonsense the other day about ‘your last one?’” 
“Hm?” I was thinking, not listening; after a moment, his words processed. “Not nonsense. I haven’t had a dose in 60 hours.”
“Bah! You’re a liar. I never bothered with liars.” He went back to sleep.

It was a brisk morning. James wasn’t really my friend, we just happened to hobo a lot of the same areas and managed to get along without much trouble. I spent my days looking for change on the streets sometimes with James, mostly alone. In the old days, before this disease, I could have begged for it. I suppose I can still beg all I want, but the price of the medicine has only ever gone up and I can’t blame anyone for tightening their grips on their wallets.

The thing is, I wasn’t homeless in the old days. This is the latest in a series of heartbreaking developments that I have undergone to keep affording my dose. I bought the house just before the outbreak. It was a ‘buyer’s market’ at the time, so they told me. I went with the nicer of my options. “Why not?” It was time to start my life, maybe find a house I’d spend the rest of my life in. I was in the market for a wife who’d give me a family and the future was beautiful. It was supposed to be so beautiful. So, the outbreak happened and it looked like the end of the world. I mean everyone on the news just kept talking about the incredibly low survival rate and how contagious it was -even as airborne diseases go. And then we were saved. Some big pharma company came out with a daily pill cocktail that would allow you to cheat the apocalypse if you had deep enough pockets. I could barely afford the pills and the house payments. I tried to re-finance, but the economy was in shock and there was no give, only take. I tried to sell the house, but no one was buying houses, just pills, it was like the only thing anyone was buying was these pills, but what choice was there?

Then it mutated. Thousands died – again, and the world was ending – again, but just before we lost hope, we were saved – once again by the same company. More pills in the cocktail and, you guessed it, more expensive. Two or three mutations later and twenty or thirty thousand more dead, I couldn’t afford my house. The economy being what as it was, rent had skyrocketed. I couldn’t find a place cheap enough and with the reduced hours at work and the ever-increasing cost of not dying, I was out of options. 

When they started laying people off, I’m sure I was near top of the list. Word had gotten around that I was living on the streets. It was rather obvious I think, but the final nail in the coffin was when Venessa from sales saw me in an alley on her way home from dinner. 

By pawning what little I had left and finding change in the streets for food, I bought myself six months. That’s six months of pills and six months of bare minimum food and water. That was six months ago, and now I’m… not dead. 
I managed five quarters and a penny in the hour and a half I’ve been wandering the streets. It was hardly worth the disgusting looks and the frightened children, but it was something. 

For months, I’ve felt like an addict. Scraping together cash for just one more dose, letting everything in my life fall to pieces just trying to get my next fix. And for what? Suddenly, I felt angry. I am supposed to die now. This doesn't make any sense. I've been dying for months and now I'm fine? It's a mistake. Everyone has the disease and no one survives without pills. This is a mistake. It's just taking its time with me. I wouldn't have given everything I had for pills I didn't need. Ridiculous. 

I found another nickel on the sidewalk and started toward the bridge. 
The bridge is a good spot, people don’t feel comfortable enough to stop and pick up change. More for me.
I’m probably just minutes from death. I bet it’s just not something you feel right away, then out of nowhere you’re doubled over in pain and that’s all she wrote. Any second now, I bet my organs will start shutting down and I’ll die right here on this bridge. I have to, I HAVE TO die. I have nothing left…

The wind pushed back my shaggy hair and beard. I closed my eyes and the disease pushed me over the side. The disease made me fall to my death. The disease killed me just like I knew it would. I’m just glad the pills bought me some time.