I sat in a quaint lounge room. Small, old, maybe just a little musty. The kind of place you'd expect grandparents to live. The largest problem I had with this was that moments before, I had been standing on a chair, fastening a noose around my neck. I had nothing to live for now she was gone. I hadn't come to the decision quickly, but rather the kind of gradual, drawn out shift in attitude towards what was left for me in life led me to that moment.
The light flickered in the centre of the roof, a lone moth struggling to get inside the bulb.

I turned to my left, and braced myself on the right armrest. A young man sat on the lounge beside me, his sneer all but obliterating any chance he had of seeming handsome.
"Welcome to my home" he chuckled. "I've been expecting you."
Satan had been using this method for an eternity by now. The reality is that time doesn't work here the way we are used to on Earth. He has time to sit with each individual soul and teach them the true meaning of suffering. All part of the deal, see. Once you've faced hell, you can be redeemed, and go on to heaven. When he explained he was going to have me rewatch my life on the small, outdated television in front of us, I laughed out loud. I lived a mere 40ish years (I stopped caring in the last few), so there was no way it was going to be a long video.

"How the fuck is that supposed to be torment? I essentially get to relive it? You know I didn't even believe in an afterlife when I killed myself? I get to see her again."

The devil sat beside me and smiled, his perfect white teeth somehow mismatched against the rest of his features. "It's got extra features?" He laughed again. "Let's just get into it, shall we?"

He reached for the remote and began the video.
I sat back and relaxed into the lounge. I was gonna be here awhile. No reason not to be comfortable.

The first years went by quickly, when I was a child people's thoughts of me didn't have much depth to them. All they could think was to teach me. Looking back with the perspective I have now, it really made me think. Children are assholes.

We moved on. The video continued to pass quickly until I was 5. I started school. On the first day, a chubby little kid was getting bullied by two boys I know recognised as friends later in life. I stood back and watched as they tormented him, tears and mucus dripping from his face. The video stopped, rewound and started again from the beginning of the scene. This time I ran over and told off the boys, and helped the chubby bubby up.

This was wrong. This wasn't how that went. I remembered this. Vaguely. I watched him, laughed and moved on. I never helped that kid. The video shows me the ways I helped the kid, the ways his life was changed by my act of kindness. Then it rewinds to the beginning of the scene and continues.

"People are usually confused for longer. You've been pretty quick catching on I'll give you that." I turned to the man next to me, my eyes wide with horror.
"The torment isn't what you did. It's what you didn't. What could of been if you acted differently."

Satan stood and walked to the door behind us, placing the remote in my hand as he left.
"Do enjoy it. You'll get to see her again, as you said. I'm sure you'll  love the other ways things could have turned out the night you drove, drunk, into a tree and killed her."

I turned and faced the screen once more. The door closed quietly behind me. A tear slid down my face.