Tomorrow is my 15th birthday and I’m certain we’ll have the annual “family and no friends” surprise gathering at the house.  I always hate how Dad manages to guilt everyone to come over and eat the awful grilled burgers of his while Mom tells embarrassing stories.  

It was a typical summer day, but the doorbell rang.  We never have guests so I slipped next to the door to hear who it was.  I feel like I knew the voice, but couldn’t place it.  I could tell that my Dad was upset about something so I came out of the room to the hallway.  There, as I peeked around the corner, I saw my Dad for the 1st time and I knew what that meant.  Ever since the Kneely twins when I was 6, my grand mother when I was 10, the nice lady on the bus, I always knew.  

Seeing my Dad for the 1st time was odd, but not as odd as seeing him so visibly worked up, yet having and insincere smile.  He asked the stranger to come in and have a seat while he called my mother into the living room with them.  I could hear her coming through the kitchen and just as she entered, I saw my Mom!  She’s absolutely beautiful with her blonde hair pulled back, flour on her dress and her soft wrinkles around her eyes.  Who is this stranger and what is about to happen?!  

I looked into where a mirror hanged and still darkness.  Whoever this is, he isn’t here to hurt me.  I came and sat on the sofa next to Mom, when Dad spoke up.  “Son, I have someone I’d like to introduce to you.  This is Mr. Harvey.  He has came a long way to find you”.  Mom is crying for some reason as she leaves to go back to the kitchen.  “I’m going to let you two catchup” said dad as he turned to console his mother.  

I hear the voice of Mr. Harvey, “You don’t know me or why I’m here, but I know you and I know you can see them”.  I sat in silence, wondering how anyone can know this!  “Not to worry, as the guiding develops, the empathy dissolves” said Mr. Harvey.  As we talked, I realized that I’m what is known as a Seeker.  I don’t see people because they are passing soon.  People pass soon because I decide to see them, giving sight the the Taker.  