The Admiral let out a relieved sigh as the last lifeboat slipped into the dark waves.  She ruffled her pink hair with relief as she checked the dimly illuminated pressure gauges. The steam pressure continued to fall and the cannon fire of the Dominion ships grew ever closer.

Meanwhile in one of the many lifeboats the wealthy heiress pressed the back of her dainty hand to her forehead. Surely this was the most _dire_ situation yet! The uncouth laborers bent their backs to the oars and they continued to slip away from the trusty warship that had protected them for so long.

In the distance the ironside began to turn, depleted steam oozing from the stacks. Suddenly there was a cheer from the lifeboats. The lights of the ironside brightened, smoke belching from the smokestacks.  Commodore Maverick stood up in the life raft to get a better look, nearly upsetting the balance of the tiny boat.

"My god, she's brilliant! No one has ever thought of this before!" The heiress followed his gaze blankly.  "Tried what, Commodore?", she asked.  He rubbed his chin thoughtfully and replied: "I do believe that this is the first time in the history of naval warfare that a person in a ship is attempting to **RAM** another person. Who is also in a ship.  They'll never suspect what she is planning!"

Back on the ironside the Admiral looked at the engine speed lever. With a disappointed sigh the Admiral used the last of the coke to stoke the boiler, then advanced the engine throttle to light speed ahead. Despite sacrificing her family, her previous 17 crews, and even her Netflix subscription there was still one more thing that she had left to give the cause. With a growl of defiance the empty ship *surged* forward. "It must be going at least 15 knots!", she thought to herself in wonder.

The heiress fainted as a cannon shell missed the ironside and hit one of the lifeboats.  A roiling column of sparks and smoke erupted from the debris as the explosion echoed from the cliffs of the nearby island. Despite the fear of bombardment everyone stopped and simply watched the ironside as it steamed most determinedly towards the enemy cruiser.

The ironside collided with the cruiser, the boiler instantly exploding in a massive explosion of steam and shrapnel. Everyone was deafened when a shockwave battered into the listing lifeboats, capsizing several. The Commodore nodded with satisfaction.  It was going to take days to pull the dent from that cruiser.




