Death looked sadly at Life, who was sitting in her chair, waiting for the last light to go out and for all the heat to dissipate. Life was slumped over, almost catatonic, lips pursed but her eyes were rapidly dashing back and forth across the cosmos and all of reality. Death just felt defeated, it had been so long since he had to take a soul. Was he here because he needed to take her soul? Or to simply witness the final moments of reality?

His scythe pointed back and fourth between them. Death thought that was strange because it usually just points toward the life that needs to be taken, like a compass. He reluctantly walked forward until Life noticed him. She sighed, "You are here to take both me and the universe, huh? I knew this day would come."

Death pulled up a chair, sat beside her, and put down his scythe. He was afraid of what would come next. He had never hated Life, quite the opposite. What would he do after there were no souls to usher along? The question troubled him, but Life looked at him and knew what was on his mind, as she always had. She put a gentile hand on his face and removed his hood, "You won't have to work another day. You won't have to take anymore souls. The universe is gone, love. It's okay."

Death felt a wash of emotion simultaneously while feeling comforted. They may have been opponents, but they relied on each other. It was always a fun game for them, as well as a job. They respected and needed each other. Most of all, they loved and cared for each other. He threw his chair into the blackness in frustration.

Life took her chair and moved it asside, to sit on the floor where he was sprawled out. She grabbed his hand and kissed it, held it against her chest. They turned together as the last white dwarf went dark. Suddenly, the universe was dark. No more light, no more potential for life, no more anything.

"I don't want it to end," Death finally spoke.

"Come here. We will always have each other. We had a good run." 

They embraced as the scythe began to glow. They looked into eachother's eyes as the light from the Reaper's Scythe engulfed both of them, and their bodies joined the coldness of the now dead universe.

Without life, there is no death, only nothing.