He didn't know when he had started lying.

It hadn't started out that way. He'd been young, ambitious and naive, determined to use his power for good. It had taken a long time for people to trust him, but he'd been right about enough shady politicians and greedy businessmen that it had been impossible for others to deny his gift. Slowly and steadily, he had found himself rising in the public sphere. "A beacon of hope in a world filled with corruption," was what he'd been called.

Somewhere along the way, he'd started embellishing in his reports. He painted a defense lawyer as a devil when their only intention was to do their job fairly as the law required. He painted a struggling businessman as a thief and a celebrity donation to charity as 'for PR reasons only' when that wasn't entirely true. He painted a good-intentioned politician as a liar, just to cast a shadow on his image because he didn't like the guy's ideology.

Nobody ever questioned him.

He wasn't sure why he'd started, either. Maybe he just wanted to see if people *would* question him. Maybe he liked the idea of everyone trusting him so much they took his every word as gospel, even when they shouldn't.

Regardless, he had to find a way to hide all of that now.

He'd heard the rumours, of course. A young lad named Imran, with the same gift he had, as young and purposeful as he had once been - and he had been talked into a dinner with him.

Imran would see right through him in a second if he wasn't careful - would see him desperately gripping onto the power he had attained and the lies he told about other people. His path forwards was clear: he had to destroy Imran first.

Without Imran seeing it coming.

He had no idea how to hide his intentions from someone such as himself or Imran. He knew people could, sometimes, just for a minute, but it wasn't as if he could ask them how. They'd want to know why, and his empire of lies would come tumbling down.

He took a deep breath.

"Mr. Littlewood?" a voice asked. He looked up to see the lad, a mere twenty-two years old while he approached seventy, standing by the table.

"Imran, I presume?" he said, and Imran nodded. "Take a seat."

The kid's expression was carefully controlled as he sat down, but he could see the too-wide eyes and slightly raised brows that betrayed Imran's shock.

And, of course, the swirling patterns and colours that surrounded him, which had transformed from something curious into something menacing.

It was too late. Imran already knew.

"You're not what I expected," the boy said.

"Nor am I," he told him, honestly.

Imran frowned. "How do you mean?"

The old man smiled slightly. "Forty...fifty years ago, I was you," he said. "Ready to make the world a better place, and all that."

Imran stared at him for a long moment. "Are you trying to lie to me?" he asked eventually, a hint of anger lacing his voice. "I can see who you are. You don't want to make the world a better place - you want people to trust you, and you want to abuse that trust."

He sighed. "I think you misunderstood me, Imran," he explained. "I wasn't lying to you. I was warning you. This gift gives you knowledge, but it also gives you power. And power will change you." He paused, taking a long moment to look at Imran's reserved expression. "Someday, in a few decades time, you will understand. I was you, and you will become me."

Imran surveyed the old man slowly. "I will never become as selfish as you are," he said finally, standing up to leave. "You have betrayed the trust the whole world has put in you, and I'll make sure everyone knows it."

"You do that," he said, "and they will never trust you the same way they trusted me."

The kid stared at his predecessor for a long moment. "Maybe," he said. "And maybe I don't want them to."