Ryonar trembled at the sight of his parents landing at his castle. They were the apotheosis of might. Black scales, tremendous size, and unmatched bloodthirst.

"Son," Barlon--his father-- said, locking his fire imbued eyes on his, "it has come to our attention that you aren't kidnapping princesses but princes."

Alethela--her mother--huffed haughtily. "He's also feeding them with feasts worthy of kings, Barlon."

"Is that true, son?" Barlon crawled toward him. "Are you wasting your treasures?"

Ryonar fidgeted and looked away. How could he explain this? "I-I have lot of riches, and I enjoy being a good host."

"A good host for *princes*?" Alethela snapped. "How many do you have in here?"

Ryonar took a deep breath. There was no use in lying anymore. They had cornered him. "Seventy two."

"For god's sake, Alethela." Barlon stomped the ground, sending boulders flying to the sides. "Don't push him."

Alethela huffed again, annoyed.

"Son," Barlon said, "can you tell us why aren't you kidnapping princesses?"

"Father." Ryonar met Barlon's Gaze, and then turned to Alethela. "Mother. There's no point in lying to you anymore. I've grown to hate shining crowns, and love the length and girth of a well crafted sword."

Barlon frowned. "Then why don't you steal swords, *and* princesses?"

"Oh, my sweet darling." Alethela shook her head. "How can you be so naive. He likes men's *flesh.*"

"I understand that," Barlon said. "He can always eat them. I've eaten entire armies."

Ryonar and Alethela glared at him.

"What?" Barlon struggled to understand the hidden meaning, but after a couple minutes of awkward silence, he spoke, "Oh. Seventy two?" His eyes widened. "At least you inherited our greed. Well I mean not at least. I meant. Bah! Forget it.

"We love you anyway son, just be cautious and aware."

Alethela flew toward her son's side, and embraced him in her wings. "Your father is right. You might like swords, but they are sharp, and they can make you bleed. We won't judge your tastes, but be aware of those who seek the praise of slaughtering Barlon's son."

Ryonar smiled. "No sword can pierce the thickness of my scales. Believe me. We have tried enormous crossbows and the sharpest arrows. Great times." He chuckled

The room fell silent. That might have been too much.

---------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall For more (not so strange) stories!
