Celeste gripped her arms. Her hands glowing like a magnesium flare. She had been charging her attacks for three days. The relentless banging on her door had stopped long ago when her brother, Kai gave up on her.

It felt like space-time was warping around her. She could see objects bending and warping; the hum of electrics filling the room. She looked down at her hands. 
"Now's a good as time as any." She mumbled. Closing her eyes, she released her attack. There was a brief moment of calm; and then the world shook.

They saw it out in space on the ISS. Debris and rocks ejecting out into low earth orbit. The british isles nothing more then an empty hole in the ocean taking most of coastal europe with it. Once water rushed in, tsunami's swept over the rest. It would be years and trillions before Europe would recover.

Dust turned the world dark, and the panic spread with it. A nuclear winter had just arrived and countries were trying to figure out whether to launch or not. Kai watched on a broken tv, in a desolate cafe sipping his coffee with one hand. He checked his hand. 2 days worth of charging here and it still wouldnt be enough. He waited.

3 months down the line and the world had lost half of its population now. China and the functional remains of russia had annexed as far as italy now. America was preparing for war while it underwent marshall law, it's citizens holed up like rats. Kai stood there in the shelters keeping his arm concealed. Just a little longer. 

4 months and he was the only one left. The rest of them had starved and he was forced to use them to keep charging. It was worth it he would mutter as the bombs fell, as the world screamed around him, he could wait.

And once he did; there was a flash. An implosion of energy that torn space-time to shreds. Kai opened his eyes to see everything. The entire universe and all its constituants at every time and every space. It took the form of white noise, if you didnt know what to look for. Kai stepped forward. He knew his destination. The noise collapsed into atoms, into planets, into galaxies and soon he found himself in front of a familiar bedroom door. He knocked politely, opening it. Celeste sitting on her bed staring at her hand. Kai gently put his over hers shaking his head softly. 
"Leave the world in peace for another day." 