Alan Watts invited me into his humble home. "Would you like some tea?"

"No, I'm alright. Do you know I'm literally from the future?"

He chuckled at that.

We spent exactly 5 minutes talking about philosophy. (It stops being an interesting discussion when both individuals can agree that the meaning of life is simply that **this** is it!)

The two of us sat down together and sipped our tea. He asked me about my time period. I rambled on about how I listened to all of his lectures on the internet. I had to stop and define the internet, and the idea that the entire world was interconnected through technology. I told him a very factual picture of the year 12016 HE. I described Donald Trump, Telsa, SpaceX, Google, and Facebook. I rambled about mobile phones, about apps, about podcasts and Youtube. I described a drink called Soylent which replaced food. Alan was incredibly kind- he let me talk about myself for a good hour.

Eventually, Alan Watts remarked, "Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. Tell me, you come all of this *time* to meet me. Do you even know who you are?"

This confused me. What does that mean?

"Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. You come from a land of technology and convenience. You've been talking about it for the last hour! It defines you, yet you bring yourself to me, in a machine that changes your appearance every time you use it. So look at yourself! Look in the mirror! Who are you?"

I shook my head in complete disbelief as I excused myself and went to the bathroom. I looked at myself in the mirror.

I saw myself in the mirror as a being of complete light. I could not make the defining features of my face- it was as if someone held a quarter up against the sun and tried to read the year stamped by the mint.

I stared at the back of my hands. I realized I truly didn't know the back of my hand at all.

I reached up and touched my face. I could feel... a nose? Eyes? A mouth? But they were as foreign to me as individual drops of water in a rainstorm. I knew I was human, but I no longer knew who I was.

I tried to remember memories. I thought about my family, but I've been time traveling so long and adopting so many different lives that I could no longer distinguish my 'family' from the families of the people I've time traveled into. I thought about everything I've ever made, all the stories I've written. I thought about all of the things that I have done but couldn't come up with anything.

The only thing I have done was observe. Read. Watch. Listen. Even when I speak, all I have done was regurgitate thoughts and ideas created by others. I have never created language from nothing, only used it as it was taught to me by others. I have never created an entirely new idea. If I took away the universe around me, if I took away this 'internet', or 'time machine', or all of my experience, I would have... what exactly? 

I stepped back out of the bathroom and met up with Alan.

Alan looked at me. He stared into my face with a clarity- with an intensity that I could not give myself. I understood in that moment that he would know me better than I could ever know myself.

I stammered, "I really don't know who I am, but I know that I exist because I'm aware of it."

Alan Watts smiled slyly at me. "Welcome to the Universe. Enjoy 12016, 12017 and the rest of the ride."

I nodded and smiled. I instantaneously remembered how the time machine worked. Once you come to the realization that you are the universe, you perceive reality in 4 dimensions. I muttered a word under my breath and instantly became enlightened in another time.