I looked at the genie before me with full conviction through weary eyes. If I only had one wish, I'd use it for a second chance.

"Take me back in time to my biggest mistake, so I can have a second chance at living my life," I told the wispy being hovering before me. He was soft, like a cloud, yet somehow rugged at the same time.

"As you wish," he replied. "May I ask, before you go- what do you believe your biggest mistake is?"

Easy question. "Keeping my son. When the doctors told us how hard it would be to raise him... I wanted to be brave. To feel comviction. I wanted to reaffirm my strength and help him live the best life possible.

"I was horribly wrong."

"And why is that, human?"

"I lost my entire life trying to help him. Sleepless nights, fits where he barely knows who I am. I want my life back. I want another chance to spend my days doing something I love, maybe pick up a better career or just fucking *relax* some nights. I already did it once, and now I want a break."

"I see." The genie snapped its fingers, the cracking sound of lightning resounding through my small home. "May you find peace."

I closed my eyes and felt a lightness take over me, knowing that when I'd open them, it'd all be over. It'd be easy, and fun. But all I saw was his face, floating in the dark of my mind. Smiling about nothing at all. *I wish I could be happy like that.*

When my eyes opened, the genie was still before me. "I don't understand. Was there a glitch?"

"I know not of what you speak, human. Make your wish."

"I made my wish already, take me the fuck back."

"To where? I know not of your wants.

*What is this? Why am I here, if...*

"Tell me your wish, human. Choose wisely."

I went to speak it again, but the words caught in my throat. I saw his face again, not the one he made during a fitful rage, but the one when he calmed down and looked into my eyes afterward.

"I wish I were a better father."

The genie let out a laugh from the deepest portion of its belly. "I cannot grant a wish which has already been granted to you."

With that, he was gone. And in a way, I felt relieved that he was.

-----

^*/r/resonatingfury*