Imagine waking up and finding out you were Hitler? Or you had actually been a slave master in a past life? 

Yeah, nobody was sitting next to those versions of us which was both hilarious, and uncomfortable. We had all been watching a version of myself, named Moses burn New York to the ground, when a fight had broken out between my 12th and 30th incarnation. 

My 12th incarnation had been a prince from Africa who had murdered his father in order to ascend to the throne, yeah Mo'Turambe was kind of a dick.

My 30th incarnation had been a slave from what would've been Mali who had been at the wrong place at the wrong time, Aze was not a woman you'd like to fight.

Our current incarnation was burning down New York due to a disagreement between what would be called "altered" and "natural" humans. Moses had turned into the Messiah after rescuing multiple "altered" humans from what could simply described as a concentration camp. 

The altered humans were humans with powers that had been discovered after a nuclear attack on New York 12 years prior. Yeah, New York City can't catch a break lately it seems. The fight had broken out because Aze had said that Moses had every right to burn the city down after the damage they had caused to his people. Mo'Turambe argued that he should simply subjugate the lesser humans, and take the city as his own.

Both of them were being ridiculous if you asked me, but Aze wanted to make a statement, where Mo'Turambe wanted to make a kingdom. Moses seemed to be more in line with Aze's form of thinking, he was razing the city to let the humans know that he was not one to be trifled with, and his people would no longer be treated like tools.

"Aaaaaahhhhhh" all of our heads snapped back towards the screen trying to understand what we had all missed.

A little girl couldn't have been more than 10 had gotten in Moses's way, and his hand raised towards her a bright green light engulfing it. 

"NO DON'T DO THIS, MOSES!" I yelled at the top of my lungs nothing could justify this.

Time seemed to freeze on the screen, Moses head turned towards the camera looking directly at it. This...... Wasn't normal the camera had always been over the shoulder like in some video games. The camera seemed to scared to look away, as Moses charcoal black eyes looked directly at it.

"They will learn, and eventually you will too" he said. His voice cold, and empty. A bolt of  green lightning shot forward  and before we could look away the girl had burned away to nothing. 

Mo'Turambe clucked disapprovingly "Killing a child is ridiculous if you can't justify the blood on your hands fool"

New York burned in the background as several beings of power flew around the city. 