Lieutenant Colonel Freeman sighed. The gunfire starting to die down. He knew it wasn't a good type of die down either. It wasn't stopping because they were winning. It was stopping because his men were dying. 

The General had already been killed and that put command over this base on him. The General had declared this a level 1 emergency before he had died. But if they broke the surface it would have to escalate more. There was no way they could evacuate even a 10th of the planet in time. No, they would have to detonate the nuke and take out the facility before the surface could be breached. 

The Lieutenant Colonel looked over at his remaining staff, Sargent Jackson and Captain Koh, the only ones to stay behind and help keep command while everyone else was fighting to protect the bunker.

"Captain, run over who has escaped again." Asked the Lieutenant Colonel.

"Sir, the Martians escaped and freed the Venutions, who freed the Plutonions, who freed the chubacabra, which chewed through the cage of the big foots, uh feet? Regardless, they in turn broke the aquarium holding the Loch Ness monster, which fried our systems and unlocked the cages for the Giants, unicorns, Michael Jackson, Elvis, and the original Paul McCartney. They are all fighting for the surface and are at the main bulk head."

The Lt. Colonel sighed "shit."

"Sir," this time it was the Sargent's turn to speak, "the President is on the line."

The Lt. Colonel sighed again and looked at his computer screen, "put him through." His skin crawling as the lizard appeared on screen.

"Colonel, I am aware of your situation. It is now a level 0. Handle this now." The President hissed.

The screen went black and it seemed so did all the noise. Slowly the Lt. Colonel shifted his eyes from the black screen to the orange square with just a number scrawled on it. "867-5309"

Slowly he reached for the phone. Dialing the number. His breathing heavy and labored. Listening as the line rang before hearing someone pick up.

"Hello, this is Chuck Norris."