"Hello? Am I dead?"

"Yes, you are. Welcome in; please sit down."

"Is this heaven?"

"No. It's actually the anteroom to your last consciousness storage area."

"...my last what?"

"Different people have different ways they perceive end of their life period. You just died peacefully in your bed, surrounded by your loved ones, yes?"

"Yes."

"Did you like it?"

"No; I would have liked more time."

"Everyone says that."

"I imagine."

"Well, while we're waiting for the download to happen to the storage area, we shall review the ways you would have died--"

"What?! 'Would have died?!'"

"Yes. Your consciousness switches to an alternative body, before untimely death occurs."

"...so you're telling me--"

"--That you died repeatedly during your life, but the downloads saved you to live as long as you did. Are you ready for the review?"

"...no."

"Well, here it is anyway:"

"HOLY HELL WHAT'S THAT RED SPLOTCH? IS THAT ME?!?"

"Yes. You were run over by several cars as a child when--"

"--When my friends dared me to play freeway tag. I wasn't killed; I was severely paddled by my father, though."

"In your most recent reality, yes. In that other reality, you were roadkill. Wow, you look like mangled steak."

"...that's not a nice way to put it."

"We're not in heaven or hell; there is no moral judgment here. Ergo, it may not be 'nice,' but it is descriptive."

"But you-- wait, what's this next one? HOLY CRAP IS THAT A WROUGHT IRON FENCE POLE UP MY RECTUM?!?"

"Yes. That time as a teenager when you hopped that fence--"

"--to visit the neighbor girl two houses over! I remember that. Only I made it...no, wait. In another reality--"

"--you slipped and wound up impaled with a wrought iron pole up your rectum. In that reality, your neighbors found you the next morning. The girl in question showed up at your funeral in tears...and then a week later, looking for solace, slept with your best friend."

"Mickey? That bastard! He was seeing someone else!"

"He was, yes. That didn't stop him though. And here we have--"

"I'm face-down in a four-inch-deep puddle?"

"Yes. The time on a New Year's Eve when you drank too much and left a friend's house."

"I made it home, though."

"Not so. Here, you slipped on an icy patch, hit your head on a curb edge, and drowned in four inches of water."

"Wow. That's pathetic."

"The hazards of drinking and walking."

"...are there anymore shameful moments of my alternate pasts I should be made aware of? Or was that it?"

"That was it, but notice a pattern?"

"...That I died during horrifically bad lapses of judgment?"

"Precisely. We're going to use your footage as our blooper real at the end-of-the-year party."

"I didn't need to know that."

"No one does. Hey, look! Your time is up! Ta ta!"