There may have been a million of me running around. Everything from eating a whole chicken with some Vikings to figuring out who gets the ‘honour’ of putting the Egyptian cat goddess into the pyramids to trap them beneath the sands. Oh, I do so hope that I *lose* that Honour. 

Recently, a teenaged me was in the Holy Roman Empire. A fun place, no doubt, especially for someone with a thick Old Prussian accent. Why do I have that? Not important. At any rate, I was just eating a sandwich at a sandwich shoppe when I saw the poster. *’Why is there a poster in medieval Germany?’* I asked myself in my head. ‘*It’s not like half the people can read.’* Reading it over, I realized that it must’ve been placed as a reminder for me, as it was written in the language of the gods (Croatian) and also very snarky and sarcastic. If ever I see the me who wrote that, I’m gonna punch him in the dick, the cheeky bastard. 

The poster explained the tournament, and I figured that it would be good to work off the calories from my steak on a Kaiser. Now, before you say that it doesn’t exist, let me mention that I don’t either. That, and I may or may not have hired sophisticated robots to set up food places. You’ll thank me when they evolve into McDonald’s. 

So I entered my name into the tournament, which was a bit tricky, as I couldn’t remember which flavour of German I’m supposed to speak. I was laughed at a bit, because I had never been seen before, and probably because I was only about nineteen. These Knights were ready to kill me. I was thinking of how I could prolong that when we were introduced to the prize; the Kaiser’s daughter, Wulfhilde. *’Yeah, I’d kill for her,’* I thought to myself, looking my opponents over. Had I been the poetic sort, I may have used words like ‘golden waterfalls of hair’ or ‘face like the fresh winter snowfall’. I am, however, not a complete sap, so I won’t be saying that. 

One of my prides in my early life was the handmade armour of Ornstein, from the *Dark Souls* series. I had begun forging it soon after I had acquired my time machine, and it took many years to finish. Because of this, I would not be using it in the fight. Instead, I put on a standard suit of platemail armour. For some extra flair, I donned a cloak as well. Next, I picked my sword, this time a long katana in a red sheath with a red handle. I had found it in feudal Japan, alongside the skeleton of a dude with a very nice orange coat. Then, for added insurance, I put on my holster and slipped my Glock 17 into it. 

The first battle was against ‘Ouroboros’, master of the parry. He proved it well, for every time I swung my katana, he would deflect with expert precision. I got fed up with that quick and whipped out my gun.  
“Parry this you fucking casul!” And I plugged him four times. The poor knight fell to the ground, dead. The audience gasped, so I quickly held up the gun and shouted,  
“Behold! The power of God!” Another knight had nimbly leapt onto the field. I don’t believe he was supposed to. I holstered my gun, picked up my sword, and got into my stance. We fought for about thirteen seconds before I knocked his helmet off to reveal that he was a She. This caused even more gasps, not in the least bit from me, for I recognized her.  
“Štraźa! What the hell are you doing? And what the hell are you doing *here*?” She sighed, and pointed the sword at my neck.  
“Stopping you from fucking up everything, like I always have to do!” Her Polish accent was even more prominent because of her anger. I always found it cute.  
“I cannot let you marry the young Kaiserin,” she explained, and I could tell by where the blade was that I would have to choose my words carefully. She wasn’t joking. So, I could either joke myself and have my neck spilled onto the sands, or I could play it cool.  
“Why not? Can you explain any better?” I ask, stepping slightly back from the sword.  
“You’re the insane idiot who learns history from Sabaton and Reddit! You tell me what’s going to happen when you take total control over *GERMANY*!” I couldn’t argue that point.  
“Right. I’ll just… be… going home then?” Was that a drop of blood or sweat, crawling down my throat?  
“Nie, you’re coming with me. I’m the only one who can stop *them* from imprisoning you, *again*.” I shrug, and let her drag me into the portal she had formed.  
“Those poor Germans must be very confused right now,” I mutter, and pray to whatever god hasn’t been locked away that Štraźa actually has my back for this one. 