The light blinded me at first. I reached out to block the light then collapsed to my knees. 

My body was wracked with pain. I tried to lift myself up when a firm grip to my arm startled me. 

"Look who's here. I always hoped you'd be...younger."

I looked up, and saw a gorgeous silhouette a shadow in a blinding room. I coughed out an unrecognizable voice. 

"Hey I'm only twenty two. "
I tried to lift myself with my own strength then buckled again, bones creaking like they never had before.
Eyes getting used to the lurid light, I saw my hand on the colorless, opaque ground. Gripping with arthritis was a hand I only saw on my grandfather, one of the times I saw him. 
In my hoarse voice I croaked out, "Where the fuck am I?"

"Fuck all!" 

I looked over to a man in a finely tailored suit, I can't pinpoint the accent but it's seemed British.

"You'd think an old prick like yourself would say the obvious, but looking at you, I'd be confused too."

The soft hand that first comforted me started to run across my arm, before the owner shouted in a slightly deeper voice, "Leave him alone! He's new, I like new." I looked up to see a bronze woman who had the most beautiful face, with a strong neck with an obvious Adam's apple. 

I'm then brought up to my feet, long enough to brush of the nice hand, "Look, I'm alright just need a second to wake up"

I stand as firm as my old body can muster. 

The beautiful face then turns cold and unconcerned. "I should've known, all you putante's are the the same. I was stupid to think you out of all of us would be different."
I looked over at the increasingly unfamiliar person, in a bitter whisper "Why the hell would I care what you think I don't even know,"

"Gotcha!" The English voice blurts out, interrupting me. "If I couldn't get him in  three, I knew I could catch him with five. I'll mark that down for you love."
I squinted over to the man he reaches in to his pocket and pulls out a book, I'm stupidly sizing him up. I haven't fought since middle school and haven't needed to since. This guy seems close to me in age, in my mind at least. Now as the body I built up for years struggles to look intimidating, I straighten my back before he sees me glaring. 
He smiles and starts walking towards me, "You know we all knew what'd you be like, but none of us knew you'd be such an old prick!"

I hate my body, with all the energy I have lunge at the man. He slowly steps aside, as if he needed to. I'm face first back on the ground, where I started.

"You know I really wish I could beat you death,but knowing you..."

"You don't know me." I mutter 

"Oh sweet Mary this is gonna be a blast!"

He drops to a knee, staring at me in pity. 

"I don't need to know who you were to get a handle on what you are now boyo. There's only so much an alter boy could've nicked from the tithes before getting kicked out, but at least I knew who was when I got here. Listen, while big guns is usually the one to get to tell you first, this is the first thing in a while worth any..."

"Greed, stop." The light voice interrupts.
"If he finds out you told him, he'll just find another. Then you'll be next. We've been here too long." 

The gaunt man stops at the threat, fear in his eyes he grabs me and picks me up then walks away into the void. "I can't have anything in here can I?" 
I look around for any destination worth walking to. Nothing that my eyes see.

The woman follows him stopping to look back, "Come on,let's find the others."

I would follow but hesitate, "I can figure this out, I don't need anybody."

"Ok, well when he returns, you'll come along." 

As she turns away my curiosity gets the better, "Who? God?"

She snickers as she walks away "Oh you poor fool. Out of all of us you may actually have it the worst. I hope you get over yourself sooner than later or you'll go crazy." Her voice trails in the distance. Growing smaller in the distance, she walks until vanishing. 

I could follow but instead I try to process what's happened. I stand confused, with the only thing I have. 

My pride. 

[To be continued, maybe] 