This one day, I lost my car keys. I always lose my car keys. I'm pretty terrible at keeping track of anything to be honest so it's not a big deal. Noticed they were missing, went for dinner, hoped I could find them before my mum clocked on. 
I found them after half a beer as I rooted in my pocket for a lighter. 
I lost them again a couple of days later. This time I was more pissed at myself. I was already late to work and couldn't believe my dickhead tired self had put them somewhere inconvenient for morning me to find. I can't even remember where I found them but it was somewhere weird as fuck. I was going about my morning routine and they just appeared out of nowhere, in some cupboard or on some shelf I wouldn't have even passed on my way in the night before.
The reason I can't remember where they were is because of what happened the next morning. I mean, who cares about finding your car keys when you can't find your fucking car.
I woke up, it wasn't in the driveway. I hadn't even driven the car the night before but my god I knew my mum would crack the shits at me. We share it and sure as hell she wouldn't have driven it anywhere during the night. I permanently borrow so much of her clothes, make up and other non consequential shit that me driving off into the horizon in a fiat 500 wouldn't be too much of a stretch of the imagination for her pre-caffeinated brain. It was a good idea in my pre-caffeinated brain til I realised I had no fucking car to ride off into the horizon in. 
I'll burn that bridge when I come to it. Checked my phone as I shuffled down the stairs, no angry texts or missed calls. Let's be honest, she would be too fuming with me to text or voicemail me a message I could avoid. She's a confrontational type. At least I could rely on the fact she would have calmed down by the time she got off work. My anxiety was through the roof but I always woke up disoriented like this. My dreamsn are so vivid it's hard not to, and the only way to realign myself is to ground myself; in coffee, in food, in routine. 
I fell into the living room door and it drifted open an on command, providing the momentum for me to dive onto the couch and await the attack of three attention starved cats as I attempted to untangle and make sense of what fucked up shit I dreamt last night. Writing is my thing, you see, and as a lucid dreamer I have a hell of a lot of subject matter. It's just recalling the details which makes the difference, and the sweet spot for any that is between waking up and being awake. Prolonging that period turns a lump of coal into a potential diamond.
I readjusted my cats and sat up straight, grabbed my notebook and tried to recall without pushing too hard. The authors equivalent of chasing the dragon. And the dreams flowed.
2 hours had passed before I finally got up to make a coffee. My cats followed me to the kitchen, of course. I always eat ham straight from the fridge like a savage and if I 'drop' some I have willing partners in crime.
The packet of ham was already open and bagged which was convenient but weird. Weirder was the fact that the car keys were in there.
I must be fucking losing it.
It suddenly all made sense though.
My mum lost her car keys last year, she was the only one with a spare set. She must have needed the car for an appointment and used the spare set after I hid the keys in the fucking HAM after a long ass week.
I put the keys in my pocket and picked up Purrnip up to treat him to some sweet sweet ham as he fondled the air with his three little legs. Or... four little legs. Four? Can cats grow back legs? I console myself. Don't be fucking stupid. We have a cat door. I'm probably still so half asleep I'm mistaking him. It's possible. It must be.

--------------

Dear me
I'm sorry about the car. I'm more sorry about your parents. I'm more sorry about what you see in your sleep.
One day I hope it will all make sense.
Actually, one day I hope it won't.
Please live in ignorance.
And please continue to destroy the demons I am not strong enough to fight.
I am trying to destroy yours but it will take time.
You have a strength in my world, not just because you are immortal, but because you know you are and that makes you fearless. Every time we meet you do not know who you are or how you came to be but you are confident in your convictions. We may change form and realm and you may change powers and understanding but still your loyalties remain.
Every Motion you save us from what monstrosity has tried to subdue us and every new Motion is formed from the ashes of this. Sometimes you visit at the first sign of trouble. Sometimes you arrive as we are beginning to crumble. 
We are far past that point.
I do not know if you know this, but we are the same. I can feel your presence although you do not feel mine.
You can no longer repress and enjoy. We need you. We depend. Your protection, voluntary or not, has become vital.
You must understand that the last thing we want to do is to cause you pain but we have become desperate.
We feel your connections in your consciousness are arbitrary and by severing these your consciousness will finally secure our loyalty.
We hope to see you soon.
We hope the cat likes his gift.
Regards.
Please do not concern yourself with the whereabouts of your car, mother or further disappearances.