I dreaded this day. We knew Grandma Mary had been going downhill for the last few years. Mom and dad didn't talk about it much, but we knew. The visits slowed after they put her in the home. A couple of my cousins and I would take turns visiting after school and taking her out to do her grocery shopping and run errands, so we noticed when she had her good days and her bad days. The bad started outweighing the good, and eventually, we knew we would get the call. 

That call came three days ago. 

Now, I'm sitting in the limo with my brothers, mom, dad, and for some reason, Aunt Jenn. Dad's sister and their families are in the car behind us. No one is saying anything, which is weird. Mom always is on her phone with her assistant and the office. Dad is usually discussing some new development from the university he and my brother Steve have been working on. And Mikey is usually listening to his music. Today... silence. But not really. For the day being relatively cold and overcast, there's lots of people outside. And the number of people seem to be growing the closer we get to grandma's church. She was adamant about having her service at the church she and grandpa married in, saying she started her life there and she would damn well make sure she ended it there. So now here we are. On our way to that stuffy chapel that always smelled slightly of mothballs, dead flowers, and wood polish. Steve's asthma will be acting up by the time we hit the eulogy. 

Now I'm really starting to get concerned. There's more people than I knew were in my town heading towards the church. Mom and dad have even noticed. 

"These people can't all be going to the funeral. There's got to be some sort of fair or event in town today we missed." Mom is quick to dismiss the ever growing crowd. 

We pull up to the church and the cars slow. There's no mistaking it now. These strangers are definitely here for my grangran. Suddenly, there's a camera crew racing up to our car, and the local news team is waiting for us to open the doors and step out. What the hell is going on here?!

Taking a breath, my dad opens the door and pandemonium rains down upon us all as hundreds of people start applauding and chanting my and my cousins names. Steve and Mike look at me, and I look back at them with equal confusion. 

"We love Mary!" Someone randomly yells.  "Do you have her blueberry cobbler recipe?" we hear further back. I'm lost. 

As we step out, the camera crew moves in and there's a microphone in my dad's face. 

"Mr. McEwan, how are you feeling today with the crowds here for your mother? Were you aware of her popularity?" My dad just stumbles. "Her popularity? What are you people talking about?" "Surely you were aware of your mother's online presence? She's made millions through her social media presence." 

"Social media? Oh my god, was my mother on the Facechat thing?" My dad looks horrified. Mom looks furious. She's already pulled herself away and is on the phone now with the office. The first and only normal thing I've seen her do today. I can hear her trying to figure out where this could be a security breach or PR something and demanding HR get on this. The usual...

Mikey pulls out his phone and I see him search Mary McEwan. Instantly HUNDREDS of articles pop up... mostly YouTube but also Twitter (which provided links to the other accounts) and Instagram (user name "InstaGramGram1938"). 

"Uhhh dad, guys... you may want to see this." Mikey looks like any 17 year old boy would when finding out his Gran had a better grasp on tech than he did. It turns out, Gran had started a YouTube cooking show from her iPad about cooking healthy and extravagant meals while on a fixed income! It was brilliant! She had millions of followers, all ranging from high school graduates and college kids, to single parents and other pensioners. My brothers and I were flabbergasted. Especially since my brothers and I had all pitched in to get her the iPad for Christmas two years ago so she could play her card games and FaceTime us when we couldn't visit in person. 

"My mom... was famous?!" My dad says, having torn himself away from the tv crew. My brothers look up to find we've somehow been ushered into the back of the church while we were immersed in our discovery. I'm so shocked I don't even remember moving. 

Steve piped up, "Wait, if she has THIS many followers who've watched these videos, Gran would have been making some money from some of these." We kind of smiled because it's a social media platform... how much money could that have been, right? As we wait for the service to start in the back room, my family watch some of Gran's videos. For the first time in awhile, my family laughed, cried, and reminisced together as Gran was on the screen, talking about her family as she made appetizers, desserts, and her famous meatloaf. She also had videos and photos of all her grandkids, and stories of their visits and accomplishments. She talked of the time we went for ice cream and fed the ducks down by pond, and how we talked about me going to college... all while she was teaching other college students how to darn holes in socks on video. She said she got the idea for the show that day, when she and I talked about budgeting and being independent. I was amazed. On this day, a day I was heart broken over and my family was detached, gran brought us back together one more time. 

As we were there smiling together and discovering our gran's secret, the priest came in to tell us it was time, and that we had a full house... plus hundreds more outside that they had to set up a sound system for. As a family, we stood up, stowed the show for the moment, and followed the priest out of the room and through the church, to go visit GranGran one last time. 