     He couldn't remember what life was like outside of the room.  All he could remember were the screams.  He stared at the white padded wall of his prison crouched on the floor trying his best to ignore the red box on the wall behind him.  Being driven mad by the isolation he tried his best to ignore the memories, the screaming.  In a rare fit of lucidity and rage he jumped up and shouted at the walls, 

     "I didn't want this!  I didn't want any of this! I just did what I was told!  I never asked for any of this!"
His screaming fell dead against the walls.  Defeated he collapsed on the floor sobbing. When they said the price was steep he never considered just how steep it could truly be.  Had it been days?  Had it been months?  Or years?  He just wanted to be released from this prison. He held his head sobbing hoping that his moans would drown out the screaming, but it only made it louder.  This was his curse.  This was his burden, if only he hadn't dialed that stupid number.  

     "The world can go to hell", he muttered.  "They all get to enjoy their lives, ignorant of the price I had to pay.  If only I hadn't dialed that stupid number."  

     Exhausted he pulled himself off the ground and crawled over to the wall leaning his back against, fetal.  He closed his eyes and ears to tune out the screams.  He tried to remember his home but couldn't tune out the ringing.  He tried to remember life before the room but couldn't tune out that ringing.  He tried to remember his wife, but couldn't tune out that ring-.  

      "ITS RINGING" he startled.  

      He ran to the red box fumbling with the latch.  He stared at it almost unsure what to do.  He had never looked inside the box before but hanging on the wall was simply a red phone, much simpler than he expected.  Ringing.  Twice.  Three times.  He debated if he should answer it afraid of what might happen.  Six.  Seven.  Memories of when he dialed that cursed number flooded back to him and for once the screams were quiet.  Nine.  Ten.   He knew what he had to do to be freed.  

     "Hello?"  He answered.

     "Help us!" the man exclaimed shouting over the screaming and crying in the background. "You have to help us!" 

     "I can help you but there is a price." he replied grinning, "Are you willing to pay?"  