This is my first time ever trying something like this, sorry if it's kinda sucky. Criticism would be greatly appreciated!

I live in a small town in buttfuck nowhere, as my friends like to say. everybody knows everybody around here. All the quirks, likes, dislikes, the whole shabang. There's Senile Frank, who a year ago put his cat in the washing machine, mistaking it for a dirty rag. Then there's Weeb Lucy, who always sits alone during lunch. I tried sitting next to her once out of pity, since she couldnt be THAT bad. Oh how i was wrong. I plopped mysef down next to her to say hi, but i happened to glance on her computer screen and saw a small anime girl getting fucked up the ass by a wolf with a tentacle dick. That day changed me from a boy to a man, realizing what weird shit people get off too. But that's not what this story is about. Now, most of you should know this already, but since I know some of you guys dont live here in the United States, i'm gonna give you a breif summary of lawful citizen day. Now you guys have seen the movie The Purge, right? Well you at least probably know the concept. Well this is the exact opposite of that. Once a year, for 24 hours, the tiniest of offence is punishable by death. Now, i don't know much about why this is, i'm only 15 so i'm not interested in politics, so i cant really say much. Sorry. But i know its the 19th of June and starts 6pm sharp., so it's been going on for about 2 hours. Sadly, also unlike the purge i still need to go to school, since not coming would be considered a crime. I got by backpack ready and went out the door. As soon as I stepped out I was greeted to the sight of armed guards patrolling the area. They're faces are coveded in black masks with glowing red eyes, to conceal identity that is. If people knew that my dad is one of the soldiers who executed several homeless people and illegals I would be crucified. It still amazes me that he can just walk around acting like it never happened. I made my way down the street, which usually has one or two hobos asking for spare change. Today there are only bloodstains in their place. I live quite a bit away from the school, so i never have time to eat breakfast at home. My balacned breakfast usually consists of one of those yougurts where the lid has some granola inside. You know those? They're tasty as fuck, And they're portable. So I open up my yo, and take the plastic off the lid to pour that tasty granola in. I ofcourse take the plastic spoon out first so i dont have it covered in yougurt. I open it at a specific point of my walk, since i know a trashcan is right around the corner. I ready my used plastic and proceed to throw it in the can. But what happend next all seemed like a blur. I was throwing the wrapper, but i missed. I fucking missed. The one day a year where it counts, I missed. There was a patrol officer standing across the street, and was about to wave a me until he saw the piece of plastic wrapper i dropped. Fuck. Fuckfuckfuckfruck. He stated slowly walking over too me. "Sir, please stand down. Littering is illegal." I recognized that voice. "Dad?" He stopped up for a second. "I'm sorry son, I have to do my job." "Dad no. Please. Please don't do this." He lifted his gun, unflinching. "You broke the law son. I'm sorry."                                                                       