I just wanted a quick smoke to break up the monotony of my day. Now I'm stuck in the elevator, which to be honest, I had thought about a lot. The elevators in my office building have made some disconcerting noises for as long as I've been working here. So the thought that one day they might just screech to a halt for no better reason than they just didn't feel like going on any longer wasn't an uncommon one for me. I don't have a phobia or fear of small spaces but anyone would be put on edge by thought of starving, plummeting, or yes, suffocating to death in an elevator by themselves. I wonder if the reason the elevators groaned as they did was simply to break up the monotony, as a cigarette did for me, or if it was them threatening that someday soon they would simply cease moving, neither up nor down. Having gotten lost in my thoughts I realized I now didn't know how long I have been stuck here. It's gotten quite warm in here I remove my coat as I become more aware of the sweat developing on my forehead and under my arms. The watch I normally wear had gone missing the day before, a simple watch face and a black wristband. I had received it from a coworker when I first got this job. Michelle had put in a good word for me and was excited to have a friend at work. She was a tall blonde woman with a big smile and a smoky voice, which she liked to contribute to genetics but was because she smoked more than a pack of cigarettes a day. Before this I hadn't been very good at keeping time and hoped that a watch would make me more aware of the passage of time. 

It's at this point where I feel a change in the air of the elevator, not the smell or the temperature, I can't quite pin point what exactly has changed but not one moment later the elevator shudders and continues on going down as if it had just released the breath it was holding. I let out a sigh of relief and start composing myself. I don't want to look too frazzled when the doors open. 

The doors open and a breeze of chilled air rushes in to the cramped elevator. There's a group of men in suits standing at the doors I promptly tell them they don't wanna go in there and that its malfunctioning. They look at me a little strangely and one man looks at me and says in an incredulous tone, "Lady, I just used this elevator not five minutes ago, It's fine". The group of men push past me and that's when I notice it. The lobby... has... changed. The decor is all different and in several places there's large flat, what I can only assume are televisions. Not only that but almost everyone in the lobby has a tiny glowing screen in their palms. They are either touching the  screen or holding it to their faces like a... phone. How is that even possible? Cell phones aren't cheap and most certainly don't look like that. I need a cigarette.

 I immediately head for the door and take a left heading for the alley I usually hide in when I'm trying to get some privacy. I pull a cigarette out of my pack and light it taking a long draw off it and exhaling slowly. It's then that I realize I'm not alone in the alley, aside from a homeless man digging through some trash cans 20 or so feet away, there's also an older slender woman with blondish hair that is clearly starting to silver at her roots, despite her obvious attempts to color it. It's then that I see her focus in on my face and a look of realization crosses it. 
"Rachel?, is that really you?" She says her voice gravely a tone of disbelief tinges her voice. 
"Yeah I'm Rachel Gordon, who... are... wait. No."
It's then that it hits, the undeniable resemblance to that of my friend Michelle, albeit older. The voice, more squinty eyes than I remember but there's still that abnormally large mouth. 
"Where have you been?!, and what moisturizer are you using?"
I look at the woman I had known so well and I can't help but crack a smile and start laughing. We stood in that alley laughing and wheezing together. 

P.S.
This is my first attempt at one of these but don't pull your punches. 