I've known Greg for fifteen years. In some way I knew him better than co-workers or girlfriends, in the sense that I knew his true history. The dark and dirty.

Back when I attended the AA meetings on 4th at that tiny baptist place with the horrible coffee we both worked the program. Then the next day nodded our hellos on the morning commute.

Greg had to deal with some real shit growing up. The kind of man whose story makes you feel weak for every drinking yourself. With some part of yourself understanding that the same life- it would have broke you instead of just driving you so deep into the bottle you lost yourself.

The weight of it was surprising. The gun that is. You get this pins-and-needles feeling sliding your hand in there. There is a trick you need to learn to grab THE OBJECT. Its not hard but it does need to be taught or you just get the feeling.

When you pull your hand out you have the object. They say to expect anything but mostly you can game it. Approach the counter with your meal check in hand and you can expect enough bills to cover the meal and tips.

The laundry-mat, a roll of quarters.

The beach, a swimming suit, though on occasion I have to wonder about the fashion sense.

I can't tell you how many times I've lost my keys, because they always end up in the same spot.

Unfortunately intent plays some part in the mystery.

I had to fight the bag for the booze. I'd get pamphlets for recovery centers, magazines from MADD. Dare handbooks for kids. But being persistent enough would net you a bottle, often of rot gut though on a few occasions the expensive stuff.

The problem with a bag that gives an alcoholic everything is it takes a long time to hit rock bottom. The rent check is never on time, but its there, cash in hand when the manager corners you eight days late.

But I couldn't honestly say who was more surprised by the gun, me or Greg.

I could hear it now, the realization of what I held was moving through the bus passengers. The quite panic and fear as they exited through the rear door. I honestly couldn't take my eyes from Greg's face.

His hands ever so slowly eased off the wheel.

"Oh brother-" He said so filled with sorrow I knew he thought I was drunk. We didn't see each other off the bus very often but I was there when he got his ten-year chip and he was there for my five-year, I'd made it farther but slipped up.

"I haven't touched the drink!" I blurted out. I should have said any of a hundred things to try to diffuse the situation but it was important to me he knew.

"Then why the gun, son?" I probably had three years on the gray haired man. I looked down at it again. my hand held it comfortably though now it was pointed at the floor the weight dragging the heavy thing down as we spoke.

I set it down carefully on the floor.

"I didn't even know it was in here." I said looking at the bag.

"I was just reaching in for my daily ticket-" The pins and needles were very noticeable this time as I mimicked the action.

There's no way to know what will come out. I drew a six foot tall Shepard's hook once when I did a stink as a magician. A live snake put an end to those shows.

This time, a bus ticket. Greg was speaking. I looked up from the ticket, which I held up as proof. It must have been a parent from my expression I hadn't heard him.

"I said, I'll just turn the bus off, shall I and we can wait for the police together."

"Oh." I said. Then, "Oh!" When I could pick out the distance sound of sirens.

Greg was waiting for me at 9A.M. two days later when I was released. The young public defender had done a fine job arguing my enfeeblement.

Greg insisted we find a meeting. I was tired and wore out from all the questions I simply couldn't answer if I wanted to. Scare the bag would be discovered. Nightmares of someone using its power for evil kept me from sleeping, by dawn I was convinced I had single handedly ended the human race.

"Its on your phone now?" I asked as he showed me how to find a meeting near us.

The truth was living with alcoholism I knew when I was in danger, or at least I thought I did. I felt fine, exhausted but fine.

I hadn't been to a meeting since... Well since Sandy died. She was a waitress and a drunk, working her way through night shift waco's at a truck stop, trying to earn more visitation to see her boy. She was one of the people who I prayed for - and I don't think there is a god. But if anyone deserved to make it out of our self-dug holes it was her.

They killed her for 81 dollars and some fake jewelry. In the meeting they said it was quick but the paper said other wise. She got half a letter written to her son. That ain't quick.

I thought I was tried before the meeting. But that was just physical exhaustion. It felt good to unload. Honestly I didn't even know I teared up about Sandy until Greg offered a napkin as I returned to my seat. I didn't hear anything else.

I slept for days it felt like.

It was two weeks later when I got the call. That perky public defender telling me I was free and clear. There were other fingerprints on the gun. The police were convinced someone else had stashed it in my bag while I waited for the bus. Due to the publicity of the story and the refusal of all parties to give comments, the media had run rampant and the case was a priority, so testing happened quickly.

It had been used in a homicide.

- I knew the story before the young man spoke. A woman, a waitress he thought. But anyway the important part, he said, was that the police were dropping all charges, there was a bit of paperwork to finalize but that was that.