"Hey, Tom! Wait up a second!"

Damn it. I always run into him in this hallway. I could have taken the long way around, through the cafeteria and past the offices, but I decided to risk it and take the shortcut through these cubicles. The walls are high here, so anyone can come around the corner unexpectedly.

He pulled me into a meeting room and joined the others. Four low level sheep in all, dressed in the same white shirts and black ties that weren't tied properly, their eyes empty inside. I used to be one of them, but I was a higher level now. I was wearing my new outfit today: an eggshell collared shirt, soft on the eyes and the hands; a smart, eye\-catching blue blazer; perfectly pleated slacks; and shiny, brown, square\-toed leather shoes. The ensemble was only released last week, and I spent way too much money on it, but I had to have it.

"Tom, we have a question for you, if you have a minute."

After briefly considering how long it would take to deal with them, and the negligible experience I would gain from the interaction, I decided it wasn't worth the effort. "Can't right now, gotta run to another meeting!"

Today was the day. I was sick of the grind. It had been years, and I'd only advanced a few levels. It was hard to pick the skills to focus on earlier in my life, so I decided to bury my head in books and build up my intelligence and integrity, thinking it would help me the most. Unfortunately, it's barely been beneficial trying to defeat my enemies in this environment. Nevertheless, I had to try to win this game, and I felt that it was now or never.

"Tom? You didn't book an appointment with Mr. Roth. He can't see you right now, he's in the middle of a important meeting. Just because he's retiring doesn't mean he's not still busy, busy!"

The henchwoman. I could win this battle easily with my skills by exploiting her weakness: gossip. "Stacey, did you hear that Gabby and Joe went out this weekend? Joan saw them at O'Malley's. They're talking about it over a snack in the kitchen right \-\-"

She was gone before I could finish the sentence. It wasn't pretty, and it was devious, but it got the job done. I looked at the unguarded office door, and his shiny nameplate: S. Roth. I had dreaded him for years, but it was time to face my fears. I drank my favourite elixir to make sure I was at full strength, then took a deep breath, and pushed the door open.

Although it was noon hour, it was dark inside. He had drawn all the curtains in the room, and it had started to rain outside. I could barely make out his silhouette. He was standing with his back to me on the north\-facing wall, watching the storm. A dramatic loud organ note played from a speaker as I entered the room \- Roth loved his classical music.

"You've finally come. You're a fool if you think you can sit in this chair."

He turned toward me as a clap of thunder boomed and a flash of lightning illuminated his face: gaunt but tight, his skin showing barely any evidence of his years. His eyes bulged and exuded a demented, insatiable energy that permeated the room. Suddenly an intense fear gripped me, like an icy hand with a firm grasp on my heart. This was a mistake.

His attacks came fast and unexpected. He had known this was coming. He used a lackluster performance report from three years ago, then a disciplinary action I had forgotten about. A roar of thunder as I stammered a reply. Then, a parking violation from last month. The organ swelled into a haunting crescendo. He brought up a rumour of an office romance \- how did he even know about that? My voice faltered as lightning struck and lit up his evil smile. I didn't have nearly the repertoire or firepower that he did. I tried to use my charm and my intelligence to the best of my ability, but it was no use. The organ increased in tempo as he fired embarrassments and minor issues at me. He was too strong. My knees started to shake, and I was at a loss for words. Finally, I fainted.

The next week, Roth was gone. I knew I would have to go back to the regular grind for years before I would be strong enough and get another chance. 

"Hey, Tom! Wait up a second!"

I shuddered. No, I can't do this, I thought. But there is another option.

I pushed past the annoying low level foes and went back to my desk. I accessed the network and deleted anything with my name on it, and did the same on my computer. All my files, anything I had ever saved, gone. I went into the stairwell, climbed until I couldn't climb anymore, and pushed the door open to the roof of the office building. Some followed me, but I ignored them. I walked to the nearest edge, looked down for a brief second, and allowed myself to fall before I could change my mind. I heard screams. I saw mouths agape on the way down as the pavement below rushed up to meet me.

There was no other option. This game didn't let me respec. I had to start all over.