Pete has always been a weird guy. I’ve known him since 11th grade, when he was just known as “Trenchcoat Guy.” I’m sure every school has at least one Trenchcoat Guy, but I’d like to think ours was the best.

Pete was actually a really nice kid. I was assigned a US history project with him; we spent a few hours every week meeting at the local coffee, where we discussed manifest destiny and how Ms. Abernathy smelled like cheese and how Karen from English was *hot* – I mean, *wow.*

We didn’t talk much after that project was over, and we certainly never saw each other outside school, but Pete always got the *upward* nod each time we passed in the hallway.

So, I was pleasantly surprised to see Trenchcoat Guy walk into my English 101 class two years later. I made a few friends from my dorm, but they were the superficial “we’re only friends because we empty our bowels in the shared bathroom” type. It went without saying I wanted real friends; I caught Pete’s eye after class, the sacred upwards nod was given, and before long I was invited to his conquest club.

Sure, Pete - Why not? He did offer free pizza.

I walked into the conference room. There were a few other students there, most were sifting through papers, some were playing a game of Risk. Ok, I guess this is cool.  Pete stopped me at the door. He made me swear an oath of secrecy on a bible. I’m not going to lie, it was a bit weird. He introduced me to the other club members, who seemed friendly enough.

“Ok now that everyone has gathered, we can begin. Katherine, can you recount last meeting’s action items?” Pete asked.

Katherine pulled out a yellow notebook and ran through the checklist.

“Andrew is to wire 300 million to the Saudi consulate for the public assassination and botched PR job.” She said, looking at Andrew expectantly.

“Done. By the time the transaction went through the bitcoin was worth 313 million, so we’ll have to put that on the opportunity cost page.” Andrew said, handing a receipt to Garret, who filed it away in a purple folder.

*What the hell is this club?*

“Jackson is to meet with Vladimir to discuss election interference.” Katherine said.

“Yeah I talked to Vlad, he said it wouldn’t be a problem for his spies to get caught, that should rile the US big time.” Jackson said.

Jackson was slumped back in his chair; crumbs from the 4th slice of pizza was piling in his beard. *Ham and pineapple, if you could believe it.* I’m normally fine with roleplay, but this was all being taken way too seriously.

“This *is* a roleplay thing, yes?” I asked.

“Ben, please. Do you really think we would roleplay *meeting minutes*?” Pete asked.

Well, honestly – this *was* Trenchcoat Guy we were talking about. It wouldn’t be that surprising.

“I just – I mean, where did you get 300 million worth of bitcoin from?”

“I own the internet,” Pete said. I laughed. No one else did.

“You can’t be serious – you own the internet? How does that even work. You can’t do that.” I said.

“I’m sure that’s what all the articles on the internet will tell you,” Pete replied with a grin.

Pete reaches inside his Trenchcoat and removed a tablet. He typed several commands into a screen. The others, sans Katherine, stood in unison. They rotated their necks slowly, staring at me with glowing red eyes.

“We are one with the Devil – we rise to serve the Dark Lord.” They say. Their voices echo with a monstrous, layered chorus. I jump out of my seat and rush for the door. Two of his men move to block me.

“Wait – Ben, I’m kidding. Relax, they’re just robots.” He says, laughing.

“You’re leading a robot uprising.” I say as a matter of fact.

Katherine nods excitedly. Pete types in a few more commands, and the rest of the club resumes normal activities.

“Yeah, for now it’s just for fun while I build my army of synths. In a couple of years, when we start the next big war – we’re going to sell my robot soldiers to each side. Think Star Wars, but in real life.”

“Where did you come up with this idea?” I asked.

“Actually – you gave it to me. Manifest destiny, 11th grade. We were meant to reach out an conquer the west – we just stopped heading west long ago.”

I sat down and stared at the unopened boxes of pizza. *Why did the robots even need to eat? Doesn’t matter…* *Am I really going to be a part of this? What will history think of me, If I help lead the robot uprising? Why was I chosen for this, of all the others? Why did Pete choose Katherine; who was she?*

“Alright, I’m in. What do I do next.” I said. *Down the rabbit hole*

“Let’s finish our action item list from last week, then we can move on to the agenda topics for today.” Katherine said.

*Ok Katherine, whatever you say.*

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

r/BLT_WITH_RANCH