“NATHAN COOLIDGE, STEP OUT OF THE POST OFFICE WITH YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR!”

As the fat woman whimpered, Nathan pressed the scythe closer to her throat. A half dozen cop cars were dogpiled in front of the building. Seven bodies littered the tiled floors. The surviving civilians huddled underneath office desks. (One little boy, tearfully whispering to his mother: “I just wanted to mail Santa Claus my letter!” / “Damn it, Toby, Santa can wait…”)

Detective Shelton cautiously approached the glass windows.

“Don’t come any closer!” Nathan shrieked. He yanked the fat woman’s head further up.

The detective stopped. In a gesture of goodwill, he raised his gun in the air, and let it drop to the ground. Nathan watched him warily.

“Mr. Coolidge, I just want to talk,” he spoke into his loudspeaker.

“That’s not my name anymore!” Nathan shot back. “I’m the Reaper!”

Shelton glanced over his shoulder at his lieutenant, Officer Maria, who mouthed, “Cra-zy.” He turned back to address the lunatic.

“Yes… Mr. Reaper. Sir,” Shelton said, choosing each word carefully. He lowered his arms to his sides, and drummed twice against his right thigh. Officer Maria, the pitcher to Shelton’s catcher, understood the signal. She waved to the SWAT team, and they jogged to the back of the building. “I’d just like to have a conversation. Man to man.”

“I’m not a man anymore,” Nathan said haughtily. “I am—The Lord of Death!”
If you say so, Shelton thought. Out loud, he said, “All right, Lord, uh, Death… Would it be all right if we talked one-on-one for a few minutes? I just want to talk.”

As Detective Shelton bought time, the SWAT members made it to the rear entrance. It was locked. One member looked to the leader, raised his rifle and pointed it at the doorknob, volunteering to shoot it off. The leader shook his head; it would cause too much noise.

///

Briana was watching the standoff from under a stamps table, along with the young businessman who had been in front of her in line. He’d peed himself a little; Briana could smell it. She surveyed the room: of the fourteen people who had been in the post office when the killing started, eight remained, including the woman who was being held hostage and the killer himself. There was the mother and her son, next to the retired old man under a nearby desk; one other young woman with the yoga pants (unfortunately, nirvana might be coming a little early for her); and the businessman and herself.

An idea visited Briana, lodging into her mind’s eye as a series of images.

“This woman’s life belongs to me!” Nathan was yelling at the detective. “Nothing you human scum say or do will change her fate!” He lifted his scythe in the air—

“MY LORD!”

Briana sprung into the floor in front of Nathan, kneeling ten feet in front of him. Nathan paused. The fat woman defecated.

“My lord,” said Briana, making eye contact with Nathan. “I am honored you have come at last.”

Nathan looked confused. (Outside, Officer Maria was sprinting to the back of the post office, keys to the rear entrance in hand.) Nonetheless, he listened.

“I have been praying every day for your arrival,” said Briana. “Will you do me the honor of knighting me into your service?”

Nathan cackled. “You fool!” He shoved the fat woman to his left and raised his scythe—

*BANG!* 

Nathan collapsed in a heap on the ground; the scythe cluttered to the side.
Detective Shelton lowered his gun. He’d gotten a clear shot, since Briana was kneeling in front of the killer. As the police began to enter the building from the front and from the back, the survivors staggered to their feet.

Officer Maria put a blanket around Briana’s shoulders as she rose. Her gaze lingered on the cast away scythe, transformed now into an ordinary weed whacker.

*He didn’t deserve Lucifer’s gift.*