Lungs burned, heart pounded. My foot falls hit the pavement in a fast rhythm as I picked up the pace of my run. Rock music was drowning my fatigue with motivating beats and sounds. This was going to be my record today if I kept it up. Eight minute mile.

I crashed into the hard pavement face first. My legs felt like dead weight and I couldn't feel my toes. I attempted to push myself up from the ground but my feeble arms protested and my body quaked with effort. Letting go was the only option available. My lungs still burned and ached.

It took a lot of effort, but I finally rolled over onto my back. I propped myself up against a concrete wall that was unfamiliar to me. To be honest, everything was unfamiliar. I was no longer on the running track by my house, nor was I anywhere that was familiar to me. Cars in the street were all stopped, some had collided and remained there. But the most disturbing so far was the stillness.

Everyone was in the same predicament as me. People were slowly picking themselves up from the ground, stumbling and unsteady as if drunk. A woman down the sidewalk from me began to weep, staring at her hands in terror. But most were silent, unsure.

That's when it hit me. I held my hands out in front of me and my heart began to sink into my stomach. 

Or should I say, I held somebody's hands out in front of me. I could not recognize them, but I could feel them. They flexed when I flexed, and I could feel a gentle breeze on them. But they were not mine.

They couldn't be. Can't be. These hands were large, obese even. Each finger was swelling around gold rings and jewelry that did not belong to me. Black nail polish that was flaking at the tips. Large, freckled arms that felt feeble and were tiring from the short time I held my hands in front of me. I lay them back down and inspected myself.

A yellow dress covered what was a round set of breasts, but were also dwarfed by a belly that hid my thighs. My legs felt constricted in a set of yoga pants that clung to my legs. My feet, complete with a gold anklet on the right, were wrapped in what looked like gladiator sandals.

My mind raced. The logic wasn't adding up. Was I in a dream? Was what I was doing before this a dream? What life was I living? Had I changed? Had everyone changed? Where was I? Blood started to pound in my ears, and I felt a sharp migraine coming. My mind started to roar and scream inside of itself. Nothing was making sense.

Who am I?

And that's when I screamed.

Because I didn't know.