Yellow stuffing is leaking out of a broken chair, sitting in a mansion of broken dreams, a home to shattered hopes.

After work today, I decided to do some cleaning around the house. My house looks like a cyclone hit it.

In pursuit of my objective, a spotless home, I notice a blue binder which is bulging with construction paper. It's a mess, probably a rat's nest.. I go to check it out.

I lay my latex gloves and wash cloth down, I'm taking a rest.

As my fingers run through the pages, water is flowing down my mind and into my eyes:

2004-2005 - Jessica

Drawings of a lonely child, testaments of a soul longing to be free is what I see. This reminds me of my niece whom I haven't spoken to in quite a few years. She is about the same age I was when I drew the Mona Lisa's in the binder before me.

Today I have multiple felony convictions on my record, tattoos that I sorely regret are burned into my upper chest, a scar is making a deep crease or is itself a canyon in my right ankle. Just the thought of that scar makes me close my eyes and grind my teeth. 

CNN showed exclusive footage of Mars this afternoon. I never believed them, not my teachers, not my parents and now not even the bumbling busy workers.. the busy bees on TV, with perfect teeth, perfect hair and perfect lives.

"Back to you Susan"

"We are receiving reports from multiple sources of an alleged crash that occured on the colony of Mars early this morning. Sources tell us that no one is injured but clean up could take some time. We'll keep you posted"

"I'm sorry. We're just, this, this just in: Sources inform us of another nation's flag currently lying beneath the surface of that Red Planet. Signs of aging, wear and tear point to the conclusion: we are NOT the first ones to land on Mars"

*TV zaps off by way of remote*

"That's enough propoganda for today" I retire to the comforting floor below. My cleaning can wait 'til tomorrow. I'm too tired today.

I continue to look through nostalgic drawings from my childhood.. when I notice one drawing in particular. This drawing has a giant red circle on the front. The crayons which fill the circle are drawn in nice and neat; something I did not do and also could not do as a child.

Underneath the curious drawing are the words:

'Mars. Rome. Dreams you have.' in green ink, like that from a pen.

Intrigued I release the "photo" from it's bondage and set it free.

On the back it says:

'SPQR KILLED THE PRESIDENT' in a blue sharpie-like way.

"What the fuck"

"I was a dark kid but not this dark"

"What was wrong with me"

*bells toll*

My watch lights up, a text back from Scott. Yay!

Without giving much thought, without a moments hesitation I glance over at my smartwatch and notice the time is 5:55.. a synchronicity.

I'm then hit with a cluster of updates from many news outlets that I subscribe to.

'BREAKING: President Basiago injured in botched jewelry heist'  (CNN) 3m ago 

and then another

'BREAKING: President Basiago has been fatally wounded in Richmond, VA' (Reuters) 5m ago

and another

'BREAKING: The President is dead, Mr. Basiago passes away at 63 from com..' (FOX) 2m ago

'BREAKING: The President of The United States has been allegedly assassinated' (Russia Today) 5m ago

'Brandon: Where are my car keys'

My heart has now stopped, my eyes are ticking around the room, adrenaline is coursing through me. My pulse is racing and I'm growing anxious.. I think, allegedly. There's still a chance that this is all a misunderstanding or a hoax, when.

'BREAKING: Virginia declares State of Emergency after President Basiago's assassination outside a Jewerly store'

No longer than I locked my watch, my cell phone rang. The caller ID reads:

'555-0123'