######[](#dropcap)

Dan stepped into the office a full half-hour late for work. He hung his coat on a hook and put his umbrella in the stand. Kathy, his secretary, eyed him as he came to the front desk.

"Not like you to be late, boss."

"My car broke down," Dan said simply.

"Is that all? I was worried something had actually happened. I was just about to call the police."

"No, you weren't."

"No I wasn't." She set a stack of paper on her desk.

Dan sighed. "You are in a surprisingly good mood."

"I am! *So glad* you noticed."

"Which means..."

Kathy leaned forward, her bony fingers steepled under her chin. "Guess who's back on your docket today?" she asked in a singsong tone.

Realization dawned on him. "Oh, hell no." Kathy's eager squeal as she showed Dan the first appointment file only set him further on edge. "Kathy, don't do this to me."

Kathy began laughing. 

"Haven't even had coffee yet," Dan grumbled to himself. Kathy laughed harder. The office coffeemaker was broken, and a fix was eons away. Normally, Kathy would complain quite vocally about it (Starbucks was far too expensive), but she was always willing to take it in stride if it meant someone else would be miserable.

In five minutes Dan had changed into his uniform and picked up his tools. Kathy waved as he made his way back out to the waiting room, laughing all the while at her boss' pain.

"Knock her dead, boss!"

Dan turned and pointed. "You are taking way too much pleasure in this."

If Kathy had had eyes, she would have rolled them. "We're in the business of death, Dan. Someone has to be happy."
***
She had waited long for this moment.

Countless victims had been consumed in her lust for the Dark Angel. Each had been strung up, and made to bleed, their hearts still pumping as the veins in their necks emptied blood into an antique wooden barrel. Each drop was saved, and carefully preserved, so that it would be ready for the day she would finally meet him, be with him, touch him for the first time. Oh! what exquisite ecstasy would it be, to kiss upon his lips, to know him carnally, and be the queen of his domain, the dark underworld where forlorn souls gnashed their teeth in anguish and misery.

Today, the blood had been poured out from its keep, and spread across the concrete floor of her garage. In the center was the eternally recognizable symbol of the pentagram, but this was not the only fruit of her labours. Arcane symbols stretched over the entire area of the stage, and on the walls as well, expressing a language of such mysterious misery and miserable mystery that it would be unintelligible even to her, if not for the fact that she had spent years of study and meditation in the soul-crushing darkness of the Enlightened Texts.

Only one element remained to complete her work: fresh blood, taken live from a victim pure in heart and body. Only the death of purity would attract him. Calmly, she sidled up to her offering. A young, blonde woman, held aloft by thick ropes tied around her arms and legs, struggled futilely as a knife was brought to her neck.

"It's almost time," said the woman's captor, crouching to meet her eyes. "Do you see him yet? The Dark Angel?"

The blonde said nothing. With the tip of her knife (being careful not to touch the skin), the captor prodded at the edges of the duct tape which held her mouth shut, until a corner was freed and it could be ripped off all at once. The blonde gasped for air.

"Oh God, oh God, I don't wanna die a virgin—"

"Mary Eleanor Bishop," intoned the captor, "you die by my hand, that the world will be cleansed. The Dark Angel is sated by blood, and blood alone, and he will have it the world over, when The Gates are open. Fire will rain like water, and the blood of men shall feed his eternal spirit for ages to come."

"Please don't do that."

Mary's captor rocketed upwards and turned, scuffing a still-wet patch of blood underneath her Converse sneakers. In front of her stood an anthropomorphic skeleton dressed in a black hood and carrying a scythe. She clapped her hands over her mouth. 

"The Dark Angel," she breathed. "...You're early!"

Dan gritted his teeth. "You and I need to talk about some things, Sharon."

"I've done something wrong, haven't I? Is it the Masonic runes?"

"That's not—"

"Because I tried so hard to find an accurate translation guide for the Enlightened Texts, but it's just not something you find on Google Translate, you know? And of course, then it becomes this whole thing with the library where they're like, 'No, we don't have your *Satanism books*, why is there blood on your jeans, I'm calling the cops, yadda yadda yadda..." Sharon made air quotes at the phrase "Satanism books" as though it were the most normal thing in the world to request help from the library in bringing forth Armageddon.

"Would you please—"

"And it just goes on, and on... and on! So eventually I find this forum—"

"SHARON!" Dan yelled. "Stop... talking."

Sharon blushed, drawing her hair back and tucking it behind her ear. "I'm sorry, I'm rambling. It's just so good to see you again. I... hold on."

For the past minute and a half, Mary Eleanor Bishop had been screaming uncontrollably at the sight of the Grim Reaper. Without a word, Sharon leaned down and made a small incision in the kidnapped woman's throat. This shut her up, and a single drop of blood splattered onto the floor in the center of the pentagram.

"Don't want to overdo it!" Sharon said cheerily.

"Sharon, you are not opening The Gates of Hell today."

"Which part looks wrong to you?" She gestured to a paintbrush in the corner by the stairs. "I can probably fix it before the virgin blood sets in."

"What I mean is," said Dan, his impatience growing quickly, "as I have told you, time and time again, this so-called ritual means absolutely nothing to me."

"You're sweet. But I want to—"

"NO." Dan pointed the tip of his scythe an inch away from Sharon's nose. "This ritual is *useless*. It *does nothing*. There are no Gates of Hell for you to open, there is no 'corporeal form' that I will gain, and I am certainly *not* interested in drinking human blood. The only thing you've managed to do with your killing spree is make me, the victim's families, the state police, and the FBI very, *very* upset with you. I mean, look at this mess!" Dan gestured wildly around the space. "This is the *exact opposite* of charming. And the blood will take forever to get out of my robe."

Sharon wasn't listening. She stared for a thousand yards into some dark fantasy too horrific for Dan to imagine. Behind her, another drop of Mary's blood oozed to the ground.

"You're so beautiful when you're seething with rage."

Dan groaned.

Suddenly, there was a loud banging noise at the front door. A muffled voice entered the house, amplified by a megaphone. 

"This is the police. We have you surrounded. Come out with your hands up!"

Sharon's face went white. "Oh no."

"It's about time they showed up," Dan said. "Of all the serial killers I've had to deal with, you were by far the sloppiest. It's a wonder they've taken so long."

"The pentagram! Why haven't the gates opened?" She leaned down and pressed the knife to Mary's neck again. "BLEED FASTER!"

Mary replied by screaming both expletives and cries for help. Sharon, unnerved, let the knife slip from her hand and scrambled to pick it back up. She had just gotten it back up to neck level when the garage door exploded. It fell to the ground, having been brought down by a battering ram. Standing in the now open doorway were six men in SWAT gear, and an FBI investigator who bore an uncanny resemblance to Mandy Patinkin. Sharon stood, knife pointed as one of the police ordered her to drop her weapon.

"No no *no!*" Sharon yelled. "The gates must be opened! The Dark Angel must be freed!"

"Sharon Stone," said the FBI investigator, "put down the knife. Let us help you."

His words, which oddly enough even *sounded* a bit like Mandy Patinkin, fell on deaf ears. Sharon's last words as she leapt through the air, determined to take on a half dozen fully armed policemen armed with only a Ginsu steak knife, was, *"I WILL BE QUEEN OF THE UNDERWORLD!"*
***
Sharon's ghost stood gaping as all her hard work became trodden underfoot by uniformed officers. Mary sat weeping in the back of an ambulance, surrounded on either side by her parents and two older brothers, in what would certainly be a touching scene had it been caught on camera to subsequently air at 10 P.M. Wednesdays, this fall on CBS.

Dan sighed. "Alright, I'm already late for my next appointment. Put your hands on the scythe, please."

"But..." Sharon's lips quivered. "But I failed you. The gates didn't open."

"I am... *so tired* of having to explain this to you."

"Do you still love me? Will you still take me to the depths of Hell, to be your faithful bride?"

"I am taking you *to my office* to fill out *forms.*"

Sharon placed one hand on the scythe, and gazed deeply into Dan's tired skull. "Am I still worthy to be your queen?"

"For the last time," Dan growled, as they faded from Earth to another plane of existence, *"I already have a girlfriend."*
***
***
[Visit my sub!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub)  
[There MAY be more stories about Dan?!?](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub/comments/41qsf4/74_a_date_with_death/)