*You open the door to your apartment after a long day's work. Today had been especially brutal, an experience worsened by the absence of your longtime friend, Alyssa. It had been an entire week since you heard from her last, and you were starting to doubt that it was just a bad cold or something. Today was the last day of hell, double-shifts back to back with the goal to save up money to miss work for a while to help Alyssa with whatever was keeping her silent. You think of bed, of sleep, and the desire is strong enough that you nearly fall asleep where you stand. However, you fight the urge and make yourself dinner, all the while thinking over what you are about to do. Soon after you had become friends, Alyssa had set a ground rule: Never, under any circumstances go to her apartment. EVER. She had told you that if you valued your friendship at all, that you would never break that rule. Then, it seemed like a strange idiosyncrasy, now you start to wonder. You finish making your dinner and as you sit down to eat, you notice a piece of parchment, not paper, old-fashioned parchment lying right where you eat normally. You pick it up and in Alyssa's handwriting it reads:*

Hey Jeremy,

I'm sorry for disappearing like I did. I would have told you what was about to happen, but I didn't even know. Hopefully, this letter will help explain a little bit of what's going on to set your mind at ease. To start, I guess I should explain why I asked you to stay away from my place.

Walking home has always been a stressful affair for me. Not only do I live alone in a not-so-great part of town, but I have to deal with these crazies that attack me every day. I thought that growing up an orphan that was never adopted would prepare me for most of life's challenges, but these attacks were something else entirely.

They started around 2 years ago and every day since the first, without fail, I get tackled by some stranger on my way home. The attacks all play out the same too, I'll be walking and keeping careful track of my surroundings and then all of a sudden, *BAM!* I get blindsided by some rando who then lets me get back up and walks away. What's the most unsettling about these attacks is the attackers themselves. You'd think it'd be the consistency of the attacks, but when you have *2 years* to mull it over, you come to realize that it's the fact that over 1000 different people all had the same idea, just on a different day and that *every last one of them* has hit their mark.

I would have called the police about it, but my third attacker was a deputy. I would have walked with a friend, but when I tried, that friend was the attacker. I would have told you, but I didn't want to risk our friendship or risk you being the next attacker. I'd tried every single possible way to avoid these attacks, but it never works. They even followed me after we graduated high school.

Anyway, this all starts when I was walking home from work about a week ago. I was on the lookout for my next attacker since if I could see it coming, I'd be able to brace for impact. That day, I actually saw the guy coming, and the size of this guy sent me into panic mode. He must've been at least 300 lbs, and all of it was coming at me at full speed. Time seemed to slow down, and I could see in my head what I needed to do. I faked him out to the left, and bounced to my right. It worked too, he went flying past me and landed on his face!

This is where shit gets crazy though. Before I could try to think about what this meant, I felt something cold pierce my stomach. I turned to face where it was coming from and there was a man with bloodred skin, huge horns and a mouth full of teeth the size of my cat grinning at me. I looked down, and his arm was up to the elbow inside my body. I was about to collapse from the pain of it all when all of a sudden, the arm was gone, and so was the *thing* attached to it. In it's place was a woman in some kind of armor. If I had to describe it, it'd be like armor from one of those movies about Greek heroes you like. She was holding a sword covered in this black goo, and it was coming out of the thing she just knocked off of me too. I'm being told that this is about all that I can say, so I'll end it with this: I met my parents! I'm not sure how things are going to go between us, but I'm told that they're crazy important. They told me they've been watching over me this whole time, which is apparently 20 years. I guess the orphanage was off by a year when they found me as a baby. Who woulda thought, right?

I've put a locket in this letter too, you'll want to keep it on you at all times. It'll let you know how I'm doing and keep you safe. Don't try to figure out what from though, that'll only put you in more danger.

Your friend,

Alyssa.