I look into my wife's eye's this isn't a joke. I fall down on the chair next to her I don't understand it for a minute then I'm swimming in my memories. 

I'm sitting on a bed pillow my dad is next to me he's been in bed for the past two years; he is paralyzed. I'm feeding him a popsicle it's orange flavored. I'm young, 5 years old. My dad didn't talk much days but after a while he say's that I can have the other half of the double popsicle. My eye light up I say "Thank you dad!" hop off the bed and run outside to show my siblings what he gave me.

I'm somewhere else in a room slightly older now I'm playing N64 star fox with my brother.  There's a lot of people at my house but I don't think much of it. Be then from my dad's room I hear sobbing it's my mom I run to see what's wrong. I burst in the door my brother following. I look and my my mom is on top of my dad she's sobbing her body shaking with the effort of trying to keep it together. The man she married the man she started a family with is motionless on the bed his eyes are glossed over and unchanging. My heart sinks "what's wrong with him mommy?" I ask. My mother just sobs. I start to get worried I ask my mother again "what's wrong with him mommy?" my older brother grabs my shoulder "he's dead" he say's.

I'm back in the present my wife is still crying I slowly get up and grab her by the shoulders then embrace her. "Everything is gonna be okay" I say as I stroke her hair.  "Hey everything is going to be okay" I say again but I know it really isn't going to be. My wife will with time get "better" but it will scare her and not just her but our son. We have a 5 year old boy and he's going to grow up without his dad. I won't be there for him on his 10th birthday when he's gonna brag about being two whole hands of fingers old. He's gonna go home and cry when he has a fun day at the snow with his friend and his friends dad because at that snow day he's going to truly realize what he's missing. I'll never be able to see him drive for the first time. I too am sobbing holding my wife. I tell her one more time "Everything will be okay we'll stay right here and be safe."

 