I could have declined. I could have sent that son of mortals back to whatever hole he crawled out from. I could, but I didn't. His hollow blue eyes mocked me with cold disdain and I knew right away this would be a tale to remember. Now I wish I did not remember at all.

The Machine, he so called himself, came to me that evening with a challenge I was too proud to refuse, but within me a sea roared and I knew my guts were warning me. Shot-for-shot until one of us passed out, he dared me, the God of alcohol. At first, the tavern folk paid no much attention--it wasn't the first time someone had proposed such a challenge, and it was no special occasion for a mortal to make a drunken fool of himself--but once The Machine had swallowed his twentieth shot, people started to gather around.

One hundred shots divided by the two of us had gone and passed and I knew I was not facing a mere mortal. I must admit, a glimmer of real fear passed my thoughts and I wondered at the reason. Why was I so afraid of losing a drinking game, some may wonder. But have they ever been stripped of their whole purpose and pride? Have they ever experienced their identity being stolen from them in such an unexpected and merciless manner? I could not let this 'Machine' win, I could not allow it.

Soon, each shot I swallowed conjured a repulsion within me, my godly body finally trying to renounce that which it loved. My head became both light and heavy simultaneously and my limbs were rid of their usual strength. I looked at the man in front of me, his eyes the same sober blue, his lips in the same disdainful smile. An anger, born out of fear, rose in me and I wanted to destroy him. I tried to think myself out of being drunk. I was convinced if I thought hard enough, my mind would be able to control my body, but I know now that was impossible.

I still ache at the memory of what came after. Now that I walk the plains of this earthly realm--a mere trader of wine and beer that I cannot even bring myself to taste--I curse my vanity and I regret ever accepting that devil's challenge.

Approaching our hundredth shot each, I finally vomited. A pure liquid brown streamed heavily from my pathetically opened mouth and even in that pitiful, anguished state I knew. I knew what this meant for my reputation, and another part of me knew what this meant for my whole life. My faithful friends of drunken stupor awkwardly helped me back to my chair, I could sense the hesitation and the shame they felt as they forced me up by my armpits. The Machine looked at me from across the table, his expression the same. No triumph, no glory, no joy. Just the same hollow eyes and the same mocking smile.

"Who are you!?" I blurted out, almost incomprehensibly.

"I am the end to all stories. I am the god from the machine. I am Deus Ex Machina and I am here to end your tale." The Machine replied.