Messy raven locks falling in front of my eyes, a quick brush of the fingers to tuck them behind my ear. A messy ponytail bouncing with the motions of my head as pale blue eyes scan the room. Eyes falling upon a picture of him, my Uncle who had passed away a few days ago. A soft smile graces my face as I lean forward to the picture chuckling softly. “I always told you that you had too much stuff Uncle, whatever am I going to do with all of this!” Reaching out I flick the picture as it falls backwards onto the desk it had been standing on.

Pulling up the sleeves of my hoodie ready to put my back into it once more. Dragging around boxes filled with antiques, curios and uh… rocks I suppose? Uncle’s antique store was now in my hands and even though I’ve been with him since I was but a little girl, I doubt my wide eyed twin tail bouncing head understood anything of the matter. How was I to go further now? I hadn’t thought that far ahead.

A piece of cardboard gets caught on the ring that decorates my finger. A soft smile as I stare at the seemingly blank stone, gently turning my hand left and right to get a bit of light on it. A spectrum of colors revealed which brought another chuckle from my throat. For all the weird things Uncle brought home and resold: This was one of my favorite, he always told me it was like my eyes but I never quite got what he meant by that. My eyes were blue, icy cold for that matter but still they were blue. Neither Blank nor Rainbow colored. It was just one of those tacky mood rings but it didn’t seem to function properly or something... Shaking my head, I had to stop reminiscing about the past I had to get this all sorted out.

Taking off the ring for the time being as it would only get in the way I placed it on the desk, noticing my cell phone vibrating in my pocket. Placing the box down with a loud sigh, fingers running around my hoodie to pull out the phone. “Hello, Amanda speaking!” The voice on the other side of the line made my blood boil, gritting my teeth at that sickening ‘car salesman’ tone he put up with me. Pacing back and forth through my Uncle’s old study. “I already told you I’m not selling! The Antique shop belonged to Uncle and before him to Grandfather. And now it belongs to me!” I could feel myself get increasingly annoyed, my throat felt hot. My entire body felt hot as I kicked aside an empty box that had done no harm whatsoever.

**“I SAID I’M NOT SELLING!”** Anger, Frustration-- outed in a burning fire: Quite literally. My eyes widened at the sight of bits of embers that dispersed in the air, the scent of smoke heavy. The call cut off, because I was rude? Because of my shouting? I don’t know. But it didn’t matter as I let my hand slowly slide away from my ear and turned my head left to right. Where did those embers come from? And for a second my eyes fell upon the large antique mirror in his office-- my glowing red eyes.

“W-wha!” Phone held high, selfie mode turned on. They were red! SINCE WHEN WERE MY EYES RED?! The confusion-- I needed some fresh air, cool myself off. I was just stressed and my eyes were bloodshot! VERY bloodshot, that had to be the answer! But as I tried to reason with myself, red shifted into a swirling green, my pupils were like a window to a different world. Clouds moving behind a green decor. A yelp, my phone dropped as I look around left and right in confusion.

Running over towards the desk I stare at the picture of my uncle. Picture? Cocking my head to the side I notice a picture of the both of us together-- which unlike the one of my Uncle by himself is black and white. Come to think of it, all pictures of us together are in black and white. He said it was part of being an antiquarian and that taking pictures like this gave them an extra nostalgic feeling.

Throwing myself onto the floor I push aside boxes, open those that had already been closed up. Tape, cardboard, objects. Everything thrown aside as I finally found photo albums of the both of us together. Even when I was a little girl the pictures were in that same bland black and white. And the next page, and the next page and the next page-- then it suddenly stops. My eyes fixated on the page of my teenage year, flipping the pages back to try and figure out what is going on. A picture with my hands held out, we took a similar one because it was endearing. And besides the obvious change in appearance that came with age (and a desire to cut one’s hair in an attempted rebel phase) something was rather obvious to notice. Shifting page after page forward, then quickly going backwards- THE RING.

When I went to High School I got that ring and ever since all pictures have been in color. Hesitant I stand up, turning to the mirror. It seems that now that I had cooled off and was rather fixated on solving this ‘mystery’ my eyes had adjusted themselves as well. A deep calm green like a forest, and just as that thought crossed my mind. I noticed the scent of flowers strongly filling the room, the flowers I often put on my Uncle’s desk to spruce up the place were blossoming more than ever. And staring at the mirror once more I noticed how my pupils were like flowers popping open to accept the sun.

While still anxious at the sight I managed to stay calm enough, logic over emotions. The ring! Heading for the desk I take the simple boring ring and hold it out into the light-- there was no rainbow! No effect at all, just a blank stone in a simple looking ring. But as I put it on, the rainbow returned as I shifted the ring once more in the light to confirm my suspicions. My tongue runs along dry lips as I gather the courage to turn to the mirror and as I had expected-- or perhaps feared, my eyes were a icy blue once more.

I turn my attention back to the desk and take a hold of the picture frame, staring at my Uncle with a big stupid grin on his face.

“Uncle… what am I exactly?”