Though it is something I've only realized in retrospect, the constant migraine has been there for as long as I can remember, but it has been increasing in intensity and power as I've grown older. It's there to bid me goodnight and it's there to wake me up. And due to that, I've unconsciously adapted to be able to function like a cognizant being, to be able to function as a seemingly normal person, at least on the outside. Though it isn't the prettiest method really. Illogical thought processes, abstract concepts as notions of thought... they're all very normal for me.

Now why would I be thinking of this for no reason? Well, while I was on my way to class today, I passed through familiar hallways with familiar faces and familiar walls with their impossibly small signs of wear. A passing teacher had a girl following her, a new face around here, probably a transfer student or the like. I didn't care and I still don't. But she caught my eye for a second freezing as she did so, everything was unnervingly quiet during that moment, but alas, my freedom can not last as she collapsed screaming as if she'd been stabbed a thousand times over. Obviously, *that's* a little out of the norm, but people have their own problems like I do mine, so I didn't bother stopping to watch. I only turned slightly introspective afterwards.

The day continued ever so slowly, nothing out of the ordinary. Our teacher informed us that a transfer student would be coming but that she was a bit late, though rumor already painted her insane. The constant ticking of the clock, the scraping of pens, breathing, even and uneven, grates me still. Like a harmonious melody of pain. But I'm sadly used it. Eventually though, the transfer student did arrive, she introduced herself as Joane, though I only heard because I can't *not* hear. I did bother to take a quick sidelong glance this time around, long black hair, green eyes, casual clothes... *incredibly* tense. And pointedly not looking anywhere near me, or this area at least. To each their own I guess.

The rest of the day passed slowly, and so did the next one. And the next one. I might not bother talking with people all the time, but I know people unusually well, despite having few people I consider as actual friends. Through that I heard the new girl had been inquiring about me, and from a few gossiping girls, though they didn't realize I was listening, she had apparently been staring at my back whenever she had the chance as if she had a personal grudge with it. How very strange. She still avoids me like the plague, for now at least.

Though somewhat amusing, I'm more focused on not murdering myself at the moment, so I don't really care and instead went back to what I usually do when I want to pass the time. World building, scenario simulations... well, whatever keeps me occupied. This time, since she had been on my mind briefly, I thought of how amusing it would be if she had a psychic ability. I imagined the classroom, gave it substance and structure. Then I added the people, gave them character. I don't know her all to well, so instead I just took all I *do* know, and constructed her character from that. It is all a bit amusing, a world of substance just a breath away, that I see and don't at the same time. I can't see it any more than I can the back of my head, yet I know exactly what everything is, where it is, and why it is there. In a sense. Words make this so very difficult to express, especially so when I have to essentially dilute incomprehensible and illogical thought into comprehensible words...

During the scenario, Joane acted somewhat outside of my expectation, but then again, the variable is that she is psychic. A mind reader to be a little more specific. Since things were already running a bit outside of the expected response, I decided to throw another random variable into the mix.

*I know you're listening.*

Immediately I had to put the simulation aside for a moment, as a commotion in the class sprang up. Joane had risen sharply, pale as the snow, excused herself and started walking very unsteadily towards the door. Tense but more so than usual. I'm in a bit of a good mood so I rose silently, told the teacher that I was going to help her and went to grab her. I could feel her jump, before settling somewhat. The trip to the nurses office was slow and silent as the dead of winter. Strangely enough, the room was empty as we arrived.

She broke from my grip and walked somewhat unsteadily to a chair, the nurses chair mind you, I took the time to close the door. And not two seconds after, Joane was up in my face. She pushed me against the wall, still as pale and unsteady looking as before, but a certain intensity in her eyes. I still didn't react, just staring into her eyes with a vague sense of amusement.

"What are you!?" She shouted it at my face. How annoying. "Answer me!" Though, despite being so close to me she was avoiding my eyes.

"Why?" I could've done like I usually would by answering in a vaguely mocking and mostly sarcastic tone, but perhaps it's better not to set her off.

"Your mind is... Just *answer* me!" Though her tone makes her sound angry, her body language reeks of fear and panic.

"No." I quipped. She didn't say anything, merely letting me go and walking, normally, back to the chair and sitting down.

"Then you're not leaving this room until you answer me!" She seems awfully sure of herself, despite her body language *still* reeking of fear and panic, if anything, it had only increased. She looked positively ready to bail.

"Uhuh..." I said as I turned to open the door again, mostly just for the heck of it. It had a little more resistance than before, but opened easily enough. When I looked back at her with a raised eyebrow I was mildly surprised to see her panting, almost as if in exertion, and kind of like someone had punched her. So then, what do. Go back to the mind numbingly boring class and hope she doesn't follow to annoy me? Or stay here with the potentially insane girl?

Well, my decision was made for me when the door slammed shut as I let go of the handle, stupid automatic mechanisms the school had to invest in. It wouldn't be the first time a door almost smacked me in the face due to that. Stay with the potentially insane girl it is.

"What do you want then?" I asked, and she only replied with the same tense 'what are you?' line. "Elaborate?" She didn't reply. I sat down on one of the beds and pulled out my phone, nothing like skipping class with a potentially insane girl while browsing the internet for the dankest of memes. An hour passed after that with nothing new happening, and my amusement had mostly returned to normal.

Honestly, this is getting pretty boring. Enough of that then.

I opened my eyes and looked at the teacher droning on about the importance of history. I heard a bloodcurdling scream from behind me, Joane was lying on the ground screaming, apologizing, begging. Repeating *I'm sorry, I'm sorry* again and again, like a mantra. How strange...

As she was carried out of the room, she didn't break her eyes away from mine for even a second as she continued her mantra, barely whispering now, and her words hung in my mind heavier than most do.