I woke up on an old park bench just as the sun began to rise. It was early, still dark enough for the street lamps to glow softly but dawn was breaking. And that wasn't all that was breaking, my head felt like it had been hit with a sledgehammer. I could have sworn it was splitting in two. What the hell happened last night? 

I rubbed at my eyes but my vision was blurred. I couldn't see a damned thing. That and there was something stuck to my face obstructing my peripheral. I attempted to pry it off but my gloved fingers were clumsy in their attempt. Wait a minute, since when had I ever worn gloves? I couldn't be sure. I couldn't remember anything beyond a single name. Wayne.

What was going on, why couldn't I remember anything? Panic gripped a hold of me as I pushed myself up into a sitting position. Something wasn't right. I mean I'd had a few benders over the years but nothing like this before. I don't think I'd ever blacked out this badly. The memory loss was concerning.

I slowly rose from the bench to unsteady feet. Swaying violently as I attempted to stop the world from spinning. I grunted, a wave of nausea overwhelming me when a scream pierced through the haze in my mind.

"HELP!" I heard a shout and instinct took over. No more was the nausea or pain in my head, something feral took over and I found myself sprinting towards the troubled yell.

A branch cracked in the distance and a small boy began to plummet out of a tree. I ran towards him with a speed and agility I wasn't sure humanly possible but it didn't matter. He was too far away, there wasn't enough time to save him. Yet in the next moment there he lay in my arms, scared witless but alive. 

They say time slows down in situations like this and I guessed they must have been  right. I mean I just saved a kids life.

I placed him back down on terra firma and stood up. A heroic stance felt real good right now. That was it! Suddenly everything made sense and I realised my purpose. I knew who I was. 

I turned to leave the park, suddenly realising I had much more urgent business to attend to. 

"Wait Mister, you saved me!" The little boy shouted, trotting after me. His small hands grabbed at my cape. "Who are you!?" He cried out, hope in his voice. I turned to face him stoically. 

"I'm Batman." Or at least I was now.

Edit: Grammar 