She stared at the computer quizzically. Something was not right here. Thankfully at her work place, only reddit.com was not banned. Rest all websites, including her darling shopping websites were blocked. So much for freedom at work. She stared disdainfully at the computer screen again. She opened a another web page on Chrome & Typed moneycontrol.com. Her investment acumen were taking her to gallows of losses in stock market & the legal gambling, prospect of profits seemed dim. She switched back again to Reddit and started browsing randomly from a subreddit to another subreddit. from a deeper webworld of cute animals yawning and eating to another of interesting food pictures and things random people do to spice up their lives. She flicked back again to moneycontrol.com only to see her shares taking a plunge. Where had she gone wrong in investing her money and where had she gone wrong in life. She swiveled in her chair and looked around her empty cubicle. Sitting opposite to her cubicle was her creepy colleague Neil. He was wicked enough to tease her and get away with it. On top of it, he flattered his seniors for a hike and promotion. How do bad people got all the good things in the world ?  she was still scared of him. She knew that reporting his lewd manners towards her to his seniors will not be much of a help. All it would do is, that Neil would get away again with a warning and he would be back to his old ways. She got up from her seat to take a loo break. She came to her seat and settled again in front of reddit.  She kept on browsing through random subreddit and chanced upon this interesting subreddit name-"sylviaforplath". She clicked on the subreddit only because Sylvia Plath's name was mentioned. She found that this subreddit was full of literary surprises. It had quotes, book excerpts from stephen king, sylvia plath, salman rushdie, enid blyton, julia child, carloz ruiz zafon, s.maugham and oh so many authors..This was a very interesting subreddit and definitely a good way to spend the whole day, she thought. She looked back towards her Neil who was busy typing something in the computer. He suddenly looked back and gave her a lecherous smile. She looked towards her computer screen with horror and a moment later her face was filled with disgust and hate for her colleague. "that man" she thought first took my promotion and is now harassing me. Something must be done about it. She tried to calm herself by browsing that sub reddit-sylivaforplath and she came across this sub reddit very ridiculously and someone with a low vocabulary named -coolguy4you. This was so 90s she thought and almost laughed. It had an interesting link of Stephen king interview in Playboy. She read the interview and clicked on the subreddit- coolguy4you to find similar posts. It was strange and a bit of a surprise for her, when she found that the first post on coolguy4you mentioned- "Fan of Stephen king, are we ?" the post mentioned and left at that. She scrolled below and was scared to see that someone this scary psuedonymn-coolguy4you had posted every single detail of her life since last 24 hours on that sub-reddit..with photographs. She shuddered in horror and closed her eyes. Someone must have planted hidden cameras in her home, in her room..Who could it be and why she thought. She closed her eyes for a moment, got up and went to the bathroom. She looked in the bathroom mirror & within 5 minutes of some one cyber stalking and harassing her, she had aged. Her foundation had dripped off and gave her a ghostly glow. She went back to her cubicle, logged in again and opened the web browser again. She scrolled-subreddit "coolguy4you" again. Someone had nailed down her schedule to the T. She found pics of herself, waking up in the bed, looking listlessly in the mirror, reading, cooking & even masturbating. She wanted to scream and cry at the same time. This was a nightmare come true. Someone was stalking her. She scrolled through the pictures again. the photos were bit grainy. someone had pixelated the images. Suddenly a new post popped up. "scrolling won't help you, don't look so terrified, i am your fan, love me will you." The text ended, with a photo of her staring at the monitor blindly. She got up from her workstation and looked around. Neil was tinkering something at the computer. She mustered up all the courage and went up to him. "Hello beautiful" he said. "what are you doing?" She asked "Finishing up my work, leaving for holidays in next 2 days." He said "but if you come, i promise i will change the destination to Goa."he added and derobbed her with his eyes. "the only destination, you need to travel is hell." She thought but didn't say it loud. She smiled tersely at him and went back to her seat. Lync window popped up on her window screen-Babe, i will miss you. Neil wrote. She actually wanted to write-Go to hell, you filthy bastard but all she could write was-have fun with your wife & kids. One day i will get you, she thought. She begin scrolling through the subreddit page but no one was monitoring or recording her life now. She tried to work but couldnt concentrate. She took an early day off from work and got home to be with her books & paranoid thoughts. Her mind was terrorized on thinking on who is stalking her & creating a weird online profile about her life. She felt as if she was being watched every moment. On a spur of moment, she opened her laptop and opened reddit.com. She searched "coolguy4you." "caught you" the new post screamed in big fonts and a yellow smiley. "we are home early, why?" the post said. "I love seeing you at work." the post said. "Who are you?" She screamed to the empty house. There were no new posts after that omnious post and she had a fitful sleep that night. Next  day she went to work with the usual trepidation of meeting her creepy colleague. "Am i cool for you?" Neil asked her today in the pantry. "you do know, that if you tell anyone about us, i will morph your photos into nude photos and your life will be finished. We'll have a great life together, i promise on work and off work." Neil said in his raspy voice and put his clamy hand on her hand. She backed away and went back to work. She scrolled reddit.com out of habit and fear-scrolled down the weird subreddit-coolguy4you. N0 new post, she sighed in relief. Suddenly out of nowhere-"hey nice, bra strap. Purple is my fav color." New post popped up. The only person she met today morning was Neil, could it be Neil, she thought. She looked toward his empty cubicle and saw his laptop playing the co logo screensaver. She sat at his workstation & tried unlocking the pw to his laptop. But it was to no avail, may be next thought she thought and went back to her cubicle. She sat late till night rewriting a client's code and out of nowhere a new post popped up from-coolguy4you "do you know, sitting late at night work will give you dark circles?" She was almost terrified, the office was eerily empty. She packed her bags & rushed home. She knew that somewhere behind all this, it should be Neil, a person who was hell bent on creating havoc in her personal life. She sat at her desk and thought about it. Suddenly she had an idea and logged into her computer. She backtracked through all the reddit posts & noticed the patterns of the stalker calling her beautiful, sexy, the stalker was trying to be sweet yet persuasive..passive bully if thats a word. She relaxed back and came to the conclusion, that it could be none other than Neil. He fit all the perimeters. There was no concrete evidence. But for someone who bullied her day in and day out with his advances and got away with it. This could be a better chance to eliminate him once and for all. The consequences would be disastrous, she was sure of it.  But it was worth trying. 

The next few days were spent in utter frenzy. After the sexual allegations on Neil, he was let off with a mild warning and transfer to an obscure place. He lost all his bullish charm and suddenly aged into middle aged potbellied man. She got the promotion and hike she deserved. It somewhere digged in her conscience that a man's life was troubled because of her but she was harassed too. She felt a bit guilty, but after a glass or two of wine all the guilt flew out of the window. She regained her glow again & a secret smile played on her lips. 

After few months, it came as a shock to her, that Neil & his family died in a tragic car crash, on a way to her holiday. She wondered if it was her turn too. Will fate or someone will try to kill her too ? She became paranoid, at times she felt that even her shadow was stalking her. One year later when things and her fear had started to settle down, she opened reddit again out of habit, after the usual browsing and she found out a subreddit titled "_yourfuturesvetlana", intrigued she tried, because svetlana used to be her online name ages ago. The first post was about a non-descript post about a kimchi,2nd post was about a wall clock showing 8pm, the third post was about her changing clothes..She jumped into her bed, when she saw the pic. She rushed to the window to see if anyone was taking her pictures, but there was no one was to see. No one can take your pictures from the window if you stay at 4th floor. she scrolled down again to find a post about her lying down on the bed and surfing her cell, the next post was at 11 pm of her settling down finally. it was 11.30 pm now. She was scared. She suddenly turned white and dared not to look at her PC now. But out of fear comes curiousity, and she scrolled again , she found a post of wall clock showing 12am, the next post was a picture of her body hanging from the ceiling fan, the wall clock in the room showed 12.15am. It was 11.45pm now.