The dark lord won. Everyone was dead. My wife lay motionless in my hands. I looked up to the powerful being, tears rolling down my face. My mana completely gone. He smiled from ear to ear with razor sharp teeth, his hand glowing red. The beam shot through my heart, and I died. 


When I came too everything was white. This must be Gallema, the after life for mages. There was an old man here too. Was he the creator?


"Hello Rollin. I'm disappointed I had to see you today."


"I'm... dead"


"Yes, you did die. No one can face the dark lord now. The world is doomed." 


I wanted to cry, but I had no tears here. "I'm sorry I failed you, I failed everyone."


"This time you did. However, I cannot allow him to win, but the things I can do are limited." 


"Creator. He's already won. I was the last defense of the temple of life. Once he has the light not even you could stop him." 


The old man nodded. "Rollin, how would you like a second chance?" 


I blinked. "A what?" 


"Even at the young age of forty-five, you are the most powerful mage I've ever witnessed. I wonder what you could have done with an extra thirty years or so years." He winked knowingly. 


"I could have defeated him. I could have protected my wife, my children, my friends."


"Are you certain?"


"Yes." I nodded confidently.


The old man smiled and extended two glowing hands. "This is a gift I've never given, but giving it to you will save them all. Rollin, are you willing to go back?"


"In half a heartbeat." I said.


"Very well."  He walked up to me and hugged me. His touch was so warm I felt like I was burning. My eyes fought to stay open through a pressure slamming them shut. My body dissolved and I floated in the white space, purposelessly. A void opened below me, sucking me straight back to earth. 


I screamed and fell from the branch of a tree. I rubbed my head and spun left to right. I'd been here before. The smell of coffee was as strong as I'd ever smelled it. This was Master Von's garden. That couldn't be right. It was destroyed years ago. A small girl looked at me her eyes flooding with worry. It didn't take a second to click. I raced up to her, hugging her tightly. 


"Nella. You're alive." I said, holding back tears of relief.


Her face flushed red and she screamed, pushing me back on the dirt. "Y-y-you... Shouldn't be here." Her father, Master Von, was the second strongest mage in the city. He doted on his daughter like she were the world. It took me years to get his blessings. 


"Nella? Are you ok? Who the hell are you?" Yatti said. He was Nella's first husband. But that was a political marriage. She never loved him. I assume. 


"I'm Nella's future husband. How do you do." I smiled in contempt. Nella flushed again and hung her mouth open, stammering rejection. 


Yatti gritted his teeth and stomped towards me. "You dare say that to her fiance?" He was going to kill me. I raised my arms ready to fight. My hands were small. I was still a child. I reached for my mana, it was so small I couldn't use even the most basic spell. Yatti was big. This wouldn't end well for me. 


Yatti threw a punch and I spun past him, causing him to crash to the dirt. I grabbed Nella's hands and looked into her eyes. "I love you, I will win you back." 


Her face was hot as fire and she started to stammer again. I smiled and ran towards the archway entrance. Waving goodbye. Yatti chased after me, his hands glowing red covered by fire. 


I crashed into something as I watched Yatti's face twist in horror. I looked up, a mountain of a man wrapped in muscles covered with scars stared down at me. 


"Didn't I tell you, no friends I don't know?" He growled at Yatti. The boy stood at attention and bowed. 


"He's no friend, he's an intruder." Yatti said. 


"Master Von," I said standing to my feet and grabbing his gigantic hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm in love with your daughter." 


The man smiled, then chopped me on the head. "Fool. You are not worthy of my daughter." 


I held my head holding back tears, "I'm a kid, why would you do that?" 


He tilted his head back and laughed, "If you want her you'd have to take her from me."


"Dad!" Nella yelled. 


"Father, I can handle--" Yatti started, but Master Von's glare cut him short. 


"Understood Master Von, I accept your offer. I'll be back Nella." I winked. 


Von laughed and squeezed my head, I thought it might burst. "You're a hundred years too early peasant runt." He said lifting me into the air. 


I pinched my chin in thought. "No, it should only take me about two."


He tossed me out the gate, my body flailing helplessly as I smashed against the ground. "A stupid child like you has no reason to associate with my daughter." 


"We'll see about that." I barked before scurrying away. I had a very long list of things to do and only thirty three years to do it. I would stop the dark lord, but first I needed some muscles. 


*****


Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this prompt, subscribe to /r/QuarkLaserdisc for more of my quirky Quark goodness! 


Critiques and criticisms are always appreciated! 

