The day began like any typical day for 62 year old me. Dan, my husband was out watering our garden as I prepared our morning coffee and English muffins that we ritually consumed for breakfast. The percolator and toaster were running at the same time but it was too late before I realized that the breaker was weak so all the power in the kitchen shut off. "Dan, I did it again!" 



I could hear the flow of the hose cease and the grumbling and muttering of curses under his breath. The house was old and the wiring was weak. I have lost count at the amount of times I have run appliances in the kitchen- including the times I was a young child. You would think I'd remember, considering I was practically part of the wallpaper by now, but most of the time, I didn't think about it until it happened. Now that I'm older, I seem to be more forgetful of things like that.



In a matter of minutes, the percolator turned back on and I moved the toaster to the laundry room not to disrupt the breaker once again. 




Dan stepped into the kitchen with the paper, opened it and didn't speak a word. "Thank you!" I said to him. "Mmhm" he replied looking up from his paper momentarily with a playful smirk. 



I pulled out the tray and set upon it, the sugar, a spoon, the butter, and butter knife. From the cupboard I took 2 small plates and set them at their perspective places. The first English muffin was finished and I brought Dan's plate to the toaster and carefully with my index finger and thumb, placed it without burning myself. I put a second muffin in the toaster and proudly brought Dan his and heard a "Thank you my dear" as I walked over to the counter to check the percolator. The coffee had finally brewed and I poured us both a cup and steadily walked across the floor to the table. I heard my English muffin pop from the toaster and brought my plate over to it. Once I finally sat down, I was eager to enjoy the morning.



Dan stood up and walked over to the fridge. I had forgotten something crucial, yet again. There are those who enjoy their coffee black, however, we do not. "Ah damn! We are out of milk!" 



Suddenly, there was a knock at the kitchen door. "Who in the hell could it be this early?" Dan grumbled as he unlocked the main door. Just as it swung open, I glanced upwards and my blood ran cold. 


A ghost of my past was standing in front of me and was holding a gallon of milk- the milk he said he was on his way to pick up before he disappeared from our lives 50 years ago.



"Did we get a new milkman in town or something?" Dan asked crossly. 


The ghost raised an eyebrow and in his confused tone answered "No, I live here."