**\- My first attempt on this sub -**

I was awoken to the sound of dripping water. I tried to move but quickly found out my wrists were bound above my head. I looked upwards to see them chained to a pipe on the roof. Water dripped from the pipe in a regular unbreaking tempo. 

"So. You're awake." An older man with graying hair walked in from another room. I immediately noticed the scalpel he cradled in his hands. "Sorry to say, you're my latest play thing. It's nothing personal really. I tend to pick my play things at random." The man slowly walked towards me.

I tried to struggle free of the chains but they were too tight. My options of escape were dwindling, as few as there were to begin with. "You've no idea what you've done." I said in a quiet voice.

My captor brought his face close to mine and whispered, "I know exactly what I've done. I've chosen you as my play thing." He moved back and started stroking the scalpel. "I'll cut you, and cut you, and cut you, until you can't take it anymore and die from blood loss. Your screams will fill my ears with plea-"

"You have absolutely no idea." I said interrupting him. "You have no idea how many people I've killed."

"How many you've killed?" The man chuckled. "I've been watching you for the last two weeks. You're a nine to five office worker with a wife and two children."

"I haven't killed in the last four years." I replied with a wry smile. "I figured I could get away from it, but it seems trouble follows me wherever I go. Even if you aren't the usual government goons I've dealt with." My captor's eyes narrowed at my words. "You have no idea what you've done. No matter how many people you've killed, my body count is much, much higher." 

My eyes began to glow white and my captor grabbed onto his head and began screaming in pain. He flailed his body around knocking boxes and other objects over before falling to his knees. He let out one more scream of pain as blood poured from every orifice on his head. Eyes, nose, ears, mouth. His arms dropped and his body slumped over in a heap on the floor. 

"That's number three-hundred and twenty seven..."