"Fuck you. You play with my life, I play with your game".

It didn't take me long to get acquainted with the 9 other guys who were settle on the remote island. One of them was a doctor, another an engineer, the rest where regular white collared employees who had toughened up into survivors during their stay there. Me? I was the one the airlines never should've picked on.

I was a retired special forces commander, from a force that you never heard of. Only the weak ones put up their name for show, basking in the glory of their mediocrity. Not us. We go in, we get in, finish the job and get out. End of story. After serving 15 of the mandatory years, we're allowed to leave if we want, most don't. You see when your whole world starts to revolve around high stakes foreign missions, it gets hard to re-assimilate yourself back into society. Most of us simply transferred over to becoming national security officers in the government after reaching a certain age or join as a specialist in some of the better known armed forces. Others work undercover in some of the most dangerous organized crime syndicates. But none of us left the line of action, except me. 

I was the first to decide to assimilate back into society as an average joe. I had my records changed, got a degree in security made that was well below my skill set and joined corporate america. I did it all for her, my newborn daughter, my only family that I had left. And I'll be damned if anyone tries to come in between us.

It didn't take me long to figure out that there were drones high up in the sky watching our every move. That was our first task, media blackout. You see when we grow up, we fear what we don't know more than what we know. And I was sure as hell knocking out every single of them damned son of a bitches drones would make them react. My team knew that I was the real deal when they saw me work at the drones, luring them into caves we all hid in. They thought just because they were silent and smaller than your finger nail we wouldn't notice them right? Wrong. All it took was a rock thrown at the right moment to knock em down. 

We took this opportunity to start exploring the island, I knew something was wrong with it. You don't just have drones magically appear and disappear without them coming from somewhere. And I found out where. They were watching us from up close. Thought it would be 'exhilarating' to be so close to the action. Oh they'll see action alright, up close and burning with pain.