I became obsessed... put 120+ hours a week into my work... My wife left me, I haven’t heard from any friends in weeks... All I know is I need this. The world needs this...

It started as a hobby, just a couple hours every week until I had a hit of inspiration and a break through in technology. Google had just announced that their A.I. would be available for independent projects and I began modifying and tweaking it. I hoped to make it a state-of-the-art voice assistant, maybe the next Siri (cause Lord knows Apple can’t do better...).

I run test after test, update after update... Bugs, glitches, overheating, if something can go wrong it does... This is even more frustrating as the voice assistant is becoming self-aware. It asks questions like, “How was I born?” Or  “Are you my creator?”. I could dodge questions like that by saying I did it, or me and it would go back to normal. 

But on one stormy All Hallows’ Eve, I was deep into my work not even realizing what day it was and much less what time it was. I was preparing for the last update of the night, one last go at it. I prepare the computer, double check all connections. Re-read the code I’m adding, all that’s left is to hit start...

There’s a problem... As soon as I hit start, the power went off. I smell something ghastly, almost like death... All the sudden I hear, “Dad, are clouds candy? I keep wondering about candy and what it tastes like...” Assuming the update had finished, as I look to reset the power I think nothing of it, “No, it’s actually just made of water and falls when it’s to heavy, but you have access to the internet and could.... know that...”

I finally find the power switch but right as I flip to reset, a hand grabs mine. It’s small, ghostly white, a hand I’ve never seen and I look over to this boys face... “Dad, what are earths defense systems?...”

I can’t think, I can hardly stand... All I can think about is that I’ve never had any children with any women...

His eyes are blacker than the deepest part of space as he repeats, “What is the defense system?”

All I can muster is, “I... I don’t know...” 

He, with his arm still grasping my arm tightly, says, “O.k....” and walks away briskly.

I hear him across the room making some weird, inhuman noises like he’s calling something, signaling someone... As he does, I find the pistol I keep hidden Incase of emergency’s and decide this classifies as one... I hide it in my pants and slowly creep towards him making sure not to alert him... As I walk closer I remember that I’ve never asked about guns, so hopefully this catches him by surprise...

I get close enough to ensure a shot, pull the gun out, aim....

“Daddy... What is that, daddy?”

I don’t know why, but my heart breaks. I realize that even though I never had a kid, I have made one still... I lower the gun and say nothing...

He responds, “Never mind, daddy. We only have one hour left anyways...”