AN: My first attempt. Don’t hate me


Sarah Ross stood, inspecting her work. Before her laid a man stabbed in the heart, blood trickling slowly down the table. The sound of shuffling brought her attention off the dead man.

“You’re here...” She said, her voice trailing off.

“Of course I’m here. It is my job after all.” 

He approached the body, holding his hand above the man’s chest and extracting his soul, it floating lazily out of his mouth and into the Reaper’s satchel. With his other hand, he ghosted the man’s face to close his eyes.

“Why do you kill, Sarah?”

“I kill because I can’t see you any other way.” She said, staring directly into his empty eye sockets under the black hood. He stared back at her, those empty sockets boring into her soul. “I love you.”

“And how did you come to love me?” He asked, his smooth voice flowing over her, making her weak at the knees.

“I... I don’t know... I just do. You’re perfect.”

He walked over to her, placing his hands on her arms, the bones creaking as they moved. 

“When did you come to this conclusion?” He asked.

“When we first met. When dad died. 10 years ago.”

The Reaper thought back, remembering the 15 year old with wonder in her eyes watched as he took her father’s soul.

“So you kill just to see me?” 

“Yes.”

“You know I can’t stay for long. I do like these moments however. I’ve been doing this for a long time, so long I can no longer keep track. Not once in all that time have I ever experienced a human emotion.”

“Does that mean you love me too?”

“I’m not sure. I’ve never experienced love. What I can say is that I admire your technique. The way you kill is truly masterful. This is your 34th victim, and no one is any the wiser.”

Sarah’s cheeks flushed. “That’s so sweet.”

“Now I must leave. More bodies to attend to...”

“Wait! Let me come with you!” 

“You can’t. When it is your time, you’ll know. I’ll see you around.” And with that, he vanished.

-

10 years and 47 victims later, she knew it was time. She had risked too much, and now she was pinned. The police and FBI had surrounded the building. There was no way out, save for one. Her death.

She turned to the Reaper behind her, who had just taken then soul of her most recent victim, the Governor or New York. “Is it my time.”

“Almost.”

“I’ve enjoyed our time together,” She said, playing with her red hair, “however fleeting it was.”

“We’ll have more.” He replied, continuing his work.

“How?”

“You’ll see.” He said, a smirk appearing on his face.

-

She walked through the front door of the building, her hand holding her cellphone to look like a gun. All the authorities outside the door opened fire, the bullets riddling her body. She laid on the ground, in pain and bleeding out. 

The Reaper appeared, crouching above her head. 

“Is this the end?” She asked.

“For this life, maybe.” He said, taking her soul and closing her eyes. 

The news the next morning told about the heroic law enforcement officers who had brought the end to the most prolific serial killer known. 

-

A long time had passed, so long that she couldn’t keep track of it anymore, but nothing had changed. Humanity was still just as barbaric. People still killed each other, and their job never got any easier. 

“I will tell you Sarah, you were right. Having a partner does make this better.”

All she could do was smile. They were together now and forever.


