Honest John they called me.  It wasn't actually my name, but sometimes people latch onto an idea and can't really be persuaded to let it go. I have taken advantage of this little niggling detail of human psyche in the past however, by all the salt in my blood, I guarantee I'm not a lying man.

The robbery happened late Wednesday night.  It was a small band of crooks that stole a couple hundred million in bearer bonds, stock certificates, and intellectual property.  Portable secrets for the most part, not really traceable once they started to bounce around the darker portions of the world.  Funnily enough,  it was an all female team of crooks that stole the kit and kaboodle.

Of course I was investigated.  Everyone on my security team was, as were all the bank tellers, and everyone up to the president of the bank.  When it was my time to sit down I had to be a little blunt with the wet streak of piss investigating me.  

I didn't like to start rumors about the young lady I had been spending the evening in question with but I told the detective "Sir, if you're asking me point blank I have to tell you.  Little Margaret down there? Curly headed blonde? I was with her on that night.  If you ask her hard enough I'm sure she will tell you everything that we did, and by my soul, I am not a lying man but that would mightily embarrass me.  By your leave I'll just write her a note saying that it's ok with me if she answers your questions."

> Mag, please answer this gentleman's questions, I already said we were together that night, just don't say anything about our activities that might embarrass yourself or myself.  I have his guarantee he won't ask for anything too revealing.

"That meet your standards, detective? I do hope it will help you. By my oath, I'm not a lying man, I do hope these bastards get caught."

And that was roughly it for me.  They never caught the thieves, and regrettably that was likely my fault.  I learnt long ago that people see what they insist upon seeing.  With me they see big, solid, dependable, and (above all) honest John.  And I let them see that.

By my soul, I'm not a lying *man*