The last thing I remembered during my onboarding at the hospital was reading the OSHA guidelines about cleaning up hazardous waste and decontaminating areas after spills. For hundreds of years, that's all I had been dreaming about until I was awaken by Them.

They told me that Their colony was on the verge of collapse, that a society that was Other, that was not-Them was destroying the colonies on all of Their worlds. I had been awaken as a last resort. To be more precise, They didn't "tell" me this, They just relayed it to me in a series of thoughts. They had found the hospital years earlier, and had divined the reason for its existence. All of the other pods only held remains, They thought at me, mine was the only one left.

They were confused, They thought. They had expected something more intimidating when They managed to open the pod safely. A monster of epic proportions, perhaps. What they got was, well, me.
I tried to explain that it was all a mistake, that I'd worked back-to-back shifts at the facility, that I'd been bone-tired and had just wanted a nap. The section I was in wasn't even supposed to have gone online for another few months, though everyone knew that the Musklord, Bezos 19 wanted to have the facility up and running much earlier than that.

I had just been so tired, my eyelids so heavy... but They didn't care. They needed help, They needed the monsters they had learned about in their history books, the ravagers of planets, destroyers of climates, the instinctual takers-of-life.

What can I do? I silently screamed. I was nothing more than a worker, a drone - I tired to use imagery They might comprehend, but it was no use.

Their pleading was tinged with the worst possible thing I could think  of - hope. They had put all of Their hope into me, and the depths of the guilt I felt would make my Bubbe proud. But there was more - beyond hope - there was a promise: They promised that They could bring others back, that humans didn't need to die, that I didn't need to be the last.

I felt their fear as They informed me of this - fear of what chaos humans could sow if unleashed upon the universe once again. We had apparently been the architects of our own demise, and while many races tried to help - some helped speed the annihilation along, others tried to help save us - the sentient beings of the universe breathed a collective sigh of relief when we were gone. I could feel the coldness of their recollections of humans, it was ingrained in every thought.

And Earth? I wondered. They showed me a vibrant, thriving planet, cared for by those we had once hunted to near-extinction.

Will you help? They asked once again.

I nodded. I could feel the deep empathy they had for one another, for life itself. And I could feel that the invaders were the antithesis of that love of life.

While I was no super-soldier who had been bred to survive the vacuum of space, sprout wings and dive to the depths of a methane ocean while my genius was able to run a hundred battlefronts at once, I did know a thing or two. I could take the fight to Their enemies in a way that would be less-than OSHA compliant.