I was pretty fed up. My sandwiches kept disappearing out of the office fridge by the time my stomach was grumbling for lunch. The most frustrating part is that we have an open office plan here at Salt n' Things and I would SEE if someone was chowing down on my meticulously crafted tuna melts.

I only had one clue to work with. It all started a week ago when that new guy, Ollie, started at work. In our first team meeting I was already suspicious of the dude.

They say little kids are less likely to trust a man with facial hair. Well, call me a toddler and hand me a lollie because Ollie had heaps of facial hair. It was unnatural. Borderline unprofessional, but Salt n' Things is a startup...so anything goes.

Ollie was also dripping wet every day. It made sense in the first meeting because it rained that day, but every day since it's looked like he forgot to towel off after a shower and then sprinted to work in 100 degree heat.

I couldn't tell if he was sweating because he was nervous or what? But man, I've never seen anything like that.

When he introduced himself in the meeting he seemed like your average bloke. Just finished university, moved to the city, lives on the East side *cough* the hipster side *cough*.

He's got some interesting hobbies like wood working and white water rafting but other than that...and the constant trail of water...and his suspicious face he's your average cat.

Except...maybe the trenchcoat he wears.

I mean, it's summer after all. Sure, it rained the first day he came to work but it's been sunny and hot as every day since. Maybe he just doesn't want to rock the boat, or it's just his style. He does live on the East side, after all...

Anyway, I digress.

Where the heck do my tuna melts keep ending up?

I devised a blue dye test. So, I literally put blue dye in my sandwich the next day. If it was Ollie stealing those sando's, he'd be walking around with a blue beard after scarfing down my masterpiece.

Have I mentioned I'm a grand master of the George Foreman grill?

Anyway, the next day I get to the fridge...sando is gone...and nobody is walking around with blue lips or face hair. I'm baffled. Is this a joke?

I checked the trash can to see if someone was just being wasteful and tossing them out. Nothing but apple cores, banana peels and granola wrappers.

Damn.

And then something strange caught my eye. Ollie was wearing glasses, and his face looked a little different.

I walked over to my office crush, Bertha's desk because I figured at least this was a good topic of conversation.

When I pointed out Ollie's appearance change she let out sigh of relief... 'oh, thank god I'm not the only one who can see it!'

'See what? That he is wearing glasses and looks like he trimmed up his beard at lunch?' I asked

'NO! Dammit I am the only one who can see it!!' Bertha practically yelled under her breath (gotta keep with office etiquette).

I just gave her a look like, 'I'm listening...tell me more'.

And she said in one long breath, without stopping and half crying, 'call me crazy but from day 1 I noticed something strange about Ollie. He was obviously a beaver. but then I googled it an obviously beavers can't talk and are a little bit fatter than Ollie, so I googled 'what looks like a beaver' and realized that Ollie has to be an otter. But Wikipedia says Otters can't talk either so I've just kept my mouth shut because no one else seems to notice and I didn't want to sound like a loon!'

I saw my opportunity to impress Bertha. I walked over to Ollie's desk and told him to look me in the eye. And then it happened, he tripped and the trenchcoat flew open. Two otters lay on the ground. One with glasses, and one who looked like Ollie with a blue beard.

I found my culprit and got a date with Bertha. Ollie got to keep his job though. He had closed more deals in a week with Salt n' Things than I'd closed in a month because...there were two of him. And I have to admit the guy had talent. Plus, as a startup, getting two employees for one salary can't be beat.

I started bringing chicken melts to work and they stopped disappearing.