"All I'm saying is, I'm pretty sure Mark Zuckerberg is a reptile. I've watched several thousand videos of the guy, and I've never seen him blink. Not once. I even heard he is pushing for people to eat bugs instead of meat. Can you believe that?" Paul said with a shudder while John sat across from him sipping a coffee. Paul was a great guy, but he was just a bit crazy. He thought lizard people were real and controlling the government from the shadows. John only thought his friend was a little bit crazy instead of full on crazy since there really were lizard people in the world wearing people suits. Of course, they didn't actually control the world. 

"Come on. Mark Zuckerberg's a weird guy, but he's not a lizard." John countered. 

"Oh? How so?" Paul asked. 

"He owns goats, sacrifices them, and uses lasers to kill them. If anything he's a satanist, a demon, or some sort of bond villain." John countered, his words somehow wounding Paul's pride. 

"True, true, but explain why we have never seen the man blink? Why his skin always seems to sag. Why he practically screams "uncanny valley" when you see his face?" Paul asked, sweating nervously before adding another quip. "Besides, satanic demons don't exist. Lizard people do." He said. 

"Oh? And how exactly would a lizard person move around? They're cold blooded, and most of the people you accuse of being lizards live in the cold." John asked, realizing Paul was being a little bit speciest without realizing it. Yes, there were lizard people that were in the government, but they weren't ALL controlling it. Sometimes the most control they had was a management position at Petco. Sometimes. Most of the time, they were trapped in an office cubicle screaming mentally before spending the weekend playing Xbox and eating bugs.

"Easy. Synthetic skins with built in heaters." It was, at this point John started to get nervous. If he had sweat glands, he'd be drenched in his own juices by now. How did Paul know about the heating systems? 

"That's... Ridiculous. How would that work?" He asked. 

"Battery built into the jacket, and clothes with wiring like a heating blanket." John shifted, hiding his battery pack while subtly tighting his John meat suit.

"Honestly, I still think he's a demon from hell." John said, hoping to distract Paul by changing the subject. 

"D-don't be ridiculous." Paul said. "Why a demon and not a lizard?"

"I mean, demons are all great lawyers and mess with the law like businessmen. They also always have a lot of money when they offer deals, but they can't just spawn money. I mean, if a guy sold his soul for money and the money just came into existence, the economy would collapse in a matter of years from inflation. It would make more sense for them to be businessmen on earth that transfer their own cash to people whose souls they buy." He said as Paul laughed, treating it as a mere joke. 

"Demons are not real. The lizards are." He declared. 

"Lizard people myths are from the past few decades. Demons have been around since the era of Jesus Christ. I think the demons are more realistic." John said. 

"Even if demons were real, I doubt they're all high powered wealthy people like Hugh Hefner was. You can't have everyone be a winner." Paul said indignantly

"Hugh Hefner? Why'd you bring him up?" John asked. 

"... Point is, if demons exist and that's a huge IF, I doubt they'd be controlling the government or business. Pretty sure they'd be stuck in a 9-5 job in a damn cubicle like everyone else." He said with a tinge of shame. 

"Or they'd be the Queen of England." John said as a joke. "I mean, how old is that lady? No way she lived that long without making a deal with the devil." Paul didn't laugh and just scratched his neck. John coughed awkwardly into his hand as their coffee break ended, forcing them to go back to their cubicles and spend the rest of the day as glorified code monkeys. Two of their coworkers stood just outside of the doors, sighing at the ridiculousness of the duo's chats.

"God, why does HR tell us to keep our mouths shut? It's sad at this point." One of them said, glancing at the shy secretary from up front trip and fall flat on her face, exposing her tail for a brief second before getting back to her feet and walking away in a frenzy, glancing around and hoping nobody noticed. Literally every human saw her tail, but they pretended to be oblivious as they went on with their day.

"Because the company can't afford a demon and lizard resources department." His coworker said. "So keep your damn mouth shut if you know what's good for you."

"Come on man. It's starting to become a little racist." 

"Racist how?" 

"How would you feel if I walked into work one morning in black face, called myself Tyrone Jones, and marked myself as African American on all paperwork? Well they're walking in with meat-face and marking themselves down as human."

"If you have an issue with that, go to HR."

"But they're not Humans!"

"So go to the DR or LR."

"We don't have those departments!"

"Then shut the hell up and deal with it pansy." 