I've been alive for more than 200 years. What started as a miracle that I created with my wife and some of the brightest minds in the world somehow has become the prison that binds me into this world. As I lay near death, slowly dying of aggressive Leukemia, my wife told me, in a voice that was more of a command than a plea, " You're not allowed to die, okay? You have to stay with me forever." Sadly time has twisted the words into a reminder of my involuntary life. As soon as I was diagnosed our think tank began working on a cure, or at least a solution for my disease. Gary, my best friend, ended up with the multi trillion dollar idea. Nanites. Not really original but he found a way for them to draw power from the gravitational ripples in space time. This discovery allowed us to design micro-machines that would self replicate as necessary but more importantly fix my broken body to the image of perfect health. These benefits didn't come without a price though. As the nanites replicated they self improved, adding more and more functionality until I became a god among men. Life was good for a while, no more paper cuts and no more common cold. We refined the technologies that went into our nanites, found better ways to manufacture them and searched for a way to scale up the gravitational generator. But then, I was blindsided. Gary was corrupted by the prospective wealth and power. He was looking for a way to use the nanites to control those the inhabited or at least hold their live's hostage. As soon as I noticed his intent I confronted him, leading to a fight in which I was knocked out. Next thing I knew I was bound on some cool metal table in a pitch black room. Later someone who stood behind me told me what happened after that fight Gary had announced that he had finally perfected the nanites an their manufacturing process. To celebrate this great victory they had a toast, in which Gary had put some, lets say faulty, nanites. These faulty nanites didn't understand how to help the body, and instead tried to reconstruct it into their ideal image, leading to the messy dismemberment of their bodies into thoughtless clones of Gary. I wept for days after hearing the news, tears never drying as the nanites kept hydrating me from ambient moisture. Then came the starvation. For months I was on that table, suffering in darkness, only ever hearing that voice once. But then one day, a door opened and Gary walked around into my view. "Gary you bastard I'm going to kill you!" I shouted at the top of my lungs as I struggled against my bonds. But he was silent and waited until I no longer struggled, and then a bit more. "You know after all these years I'm surprised you've kept your grudge," he said softly. I laughed, a laugh full of spite. "All that ambition and guilt must have driven you insane you poor fool. At most it has been 3 months. I'm surprised you've lasted this long hiding from the authorities." "You really couldn't tell could you?" He spoke as if he was contemplating something. "Here let me show you the reality of your situation." Suddenly I was moving, my world expanding from my prison for the first time in... a very long time. Looking triumphant Gary turned around and I noticed his features seemed.. more refined, as if there was some unearthly quality to his skin. "It has been over 4,000 years since you last saw light. Look out this window and experience for yourself just how much time has passed. Outside looked like a page from my favorite sci-fi series. Outside of the window looked like a mix of Gothic architecture and impossible technologies. Men twice my height were  loading into what I can only describe as a Cathedral transformed into some sort of battle cruiser. "What? Where are we? What is this!?" I replied in a panic. He simply replied smugly as I was carted back into my cold dark room "Welcome to my empire of man, the greatest force in the Galaxy. Built upon the ashes of the old world with the jewel that is MY discovery.

I apologize in advance for any errors. Kinda writing this at 2 in the morning.
