Sometimes I would lay and think about how much I had overcome, how much money I had made, my triumphs and the part of my brain designated only for my accolades. All I ever wanted. I religiously slept with beautiful people, meeting and galvanizing the rich and successful, I had lived my naive childhood fantasies. I escaped everything I wanted to and did everything that I thought would bring meaning to my life. 

Under glorious palm trees or adorned by a bed of cumulus clouds, clouds personified as the sanctity of all life. The fine liquids and champagnes offered on a catered private aircraft. Just for me to drink out of a bottled Corona on a white sand beach. Or partaking in European ecstasy and then drinking the concoction of an African witch doctor. I once saw a man hack another man to death for his iPhone and wallet in Eastern Vietnam. 

I once asked my best friend and shepherd to burn a rival to death in his sail boat during a company vacation. I didn’t know he had people in the sail boat. I suppose it does not entirely matter. I can never decide whether it bothers me or not. I do not have the power to accomplish such things. I would likely watch the world burn if I did. 

The loss of passion and the surmounting debt of our world and what we do has taken its toll on me. If I thought I wanted to kill myself in high school and college my current self could only laugh at them, cherish and drink in their ignorant and free willed presence in a god forsaken 5 acre patch of dirt circled by crops. But those days are gone, never to be experienced again, for better or worse, it’s still no fun to be alive. 

Truthfully, I think this way all of the time, as in how I lay down right now questioning the validity of my life. How to make my death an “accident”. How drunk or high I should get before hand. How would I even do it. I do not have the courage to do it. If courage is what it takes. 

I can only think this way so long before the boredom and depreciation get to me. I go to any local brewpub, but I’m home so I go to the Angry Duck. I will always be greeted by a familiar face. I always get my first beer as a member. It is always good to be greeted and given a fresh cold draft beer. It’s much like the first cigarette of the day. The morning masturbation. The things that make you feel alive!

It’s well lit with the technological stampede of eleven 50 inch televisions plastered all around the restaurant. No buzzing of neon but the wide space and a ceiling reaching for heaven leave me with nothing but the three dozens of conversation arguing with a feverish kitchen. My beer is good. This will be the highlight of my week. Best to get it done with early. 

When Mammon came into a building his presence was felt. No one quite understood it like I did, it is imposing and immediate. Disarming as his green eyes comfort you, they glitter as if he were to cry just making eye contact with you. Smiling shyly and running his fingers through a curly fade the man was instantaneous in persuading people that a being of sin and suffrage, with a will to corrupt and dishearten every mortal whom he likes was a lover finding his place in the world. 

Mammons place was where he chose. We had been friends for nearly ten years when he told me that our friendship was no accident. Celebrating a plunge in the housing market and absorption of several small rivals, I was told by my theological best friend that the reason he asked me if he could come over was because I was weak. Because I was manipulatable and yearned for something unfulfilling and pointless. He told me we had ridden to success and wealth together to show me that it has no purpose. That I was just as unhappy then but now I could kill myself in the most abstract and deplorable ways fathomable. Or I could sail to a beautiful country and hope a small band of pirates come to rob me, hogtie me, stab me repeatedly and throw me over board. 

Every time I saw Mammon however I was unsure whether to bask in energy of a prophet from the underworld or if that’s the only motivation I need to kill my self. Being friends nearly twenty years, I think I can just continue to bask. 
“Howdy.” Mammon says to me. 
“A tall citra, an Irish mule, and one Jameson please.” Mammon says to the bartender. 
“What’s ravaging the mind today?”
“Can I not just really need some alcohol?”
“I am all for excess but usually I develop a pace.”
”I know my pace for today that’s why I ordered what I did.”
I didn’t find any need to respond. I sat and drank my beer accepting of the fact that this is all there is to do. 
“Nothing else to do on this god forsaken plane anyhow.”

If I wasn’t letting rage and bitterness overcome me and asking Mammon to bring hellfire upon those whom I hate, then our lives could be boring. There was explicit need for sex or relationships as it was repetitive. I don’t like retail shopping. I’ve been to nearly two-thirds of the worlds countries. The only excitement we still get is watching the world burn. 

“So what will it be today? Are we going to try and get into an altercation maybe get stabbed or mugged? Or should we just get drunk and maybe destroy a field?” 
Mammon knew the only fun I have is in misery or destruction. Never the destruction of something I own, but never the misery of someone besides myself. Our options were truly limitless. 
“Maybe I’ll just kill myself. I can’t put it off forever and I think I’ve just about done everything I want.”
“Yeah you’d get a head start but we’ll be going in a couple days anyways. Better to wait.”
“What are you talking about?”
“In two days we have to leave the mortal plane. We’ve business in hell.”

To many Mammon was an attractive, witty, and quick human whose empathetic nature contradicted the aura of evil that you felt but to me he was a snarling sack of shit. The ugliest thing I ever did see. With a facial structure misconfigured, his sharp nose expanded outwards and nostrils nearly an inch in diameter. I loved to watch him snort drugs. His lips stuck out because of his large fangs that prevented them from closing fully. This horrendous beast, my best friend and the reason for my success was the greatest and most influential creature to ever roam. What business could I do for him in Hell?

“I’m not going to Hell. But it would be nice to leave the “mortal plane”.”
“You don’t really have a choice but I’ll let you digest.”
“Well if I’m not understanding why don’t you break it down for me?”
Mammon has finished his Jameson and nearly finished his mule, he was preparing himself for something I did not know. 

“Twenty years ago to the day on Tuesday your soul crossed mine and I knew you would be my vessel, as I would be yours. You used me to claw your way to the top, to be successful, to kill, as an affirmation of happiness and fulfillment. I did all I could but it will never be enough because there isn’t anything to be happy about. Your soul was already corrupted and I had to corrode it. We lived out our mortal dreams together. I help you achieve whatever frivolous thought or passion you want. And now you company me to my plane. Now you help me accomplish the things that I have always wanted.”

I sat there dumbfounded. My shepherd, my Virgil, a demon doing the devils foley let me use him to shape my future, because he needs to do the same. 

“So now I corrode you?”
“Oh I wish I could get worse, you’re going to do the things that I cannot. My bidding if you will. I just need my best friend.”
“Yeah don’t give me the best friend bullshit if you made me sign a contract when I was thirteen years old that tied my soul to hell.”
“We didn’t sign anything, we always just knew.”

