"Welcome, newcomer"  he said with a grin. 
"We are a bit short on heads due to a certian slip of a rule that some have taken advantage of."

"Welcome to hell, where all your torture and wildest pains come true.  Im here to sentence your soul to eternal suffereing blah blah, until you ruin it by...  well, i dont care if you stay.  The few who keep me company are off torturing themselves for the day's work.  You will start tomorrow, ill show you to your room."

I take a look around the cavernous lair and dont see much.  The devil seems lonely.  I wonder what happened.

"This is where your soul shall rest.  And resting is your job so you may be given a chance to survive the torture on a daily basis."  He said  "look around the halls -" suddenly a great castle hall appeard "and give yourself a tour before your nourishing agony commences, lord knows it will hurt.   Welp -" he said with his hands on his hips now, head tilted "- go on, uhhh, im tired here.  Even satan's soul needs to rest."

As i reach my room after giving myself a tour i spot a young man's soul, given the formal hell attire of his own skin as torn off and processed sewn clothing. With holes in his ears as if his soul carried on the weight of his choice of gauges.  What a waste.

He approaches me and smiles a straight line nodding his head left to right.   Anything off of frowning seems to be an invitation to pain.   He claims to know me, yet, claims we lived on earth at seperate times.  How this could be ill never know since satan said re-incarnation is not a thing.  I wonder who is lying.

I am skeptical of the young soul as i listen to his chatter of how hell works.   The systematic process is much more orderly than anyone had imagined.   Its like a regular 9 to 5 without pay. (Oh the agony of the idea alone) but off time and free time is actually free time?  This worries me but is simply explain by the boy.  

He says that the more we suffer, the more tolerant we become, the less we know pain, the less we feed satan's willpower.  Its all for a purpose he says.   

"That satan is real talkitive, i can see how people wanna hang out with him.   He has better entertainment than heaven ive heard. So the torture is kinda worth it" the boy said

Someone (somesoul) else chimes in "those pussy foot 'pretend to do good' souls that ran off to heaven dont know what they are missing. There are plenty who chose to stay in hell.   Pissing annoying they are..."  and kept walking the halls.

The human condition is truly more terrifying than hell itself.  I thought to myself.

After a week or so of the torture and online classes of late professors for facial oppression therapy i get to know that everyone here is either oblivious of the rule, or chose to stay in hell.
 i go up to satan before bedtime and ask him

"So what was this rule that everyone used to escape hell for heaven? It doesnt even seem worth the switch."

"Well kid, ill tell ya what.   I like that you allow me to feed off your soul by choice.  And i do offer great perks."

He lets out a great sigh.  I cant tell if it is relief or dissapointment.   He then said

"You know,  they just asked."

Satan walks off and stares at the massive hell that is gaping with souls begging for torture.
He puts his hands on a nearby counter and lowers his head.
He whispers sofly while turning his head slightly towards me

"They even said please."