  It's your birthday! Happy birthday man, ninety three years huh? Good for you!

  You sit there in your chair surrounded by friends and family, they all sing Happy Birthday. You look at the candles, a vague sense of depression washes over you. The candle were those single number kind, just two of them a nine and a three. They stopped giving you individual ones years ago, every year the same joke about how it's to much of a fire hazard. It would have been a lot funnier if you haven't been hearing it for sixty years now.

  As a little joke you lean over and grab the nine candle. You move it behind the three and then to the shock of you, your family and later all of medical science the skin on your hands tightens up. You see your veins fading, suddenly aches that have been with you for God knows how long just vanish.

  You stand up straight for the first time in years. Later doctors would tell you've somehow aquired the body of a man in his late thirties or early forties. But you already knew that, it's time for you to dance. You spend the rest of the night partying like you haven't done since the fifties.

 The next day you wake up with a massive hangover and spend the rest of the day in bed. You look at your face in the mirror over your dresser, still young it wasn't a dream!

  The rest of that year was just as great you moved out of your daughters house, got yourself a little job, tried skydiving. You always wanted to go but you had felt you were to old before.

  Though as the year went on you began to wonder, thirty nine is great don't get you wrong. A  damn sight better than your ninety's. But it's still a little to close to middle age for your comfort,  how much more fun would you be having if you were say twenty five?

  You bought a pack of number  candles and had your daughter whip you up another cake. Humming happy birthday to your self you set up the two and the five then lit them.

  Nothing happened. Perhaps it's has to actually be your birthday then? Fair enough it's only another three months away. And then, you giggle to yourself here comes eternal youth.

 The big night finally came you sat up all night watching the clock, waiting for it to be midnight and your birthday. You had the cake, your package of candles and a Zippo. There was already a burning ninety four on the cake, for science's sake you figured you better recreate the original accident as closely as you could.

  You smiled when the clock rolled over to midnight and your hands became old and wrinkled again.

  Shaking they picked up the candles and tried to open them, you'd forgotten how hard such basic things were as an old man.

 They opened, way to go butter fingers they all fell on the cake.

  Your eyes widened in horror, as you saw that you were now. 876,532,194 years old.You rushed to grab some of them off the cake but your bones turned to the dust as you tried to move.

  You collapsed to the floor, you watched as your hand did an impression of a speeded up video of drying fruit.
 
 In the morning your daughter wondered where you had gone, and who had left such a huge pile of dirt in the kitchen, and why on Earth would anyone would want to eat a cake covered in melted wax.