I found her. There was no doubt in my mind, staring into those eyes who I was looking at. The centuries slipped away in an instant, back to that day, staring into her eyes we'd said hello, to the day we'd first said forever, and to that painful moment when we first said goodbye. At first it hard been hard, burying friends, loved ones. Children. Grandchildren. I'd watched over them, not just my own but the families of my siblings and friends, looking out for their descendants as best I could. Generation on generation, first openly visiting frequently, then around the time that great-grands became great-grandparents themselves, from further away. 
I kept tabs on them, even if I wasn't in their daily lives, watching them live, love and grow. I was the stranger that appears at the bar to hear you pour out heartache, the anonymous donation when it mattered most, or the distant relative who arrived with gifts and strange tales, delighted the children and then disappeared leaving husbands and wives wondering who's cousin that had been. 

The first century or so was hardest, returning to too many gravestones, year after year like the salmon used to return to the rivers they were born in- when there were still salmon. Over time I cut back, only visiting a few, but the most important one no stone memorial marked- I carried her ashes with me through all the long years. 

Death had said to call him when I got bored, but in truth, for a long time I didn't think I ever would. Every few decades I'd reinvent myself- change jobs, move someplace new, try a new hobby. Spent a century learning to draw. I'd never been good, even my stick figures had been terrible. But after a mere 100 years of practice... Well, I may never be a great master, but my stick figures are pretty close to perfect.

I would go back to school at least once a century, get a new degree, learn a new trade. I think the oddest thing I studied was when I would take history classes.  They say history is written by the victor- it is, and rewritten constantly. As the world changed so would the focus of history classes.  You think you know something, history is done and can’t change, and then you walk into a class, crack open a book and even that’s gone strange.  Felt like the world slid out from under my feet the first time the Greeks and Romans were treated like a footnote instead of the central core of ancient history.  

Stranger still the first time I took a class where the events of my childhood were taught by someone who hadn’t been alive to see them. Took a lot of effort not to correct the professor every few words. The first time I took the class it was a whole class- "The rise and fall of the American empire." The last time I went back to school and had a history class, it didn’t even take a whole lecture to cover US history from start to finish- but I think less than half of it was right.
 
I reinvented myself, but I never changed identity. I figured out early on with implants, DNA matching and all the electronic tracking that I’d not do well trying to live through fake identities so I came out publicly. I couldn't tell anyone how I'd done it, and so once science got done scratching its collective head, I faded into the background, yet one more minor celebrity.  I had to keep enough documentation to kill a horse, and the paperwork just got worse each century, but I didn't have to try and keep new lies and identities straight. Every so often people would remember that the woman who wouldn’t die was still knocking about, I’d get another 15 min of fame, do a few interviews and soon enough folks would move on and forget again. 

I think the strangest thing for me was how easy it was, to remember all of it. I'd had relatives talk about how after 50 or 60 years a lot of their memories were just gone- a few major events and whole swaths of years that they didn't actually remember. I kept waiting for that to happen, and around the 7th or 8th century it still hadn't, I wondered if I would go mad.  How many hundreds of years, thousands of friends and lovers can one remember before it gets to be too much? I never did go mad though, I don't think. 

But around then was also when I first started to notice it. Sometimes you'd look at someone and you'd see an old friend staring back from behind a new face. It was, maybe one of the best things in all my long life. I had avoided too many personal connections after the first few rounds of deaths but I hadn't avoided them all. That would have been too lonely. I started to see them everywhere, people I had known, people I had seen before. Friends, family, casual acquaintances. 

Reincarnation, who'd have believed it? It was easier, when I found an old friend, an old flame, to reconnect. It made it easier to let them go too, knowing I'd see them again. It was fascinating to watch people re-connect, to see them meet for the first time, over and over again.

I didn't exactly go looking for my old friends in every passing face, but I noticed patterns, seeing the same souls- that if this one appeared I’d likely find that one in proximity. But never her. Her I looked for. Actively searched for her for decades at a time, until I'd about driven myself mad with it. So I’d take a break, focus on other stuff, tell myself I’d find her eventually. I had all the time in the world, right?

Still, I looked. I worked, didn't need to but it passed the time. I'd change jobs, go back to school, travel. I had plenty of money- even a little bit becomes a lot when you leave it in a bank collecting interest long enough.
Found a lot of people, a lot of familiar souls, over and over. But no matter where I looked, what continent or colony or world. Searched all the empires that have risen and fallen in the almost 3000 years of my life. Yet I never found her. Until now.

I swallowed hard, my hand moving to the vial of ashes on the chain around my neck, a fashion so far out of time it would have been described as eccentric if anyone knew.  And I stared into her eyes, stared at a strange face with a familiar soul, and I cursed myself for a fool. 

I thought back to the week before. A message sent to a code that would have been a phone number a few millennia before, when phones were still a thing. And I held onto that vial tight, even as I reached my other hand out of the dark robes I now wore, and summoned her away from the twisted wreckage of her body inside the FTL shuttle, pointing her towards a gateway of light only we could see. 

