  "Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800's?"

The drink that was in front of Ben was drained in a flash when the question was asked. To an untrained eye, it would seem as though the contents of the glass had vanished into thin air. The only indication that it had simply vanished was the faint smell of whiskey on Ben’s breath when he turned to face the woman who had asked him that question. Said woman was sitting to his right at the bar’s counter, dressed in a suit and tie with her short hair combed in a style that only a few decades ago would be considered masculine. Ben contemplated her for a few seconds ago and then turned back to face the bar.

“Two more Jerry.”

Even though he wasn’t looking at her, Ben could practically see the grin forming on the woman’s face at his answer. Her tone of voice did nothing to dissuade him that the woman was full of glee.

“I take it that’s a yes?”

“Yeah it is.”

A small cheer came from the woman beside him and Ben snorted. As the drinks were laid out in front of the two, Ben turned to face the woman again. 

“So, what do I call you?”

The woman smiled and raised her glass towards Ben.

“Danielle is what’s on my payslips. You?”

Ben raised his glass to meet Danielle and spoke once the sound of glass making contact reached his ears. 

“Ben. Ben Lewinsky. I haven’t found something that gives me payslips yet.”  

The two drained their glasses as one and then laid them back on the bar in an almost synchronized movement. As the familiar burning sensations of spirts filled his throat, Ben considered his time in Britain during the 1800s. It had been an experience certainly. Unlike the woman next to him who, if the rumours were true, had been alive since Alexander the Great, Ben had only been alive for a few hundred years. Next to this woman he was the equivalent of a child and was unversed in the etiquette of immortals. 

However, he was almost certain of one thing. Having an Immortal who was considered “one of the most dangerous” of their kind siting next to him, drinking with him and asking whether he remembered her was probably not a good thing.