"So for exactly how long have you been having these, erm, hallucinations?" the head psychiatrist asked, entering information into a bulky computer.
"Since I was young." David remarked, staring vacantly. 
"You're well into your thirties now." she replied. "To be dealing with such psychological instability for so long must be so difficult to handle." she consoled. 
"My mother tried to talk to me while I was at her funeral, so you'd be correct in saying it hasn't exactly been easy for me." David said sternly, keeping his gaze locked on the floor.
The psychiatrist ceased her typing for a moment, and looked upon David as she let out a small sigh.  She then stood up and walked over to him, as she sat down in the chair in front of him.
"David," she began. "I'm so sorry. We as humans don't get the opportunity to choose the brains we have, and sometimes those brains are a tad.." she paused, searching for the most appropriate phrasing. "Broken." she said solemnly. "But that does not mean that our brains can't be fixed with the aid of modern medicine." 
David turned his gaze to her, then back to the floor. "I don't see how 'modern medicine' could help somebody like me." he said quietly. 
"Of course it can, David." the psychiatrist said softly. "Psychological healthcare has come a long way from just performing lobotomies." the psychiatrist smiled. 
"Ha." David let out a slight chuckle. "If only. Maybe a drill to the brain is just what I need." he said, forcing a half-smile.
The nurse smiled back. "Well, maybe if we were back some forty years, I would give you the quick Hammer treatment and get you on your way. Haha."
David laughed. "They were still doing lobotomies in the eighty's?" he asked, bewildered.
"Psh." the psychiatrist let out dismissively. "Fourty years ago as in the fifty's, dear." she said, smiling and shaking her head."
David's smile slowly fell from his face. His brow furrowed as the psychiatrist walked back to the tan bulky computer. 
"Say," David began, "What year is that computer." 
"This machine is a Windows 3.0, brand new and top of the line." she said patting the side of the big white monitor. 
David sat in his chair with his face in his hands. "Doctor." his voice muffled through his fingers as he lowered his hands onto his knees.
"Yes, David?" she replied, concernedly. 
"When did you die?" he asked.
"David..." she said with a sigh.
"When. Did. You. Die." he repeated.
"David, just because I'm dead doesn't mean I can't help-"
"Doctor!" David interrupted. "When did you die?"
She looked David in the eyes and frowned. "Yesterday... but to you...twenty seven years ago."
David sunk in his chair, eyes fixed back towards the floor, tears welling up in his eyes.
The psychiatrist opened up a drawer and pulled out a silver, loaded pistol.
"The man who killed me left this behind." she said sternly. 
David slowly looked up from the floor, bringing his gaze to her.
There was deafening silence for a few moments until David inhaled sharply. 
"Will you help me?" He plead quietly. 
The nurse then pointed the weapon to David's forehead.
"Yes." she replied.

That's how my dad died. At least, that's what he told me.
