December 15^th , 2035. Izvir X12 Invasion Fleet, Aldebaran III High Orbit.

"These scums bumbling about in their planet, knowing not of their true fate. We must bring them Enlightenment--Purification. Soon stone and fire shall rain upon their puny huts and tents and we shall revel in our conquest as their scream recorded and replayed within our Grand Library as greatest symphony of our times! The weak and tainted *mammals* shall be purified and the error which let them propagate shall be rectified! Rejoice, for we shall cleanse yet another planet from the impurities that defies the Emperor's will! Glory to Izvir! Glory to the Emperor!" The massive, five meter tall praying mantis-like commander gave speech in front of her lieutenants, who cheered before her. Large images of Earth's cities both from surface and from orbit displayed behind her, thirst of conquest ignited in her underlings' hearts.

"Purify in the name of the Emperor!"

"Navigators! Set the course of our inquisition. Nakr III *will* fall."

"Warp sphere activating!"

------
December 17^th , 2035. Izvir X12 Invasion Fleet, Low Earth Orbit.

"Earthlings!" Zkarn, the Izvir commander, broadcasted to the blue-brown planet under her fleet. "Your fate has been sealed! Your puny race shall burn under the rain of our purifying flames!" The thousand strong fleet opened fire, a deluge of lasers and kinetic kill weapons razed the planet.

At least, that's how it should've been.

------
At the same time. White House, Earth surface.

"Can we confirm the threat?"

"Extraterrestrial Threat confirmed sir, originating from Exit Singularity Y-211. Threat level Brown."

"Not this shit again. Broadcast emergency code to all nuke-capable nations. Don't want the Reds to burn us all for saving their asses. Wait for confirmation."

"Yes sir. Station, confirm enemy armament over?"

*"This is Station, enemy armament is confirmed high power laser on 250 micro wavelength, threat minimum. High powered railguns on 15 centi caliber, no atmosphere-specific mods, threat minimum. No nuclear capability or charged particle weapon confirmed. Missile pods dependent on impact damage, medium-low threat."*

"Kessler immunity rate?"

*"80%."*

"Seems like our biggest enemy is the missile, correct?"

*"Our initial assessment suggest so, sir. These missiles show grav-distortion capability. Impact yield projected three kilotons."*

"Nuclear clearance confirmed sir, we have window to launch our ASAT missiles."

*"Why won't you burrrrnnnnn!!!"* Zkarn's face was visibly angry as she interrupted the President's comm for several seconds. *"Launch the Nikarns! I want this planet **extinct!**"*

"I believe that's their grav missile authorization. Confirm their launch."

"A volley is targeted to--well, they misfired, their navigation clearly not calibrated for our planet. Don't think they'll make the same mistake twice."

"Launch the ASAT, now!"

"Confirmed! Re-purposed ASAT asset launched from primary silos. Intercepting in 2 minutes."

"Can't believe they didn't even survey the atmospheric absorption or density."

*"Additional grav missile volleys confirmed! They retraced our comms! Station, bracing for impact!"*

"Contact lost. Sensors indicate Station has been hit. Additional grav missile launch detected, think they've re-calibrated the sensors."

"Intercept them."

"Already on it, sir. Missile defense aiming to redirect these missiles. Confirmed interception and surface hit, redirection unsuccessful. Recalibrating."

*"Launch more of them! Thou shan't rest until this planet blazes in fire! Gah!"* Noise filled the President's comms, courtesy of low orbit nuclear detonation.

"They gunned our ASATs. One confirmed hit, five non-impact detonation."

"Well, launch more. Not like we have anything to lose."

*"I'm sorry to interrupt, mister President!"* a noise-filled voice and vaguely humanoid face appeared in the President's comms. *"After some consideration, we decided that this invasion is a problem not only for the White House, but for our species. Thus we have taken the liberty to launch our own experimental ASAT nuclear weapon against the invaders. We wish you are not so egoist that you will condemn us for donating generously to the effort."*

"If I remember correctly last time it was you who provoked the Astulfan and got a fair amount of orbital strike, making us clean after you. This is not donation, you dirty sock, this is paying your debt."

*"Whichever you prefer,* Exalted *one."* Faintly, one could hear a laughter behind the noise.

"Sir, confirmed fifteen nuke hit. Main bulk of hostile fleet incapacitated."

"Damn, how did they even manage to launch so many at the same time?"

------

Izvir X12 Invasion Fleet, Low Earth Orbit.

"Report!" Zkarn limped through the green-filled command chamber

"Sixteen hit, ma'am, half of our fleet are down. The impure heretics referred to the weapon as *asat* or *nuke*--"

"I don't care about what the heretics call it, I care about what on the Emperor's name is that damned weapon?!"

"O-our priests suggest it is weaponized reactor core, ma'am, attached unto rudimentary ejectors."

"Such rudimentary and primitive weapon! Hah! Analyze it. Make it better. We will fall back for now. Warp back to Injastar."

"We're...running away, ma'am?" Zkarn slammed her arms against the wall, stunning the lieutenant.

"We're *retreating*." Clacking her mandibles audibly, she continued. "And the next time, these primitive rats *will go extinct.*"