I killed my wife a year ago today.

The single hair is a tombstone amongst a field of roses. Visible not for its  beauty, but for its crumbling imperfection. The unwritten epitaph on its surface, speaks of a man who saw empires rise and fall, of nature quaking and dying, and growing again from the ashes. A man, who in all his life, knew love but once.

In truth, the single white hair is simply the result of seven months of intensive therapy. Of something I once believed could not be done. I owe my death to the swarm of doctors who treat me like not like a person, but as a disease to be cured at all costs. Not for any charitable reason, but for their name to be buried in history alongside my own. But, death is death, and that is all that matters to me.

Alice had skin as smooth as marble, when we first met. She was youth and vitality personified, two qualities I had infinite amounts of, and yet had long since forgotten I had either. Life had become a monotonous cycle, a litany of drugs and women and drink, of not forgetting what I had already done a thousand times before, but of trying desperately to not remember. For a day. For a night. For a single, solitary moment.

Alice was different. For the first time in however-many-thousand years, something was *new*. Not hidden behind a cocktail of haze inducing illicities, but truly, purely new. Her voice, her face, the way her laugh squeezed my heart. For the first time in my immorality, I too, was new. Alive.

When the first wrinkle came upon her, the first time carved groove sliced into her once flawless skin, she thought nothing of it. But I knew. The first white hair sprung a year later, and in it, I saw my own death.

Every year, every change was a pain that drove a corkscrew deeper into my heart. I needed to change with her, to age, to grow, to die.

But that was the one thing I could never do.

She was forty years old when she found that first hair. When I brought the pillow to her mouth, sobbing and hushing, and telling her how sorry I was. That I was too weak to live with what was to come. 

Her growing old.

I thought the pain would leave my soul upon her death. I know now, that pain can only leave when I do.

I will see you again, Alice. 

I swear.




