The cool wind ruffles my robes as I gaze upon the small city in which I live in, with all the peoples working and living. I could see my brother Abzu playing around the house while I could see my friend Egash being reprimanded by his father for not watching the slaves. The dark shadow of the palace shielded me from the heat.

I hear the doors of the palace open, and out comes this peculiar woman. Her silver skin shines bright in the sun, and her long locks of gold flies through the air as the wind walks into the desert. She looks at me, and begins to walk towards me.

'Hello, my name's Anna. What's yours?'

She spoke with such a peculiar way and wore such peculiar clothing. She looked to be the same age as I. Her wonderful smile brings happiness and warmth in a place where both were in great abundance, yet I could tell that this was different. 

'I'm Shamash.'

'Well, the Sun God must taken a liking my golden locks.'

'I don't know, I'm not Him.'

'But you are named after him, therefore you bear His likings and traits.'

We talked and talked about ourselves for what felt like the reign of Gilgamesh. Then she was summoned again, and as I felt the cold wind rush to my body I also felt the loss of her warmth.

....

It has been a few years ever since that faithful day. Despite my age I never aged, yet I still remember every day. The day I stopped aging, the day Abzu was stricken with disease, the day my mother passed away, the day Egash said farewell and left, the day my village was burned to the ground, I remember it all too well.

I now live somewhere in the North, on a strange city called Troy. Life here has been great and peaceful. I was grazing the fields when I spotted a ship in the Aegean Sea, and a noise from the city. I was taken inside, and was given a spear and armour. They then sent me to the front, where the foreign invaders quickly stabbed me in the abdomen. Thinking I was dead, they kept moving. I just stayed silent throughout the day until at dusk, I heard a familiar voice.

It was her again. She woke me up, and helped me up. 'There you are', she said. Yet when I blinked, she was gone. I had so many questions, and many thoughts. Were she like me, an immortal? I was still thinking when a deep voice echoes from behind. It was one of the foreign invaders. I immediately took off my armour. He told me to help build a large horse as an offering. I then wiped the blood from my hand and helped to build the horse. It was oddly hollow. After that, I went to the Aegean, sat down, and watched as the moon shines bright in the night sky. As the wind cools my body and ruffles my bloody clothes, I wanted to go away from this place that had once given me joy and duty.

I didn't make it far when the ground started to light up as if the sun is rising. I turned back to see my once beloved city burning in the distance, a warm light in the cold night.

....

A couple hundred years later, I took up arms again. The king was recently killed, and his son wanted revenge. For years I stayed in the army. I stayed with the man from the first battle until the last. I found my old village, or what would be the remains of it. I walk among the ashes and lone walls with the echoes of the past, of my family and friends, going through my mind. It's haunting.

As I gaze upon the darkness of the night, she appeared again. Those golden locks. I'm determined to know who she is, and where she is from. Yet as I neared her, she disappeared once more. As I wonder if she's real or just a figment of my distraught mind, a voice calls my name. I immediately returned to the army, and I followed the king to lands unknown, and I returned to settle in the coast in a city called Jerusalem when the man returned to Babylon.

As I started to settle, the woman came back but now she is older. 'Hello Shamash.' I wanted to ask her, but then she puts her hand over my mouth. With her blue eyes shining brightly into my soul, she moved her hand from my mouth and put it on the back of my head.

'I'll stay this time around, don't you worry. Never again shall you ponder.'

She neared my and we kissed. As our lips touch, the cold wind that moved her hair and my clothes stops, and we become warm as we unite. My heart who has slept for millennia has awaken once more, and on that warm night the stars were smiling upon us.

....

She stayed for ten years. Although I did not age, she did. Overtime, her voice became somewhat deeper, she became a lot more exhausted, and her hair starts to turn silver. One day, she was gone. I searched the house, I searched the markets, I searched the city. She wasn't there. I dropped upon my knees and wept for what felt like decades. She was gone again. Perhaps it is all pointless. I walked to the sea, with the cold wind going through my body. I walked into the sea, and I tried to kill myself.

Nothing worked. I always live again. I rose from the sea, and I returned to my empty house. When the people ask, I simply say that she died, when in truth I know what happened. I was determined to live until the end of times.

....

I was in Londinium as the local garrison commander when I received a letter from a man. The man held the religion of Christ, a man I met there three hundred or so years prior in Iudaea, or Syria Palaestina. It was a letter from the woman I used to meet and fall in love with.

'Dear Titus, or should I say Shamash,

I know that what I did was wrong. It wasn't right to just leave you so suddenly. I know what you must've felt as I've felt the same about you in these years. I've told you about who I am and where I'm from. Although I've appeared in many places in between many years, I am not the same as you. My body is beginning to age. My legs have started to weaken, my strength weakens. 

I've used what I have to stall aging, but I know that ultimately I must die. I know how much this will hurt you, but you will find someone else other than me. You know, I still remember that day in your village. When we first met. I thought that you were the smartest boy I've ever met. My 'friends' have told me not to be attached, but I'm afraid I've failed them. Even from the start I've always been attached to you.

Had you not existed, I would not even consider coming back after that. While I did sometimes come back to observe the world, I always saw you. Wherever I went, you were always there. Babylon, Macedon, Troy, Asia, and so forth. Even a hundred years ago I saw you in Rome, yet you did not see me. When you went to Gaul I saw you. When you went to the wall I saw you. I was always there, watching you. I could never get away from you.

Even now in your post I still watch over you, looking at your magnificent and captivating appearance. I also know about your attempt at suicide. Please love, do not do that. Thinking about it already hurts me let alone watching it. I want you to live your life. One day we shall meet again. You have my word.

Love, Anna.'

I wept at the letter, and I held it close. This is her handwriting, and is the first word I know of her since years. Even in my darkest and brightest moments, I still kept it. When the Romans withdrew, I kept it. When the Anglo-Saxons invaded, I kept it. When the Normans invaded, I kept it. When we were at war with France, I kept it still. When I went to the new colonies in America, I kept it. When I returned to England from Boston, I kept it. When I went to Australia, I kept it. Even now, in the year 1966, I still keep it. A letter from decades ago, reminding me of her beauty and her warmth.

....

Australia had been nice to me. Clean air, nice people. The technology was somewhat confusing, but I think I got the hang of it now. I now work as a farmer here. Decent pay and the distance from civilisation meant that I could still be able to be relatively unknown. Not a single day pass where I didn't think about her. Anna promised me that we will meet once more. I'm still waiting for that faithful day, knowing that I could live forever. I have time to waste. I just want to see her again.

The end.