I waited solemnly for my guest to arrive. He was to be my final visitor as I’ve already *hosted* every other living organism in the universe. For the smaller, less-than-intelligent lifeforms, *hosting* is merely acting as a guide from this place to the next; however, for more sentient beings, I preferred the exchange to emulate that of a formal dinner. A simple ritual devised by the pride and joy of my guest-to-be. There was beauty in dignified company, or rather being dignified in hosting company. I figure if everyone must pass through my hall, the opportunity to make the experience somewhat ceremonious is the least I can do to ease the process forward.

All it takes is one touch from me and my guests are taken beyond the outskirts of this universe, beyond the reach of worry, fear, doubt, and even myself. I know not where I send them, I only know it is my purpose to do so. And I’ve done it well.

An energy swirled about my hall that was setting the table and lighting the candles. As the smell of food filled the empty caverns of the room, I waited. Normally, my guests needed to keep a tight schedule if they wanted to dine with me, but with no one left lining up outside the door, punctuality was not a primary concern. Time was measured differently for beings like us. Still, as one of the two ethereal beings in the universe, he should have the tact to be where and when he says. I looked to the near corner of the room at what humans would understand as a giant hourglass, sand dripping slowly and methodically. However, instead of counting down the hour, it was counting down to the end of Life. He said he would be here no later than when 100 grains of sand remained, but with only 102 left, I started having my doubts.

The hourglass, or Chronoglass as I’ve named it, appeared when I did. I’ve always known what it signified, even if no one has ever told me. Another grain of sand fell and rested peacefully at the bottom of the glass. 101.

No. He would be here. And he will engage in my dining ritual with class. He accompanied many guests before him to my hall, mostly to bargain or plead on their behalf to stay a while longer. Often, I would respond, “Why? It is only delaying the inevitable.” As Death, I suppose I can never understand life or its purpose entirely. 

Yes. He knows my traditions. Three questions. Three answers. Three conversations. Then it is time to move on. I’d consider making an exception, but he would never allow it. Just like he would never be late.

As the hundred-and-first grain of sand fell, I still waited. It landed without a sound. Nothing. Then there was a soft knock on my door. When I answered, I was greeted by a man who was young and lean in body, but through his eyes I could see his age. Full of wisdom and understanding.

“May I take your coat and hat?” I asked.

“Certainly.” He responded in a soothing tone that washed over me like a cosmic wave.

We took our seats at the table, and I offered him the opportunity to start off the conversation. “Make your first question a good one. The last supper should not be marred with existential nonsense.” It seemed fitting enough. Don’t waste my time, I won’t waste yours.

With his eyes looking right through me, he asked, “How are you, son?”

I was taken aback. “How am I? Seriously? Why would you lead off with that question?” 

“You have no answers for me that I do not have for myself,” he calmly responded.

“Fine. I suppose I am doing well. I’ve been looking forward to this dinner for a long time. The completion of my absolute purpose. I will have successfully ushered all lifeforms, including Life himself, into the beyond.” I sarcastically responded. I guess I’m the existential one. 

I understood well enough why he referred to me as his son. Without the dawning of life, there would have been no beginning to death. In a way, I am his creation, and although I was not going to let semantics dictate the conversation, I would not allow him to talk down to me as a father can to his son. “The first lifeform of this universe survived only a moment. You are not nearly that much older than me to call me ‘son.’”

“Time is measured differently for beings like us. A moment is all it takes to understand that. Surely, you understand that?” his gaze never left my own.

In all honesty, I hadn’t in the entire existence of life thought of that. My purpose has been that of death. Dealing with the final stages of my father’s creations. It is my drive, consuming all my thoughts in some way or another. I then realized that my father had inadvertently asked his second question. Even if it was only a clarification, it still counted. I’d ended many encounters on such technicalities, especially when the guest was particularly irritating.

He smiled as he interrupted my thoughts, “I thought you weren’t going to let semantics dictate the conversation. Nevertheless, I did nothing inadvertently.” He waited patiently for my response. Only 50 grains of sand remained in the Chronoglass.

Not really knowing how to answer, I responded, “Time is measured differently for us. I do know that.”

Seeing my confusion, he continued, “For us, time is the acquisition of experiences. Creating an understanding of our purposes.” He motioned his hand toward me, “You. You understand death. You understand less intelligent beings need no ceremonious departure. You understand some need closure and that some will jump blindly on faith. You know life does not truly exist without death.”

He paused and looked at me sorrowfully, “But you are handicapped in knowledge and understanding. Ironically, death does not spend as much time thinking about life as life does about death. I understand death as you do. You’re purpose as a deliverer without knowing the destination leaves you devoid of the only answer life has ever wanted about death. What comes next.” He stopped for a moment. “I understand life. Life is about leading. It’s about moving forward into the unknown. It’s about greeting death, you, with open acceptance and ample preparation for what comes next.”

“What does that even mean?” I asked impatiently.

“If you don’t already know, I can’t explain it. And we do not have time enough left to discuss such matters.”

“What do you know that I don’t?” I was beginning to feel more like a child as he continued.

“Life has run its course in this universe. It can exist no more. You are death. Although death cannot get its start without life, death is forever and will always exist now that it’s here. Even after I am gone, you will endure. For all of eternity you will be alone,” his eyes began to gloss over with tears. “I brought you into this universe with no way to get you out. And in that way, I have failed you. I am your family, but I must leave you here alone.”

Again, I had never considered the thought of being alone for all of eternity. I look to the Chronoglass. Only 10 grains of sand remained. “I don’t want to be alone,” I looked back. Life was not in his seat. I quickly scan the room. Nothing. I stand up to turn around…

He was standing inches from my face. He looks at me with his eyes once more. Except now they were filled with sorrow, excitement, joy, fear, and even a hint of curiosity. “What comes next?” he asks as he lifts my hand to his face. Just like that, he was gone. No shining light, no grand exit, nothing. Just nothing.

It didn’t make any sense. How could the universe be so unfair? Giving Life the ability to understand death as much as Death himself? No. There must be something. Something I missed. I looked to the Chronoglass; two grains of sand remained. I watched as my hall melted away, the table where I sat with Life, gone. It was hopeless. I would be alone.

After the illusions had disppeared, I was left floating in an empty void, clutching the Chronoglass to my chest. Only one grain of sand remained. It was in this moment I finally understood. The Chronoglass was not counting down to the end of life. Life was already gone, yet sand remained. Just as the beginning of life existed for a moment without death, death must exist for a moment without life. “What comes next?” I ask myself. In a blind leap of faith, I raise my fist and struck the Chronoglass just as the final grain of sand fell. 

As it shattered, the sand rushed outwards with a force I’d never experienced. I saw stars, galaxies, planets, everything. Energy waning, I appeared at a planet. I smiled at the sight. I descended toward a beach as most of the planet was covered in water. The cool breeze and gentle waves surrounded me, I opened my fist revealing the last grain of sand from the Chronoglass. “A new beginning.” This was where life will begin again. I dropped the grain of sand into the water and felt myself beginning to dissipate, ready for whatever lay beyond.
	
	
