"Listen, listen," Marten protested with a wave of his hands. "Zalakian, is it? Lord of Misery, right? Great, good," he insisted as he pushed past the Prince of the Underworld and his steward, Farruk the One-armed Orc. "See on the other side of Gathrien, in the Fissure where the lot of you live, you might think you're mean and you're bad and you just take what you want. But I'll tell ya, I'll tell ya right now what I told 'em cackling kobolds and the fur-brained Wolfenkins that came before you. This is a business," he said flatly. "Not a charity for lost causes." 

"Mr. Daggish, please calm your soul," Farruk grumbled softly, hands held out to appease him. "Say nothing you'd regret in the sacred presence of the dark prince. The highest respect must be paid-"

"Nope! No and no. Only silver and gold, that's what I take. I'm an artisan first, a merchant second, but never a cocksucker, never an ass-sucking, ring-kisser. So I craft, you pay. That's the deal. You know the Champions of Nevermere Mr. King of History? The Paladins of Gathriel, or the high-elves of wherever-the-fuck that tore down your armies, Mr. Duke of Dickory? I armed them for the last ten years of that campaign, my armor kept their blood and guts on the inside, my swords severed the arteries of their enemies," Marten exclaimed with animation as he swiped his hands through the air like a knife. "T'was my craftsmanship turned the tides of that war in our favor. I did that," he emphasized, pounding his chest. "That's who you're dealing with now. And you want to make threats, you want to piss on me and tell me it's just the rain, I don't think so. No my boy," His tiny tirade ended and Marten realized his chest was heaving with fury and frustration, he was shaking, perspiring from the rage that swelled up inside him. He was absolutely hot, searing like a white-hot blade drawn from the molten fire. He would not get pushed into a corner, not ever again. He glanced back at Farruk, avoiding the Lord of Misery's fiery-red gaze, the crimson orbs that floated in the darkness of the dimly lit weapons cellar. 

Farruk was nearly trembling, wiping his head of sweat, the color drained from his earth-green face until it was nearly gray.

"You're all the same, you know that? I sold my first set of blades and plated armor to Farruk's tribesmen when I heard the village was razed, thought about his children, little baby orcs wailing for in vain, for crimes they ain't committed. I thought, well what's good in that? The justice? The Wolfenkin were getting hunted for trophy pelts, for sport and nothin' else! The kobolds captured and put to work in the stone camps, never to nuzzle in the night under a sea of stars again. Some heroes they are, these champions." Now he felt bold enough, sure enough of his course. He deigned to stare at the Lord of Misery plain in the face, meeting the deathly gaze with his own unwavering conviction. "I'm your man, Mr. Lord of Misery. You'll be winning this war with my sword in your hand, and my helm over your head. But first, what I'm owed." 

A brief eternity with the weight of a glacier seemed to pass between them, and in such a silence that not even a breath was heard. He felt his heart beating in his head, Farruk swallowing his spit in a grip of sheer nervousness. And then he heard the slow rumble, mounting into a thundering roll, and watched as the prince's shoulders rose and fell before realizing he was merely laughing. 

"Ahh yes. Farruk, you didn't tell me that this man had fire in his heart and ice in his veins. You are the right man, Marten Daggish. And so if we are to do business, tell me this. What is your price for Balrothemyr's Sword of the Stargazer?" the dark prince asked, as he drew back his cloak and revealed the pale blue skin, the wine-colored lips and shimmering white hair. "It is the blade that killed my father, and I intend to kill Balrothemyr's pathetic progeny with it." 