I was making my patrols along the western gate as was usual for the weekdays. No sign of any dead, luckily. Didn't want to have to deal with any in the afternoon sun, esp before going out on a big supply run, not that such runs are ever that dangerous for me. Just didn't want to deal with the burn annoying the hell out of me while I'm out all night.

Heard the call as soon as the sun started to set behind the treeline, bringing with it some delightful shade blanketing the settlement. I could finally step out from the awning covering the circumference of the town walls and actually head into town. Of course, the first place I headed to was the doc's place.

I walked up to the infirmary as a young woman was just leaving. Mary, I believe her name was. She one of the farmhands who deals with the crops growing outside of the walls. Brave girl, seen her crush a walker's skull clean in with a trowel once when a few dead managed to wander into the fields during the night. I peered in the door to the clinic. The Doc's place certainly wasn't spotless, but it was about as sterile as it could be, made better with the disinfectants that I've always made sure to bring back with me on my weekly supply runs.

"Hey doc, gotta go shopping soon, you got dinner yet?"

I always liked to be nonchalant about feeding. Helped me stay true to how I used to be, helped other people see me as human as I want to see myself. Never "blood", just "lunch" or "dinner" or "takeout".

"I sure do, Miss Scarlet. Please, come in. You just missed Mary there. Gave today's donation just a few minutes ago."

"That's good," I said as I entered, feeling disappointed I didn't have a chance to thank Mary for the gift. I made a mental note to do so next time I saw her. Luckily, lapses of memory weren't an issue for me anymore, so I knew I wouldn't forget. "Always glad when I don't gotta microwave it, y'know?"

The Doc nodded, pulling out a bag of pure Red from the icebox. Despite a few minutes in the cold, my senses could tell it was still very close to body temperature. As I took the bag from him, I asked "So, she draw the short straw, or-?"

"No, no, not this time Miss. She had a request for you to add to the list, something she needs that isn't on the requisition list for the week. She hoped that volunteering for the day's duties would help convince you to get it."

"Hell," I sighed. "If she wants something she can just ask. I know things are pretty tense around here still with me but I'm always happy to do a favor if it means making up for all of you opening your doors to me. What's she looking for? Drugs? It's usually drugs with private requests like that, right?"

Doc gave himself a chuckle at that "Oh no no no, nothing like that. She'd like you to retrieve an old photo album from her apartment in the city. Got some memories there she'd like to keep. Nothing too heavy."

"You and I both know heavy ain't a problem."

"Very true, regardless it'd mean a lot to her for you to retrieve it along with the requisition list. I understand you'll be heading into the city anyways for a few mechanical parts regardless, so I told Mary it wouldn't be too much trouble. I do hope that that's actually the case."

I bit down into the blood pack, sucking the liquid down my throat quickly with almost vacuum-like suction. "It ish," I muttered, jaw still firmly clamped around the plastic sack.

I stood there in silence for a minute or two while I finished off the bag. Eventually, it runs dry and I chuck it in the biohazard bin.

"Alright, Doc, I'm off. Thanks for the help."

"You don't need to thank me, Miss. You do more for this small town than anyone else. The other residents may not show it, but they appreciate what you do, and giving up a small bit of their blood once a month is a small price to pay for the safety you've brought us. Hell, some of us donated blood monthly before all this went to shit. As long as it's going to someone good who needs it, I don't think it's anything to get worked up about."

I smirked. "Maybe I'll stop getting looks at town meetings sometime soon then?"

"Maybe."

"Let's hope so. I'll catch ya tomorrow, Doc."

"As will I, Miss Scarlet."

Leaving the clinic, I turned and started walking towards the western gate. Have a big shopping list to whittle down and a favor to repay. As I walked I reminisced about my good fortune. Sure, getting bit and turned by that feral vamp all those months back was a shit show, but they were weak and starving and easy to kill despite the bite. And sure, the sunlight sensitivity was annoying to deal with, but the Rockies have a lot of tree cover. Most importantly, the dead couldn't smell me anymore. They couldn't overpower me, outrun me, or surprise me, and they sure as heck couldn't turn me, but I wouldn't have survived out here without blood to drink, not without becoming just like the feral who turned me. If it wasn't for me saving that caravan from a small horde and escorting it back to Alton, I don't think I'd have lasted much longer before the hunger took everything else. And once I showed what I could do, fight the dead without fear, walk among them without danger, make raids in the night safely without endangering the townsfolk, they welcomed me with... well, open arms would be an exaggeration, but I certainly wouldn't be physically able to enter the city if they didn't mean it when they invited me in every week at the end of a successful shopping trip.

Honestly, I could get used to this.