I was busy reading articles on my computer when all of a sudden I felt a cold object touching the back of my head. " Be quiet", hissed a man's voice behind me. By the feel of the coldness of the object, I could guess that it was a gun. I sat there frozen, saying nothing, obeying the man knowing that my life was on the line.

I could hear the man going through some fabric behind me, but I did not dare turn around. There was a pause in between, when all was quiet, and out of nowhere, I found a piece of cloth put over my mouth and nose. I could see this playing out in my head, that any second now I would faint and when I woke up I would be tied up and my maid would find me in the morning, or maybe I would wake up to the police already in the room checking over me for injuries, with the robber long gone.

Almost a minute passed with the cloth over me, and to my surprise nothing happened. I thought maybe in the movies it simply ends up happening too fast and it takes a bit of time in real life. But at that moment, I heard the robber say crap under his breath and I understood that I should have slumped down by now. I realized that he must have made a mistake, and for the first time since these unfortunate events began, I felt actual fear. What if he was desperate enough to kill me to get what he needed.

At that moment, with cold sweat breaking out upon my skin, I felt the coldness disappear from the back of my head for a moment and in the blink of an eye felt a strong hit on my head which sent me crashing to the floor. I was dazed, and my fuddled mind thought he was going to kill me. Even then, I did not dare look behind me, out of fear of how he might react. It was at this moment, that I felt a sharp object go into the flesh of my back and knew that my worst fears had come true. I was going to die tonight.

That night I was stabbed three times. each time somehow lucky enough that the knife did not manage to hit anything important. After the third strike I heard the would be burglar let out a half shouted scream, before it was cut as if somebody had blocked it out. For I do not know how long I lay quivering there, too afraid to move, with the sounds of squishing and fleshy things being torn apart behind me. In the end I felt a shadow loom over me and I dared look up, and there on the ceiling I saw the ripped apart corpse of my would be killer, being dragged in a web made by a mob of spiders. It was the scariest sight I had ever seen. A wriggling mass of thousands of legs and eyes and death. This is when I fainted.

When I woke up, I was in a hospital. The cops came to me and told me about the attempted break in at my place. They said they were not able to find the perpetrator. They asked me about what I knew, and due to the fear of being declared crazy, I decided to tell them that I fainted after being stabbed and had no idea what happened. After 2 weeks of stay I was allowed to leave.

By the time I reached home, I had convinced myself that I must have hallucinated all that I had seen. I opened the door not being sure of what I expected to find, and before me was the sight that let me know that I had not just imagined what I had seen. There in the middle of the room was the wriggling mass again, with a skeleton being carried around by them. The moment they saw me, they all raised their front legs for a moment, and then the spiders all walked out through my backyard door along with the skeleton while I looked at them go with my jaw hanging. 

I think I know why things happened the way they did. I keep thinking of all the times before that I would set spiders outside my home and whisper, " today you, tomorrow me", in the hope of getting good karma from this world. It seems that in its own way, the world answered, and the spiders understood, and they were there to greet me that day to make sure that I understood too. So now even though due to the weather the frequency of spiders entering my home has increased, I still make sure to take the safely outside, because I know that they know, and they know that I know, and I really don't want to know what happens to someone who breaks the cycle once they know.