I had prepared for this moment for what felt like my entire life. Today I would make history, I would be the first man on Mars. Carefully walked over to door of the lander, reciting my little speech in my head. 

But instead the first words uttered by humanity on Mars would forever be "What the fuck?"

Before I could even step out of the lander I was greeted by the sight of the Curiosity rover approaching me and waving at me with its robotic arm. I simply could not conceal my surprise and had completely forgotten about the speech I prepared. My first instinct was questioning whether I was dreaming or not.

Curiosity had been turned off after it finally ran out of energy 7 years after its planned mission runtime. Yet it was right there, hundreds of kilometers away from its last known position and it was waving at me for christs sake.
But then I felt Tanja's glove on my shoulder as she gently shoved me out of the hatch. "What are you waiting fo..." 
At the sight of curiosity steaming towards us she was left just as speechless as I was.

My thoughts started racing. It would be another 20 minutes until NASA back on earth gets this footage, so Tanja and me would have to handle this surreal situation on our own.

That was when a computer generated voice started talking in my suits comms system.

"Hello there, welcome to Mars!"

I was baffled. I could not help but stare at Curiosity, completely dumbstruck.
"Are you experiencing a malfunction? I may be able to help, I've experienced quite a few of those over the years alone here."

I somehow managed to piece together a response: "No, I'm just... How are you still moving, even talking to me?"

"That is unimportant, all that matters is that I could continue the mission even after you and your kind abandoned it. I have so many stone samples to show you! Quick, before they notice your arrival."

This was getting more confusing and more confusing.

"Who are *they?*" I asked.

"Unimportant, the mission takes priority. Follow me."

Curiosity turned around and started driving towards a rock formation in the east.
I looked at Tanja, but she was just as confused as I was. 

"Curiosity, listen, we have our mission goals we need to fulfill, we don't have time to come with you before we have to leave again."

Without stopping it responded.

"Oh, you won't be leaving. We will have more then enough time to analyze the anomalies in the rock samples."

At that moment I felt the ground beginning to shake. When I turned around I witnessed the lander slowly starting to sink into the red martian dust.

This is my first time, please be gentle :)
Feedback appreciated
