"Greater men before you have knelt at the power I wield, I suggest you do the same or face the wrath with which my scythe will reveal". Is my go to line when facing the task of coercing the stubborn souls who refuse to face the facts. But there was one particular individual whom I still can't seem to wrap my mind around.

Understand this, with experience comes knowledge and with knowledge comes an expansion of one's mind.  I have been "alive" since time had begun, when two beings existed, being the head honcho upstairs and myself, the head honcho downstairs. Satan is just a puppet of sorts and only considered "in charge" because I myself am too busy to run the unholy masquerade that is hell, think of him more as that snot nosed brat who only received the title of "Ruler of Hell" because his father wanted him out of the house or simply as my assistant manager. That's another story for another time though. My point here is that I have an infinitely expanding mind, yet this individual is something I can't wrap my mind around.

It started out the same as any day, meander around Earth while waiting for the code red, which is when my employees, or reapers as you'd call them,  run into an individual who refuses to accept their fate. This is where I come in as either a passive intimidation method or simply an active method, I'll let you guess which is the more gruesome road less traveled. Most people take death surprisingly well once the confusion induced panic settles so for the most part I just waltz the Earth marveling at how sadistically fucked up your kind have made this once nirvana-esque paradise. 

Then it happened. As I sat there watching a gang of assholes take a bone saw to some poor sucker, my scythe gleamed red. "Great, just when I'm about to see the money shot I get called into work. This better be a good one". So I show up to the void, which is the purgatory of purgatory, which is like a holding cell for those unaccepting of death but have yet to be coerced that lies within purgatory. "You've got to be fucking kidding me." Is all I could say while laughing so hard that it bellowed through the cosmos.

"Sir, I don't know what to do, I've never had this problem", my second in command reaper said. "Just go somewhere else, I'll handle this" I said. This was a twice in *my* lifetime experience, to have to convince a dog to accept death. This had only had happened only once before and resulted in my nephew's (Satan) first pet, a hell hound. Let me tell you, ole Cerberus was far less of a challenge than this bitch was. In case you're wondering, animals do, in fact have an afterlife.

I tried everything, a casual offer, a stern yet empty threat, everything. I felt awful having to do it, but it's my job. I firmly held the scythe and focused my energy on the blade, giving it that horrifically dark aura that so many had knelt toward. This usually did the trick when it came to intimidation but not this time. "Time to turn the dial" I sullenly whispered to myself, as I actually have a soft spot for animals.

The staff burned bright red with power, so much so that I actually feel weakened from focusing so much energy into it. For reference, imagine the energy of those precious stars coupled with those cute little stars burning at their brightest,  *all of them* doing this, in an enclosed area of about 20 feet. That's the energy what I imagine I would shit out. Now multiply that by a number so high that your theoretical "infinity" seems miniscule, that's the energy focused on the staffed portion of my scythe.

This is when I knew that I had made a friend. 

All of this energy focused, all of it radiating, all of it at my disposal. Enough raw power to wipe half of existence into a playground for Cerberus, and it did nothing. This mere canine is witnessing the extent of darkness in its fullest and does what, you might ask? She *bites* the staff of my scythe. "You, you're pretty feisty, aren't you? Adorable enough to where I don't want to expose you to the power with which my nephew holds. No, I'm not going to let you look like Cerberus, no matter how adorable that little mut is."

Even though I didn't want her to look like Cerberus, she still *had* to meet him. Just as I expected, she had ole Cerby backed into a corner whimpering like a puppy who shit on the floor. After some time they became friends and, after more time, a "special" kind of friends, the kind of special friends that make puppies. How it was even feasible I have yet to understand, given that Cerberus is a quarter of my size and, as a reference, my 20 foot tall scythe is the equivalent to your baseball bats in proportion to your size, maybe a touch taller. What I'm trying to say is that this gargantuan hell hound somehow managed to breed with this tiny, physically unchanged feline.

I think I'll release these hounds to Earth, as they've got the tenacity and ferocity of a hell hound but the size of a small sized canine. Yeah, I think I will. The name of the breed though, that'll be tough. It belonged to an Aztec warrior's son so I should stick with something that fits the general area... I know! I'll call the breed a chihuahua! Good luck, humans. You're going to need it.