It's a tragedy.  A terrible, terrible tragedy.  I'm frightened for my life.  But I must remain silent.  I can hear the sound of metal boots on the concrete sidewalk.  Dear god, I hope they can't sense me hiding in this dumpster.

A metal fist slams the dumpster.  Something that has decayed and dried up weeks ago falls on me.  It doesn't stink, but I'm still disgusted.  Mostly, though, I'm afraid.  The lid is ripped off.  The sensor laden face of the robot gazes down at me.  It can see the heat of the sweat evaporating off of me.  I wonder if it can smell me.  Probably.

I throw the bag of trash that spilled on me at it's face as I leap out of the dumpster, running down the alleyway.  I know it can hear me, so I kick some of the random debris to hopefully distract it.  If I can just get far enough away...

I need to get out of this city.  The AI that grew up here, it became frightened of us, frightened of the darkness in the human soul, frightened - terrified, like I am - for it's own existence.  It knew we had to go.

Bricks boil near my head as an intense beam of light melt them.  The shattered shards explode over my head.  I duck as the beam sweeps across where my head was.  Something moist must've stuck to the robot's sensors.  They're normally an awful lot more accurate.

My terrified run takes me onto a main thoroughfare.  This is bad.  There are camera's all over the place here.  The AI can interpolate my position even if I smashed that robot's head to bits.  A beam of light shoots out from behind me.  It delivers a cauterizing cut to my arm.  I can't feel my right hand anymore.

This is it.  I'm going to die.  I turn to look at my executioner.  It raises it's arm, the laser crystal deep inside it starting to glow as it warms up.  I'm afraid of this light.

Could we have stopped this?  Reassured a crying machine that there was still good in humanity?  How would you even do that?  How could *I* even do that?  Greater minds then mine have tried.  And every one of them in this damned city is now dead or on the run.  I was the latter, soon to be the former.

This is a tragedy.  A terrible tragedy?  Yes.  I am afraid.