So I got this call the other day, standard summoning right? I show up in this fuckin basement, barely fuckin lit, one rusty ass bulb hangin from a chain, and theres this fuckin thing lookin up at me. It's obviously a human, but fuckin tiny and its face is all fucked up, like it got some kinda fucked up genetics or something. So I'm starin at this thing, an it's starin back at me with this little crooked smile, like literally fuckin crooked on account of his fucked up face y'know? so Im thinkin to myself, 'how in the fuck did this little monster figure this summoning shit out?'. So I take a look around and on closer inspection I see this things chained up by its ankle to the wall about 3 metres away, its got a filthy plastic dog bowl to drink from, there's nothin but moldy rotten food for this kid to eat, the windows are all blacked out, the fucking washer hasn't been touched in at least as long as this fuckin thing has been alive, there's some old ass books layin around so clearly he fuckin fluked a summoning ritual on his thousandth try, and Im thinking to myself 'This sad little sack of shit is in hell already!, he aint even dead yet but he fuckin may as well be'. You know how it is, population down here gettin younger by the day, and Im lookin at this little monsters dungeon set-up hes got goin on and it's exactly the sort of shit they're doin in punitive division!down here! in actual hell! So Im gettin kinda pissed at this point, this little monster kids kinda endearin himself to me but obviously demons gotta demon right? so right as Im thinkin about who or what I can fuck up to punch the docket on this shit and head back downstairs, this fucking 2 metre stack of overworked organs, vomit and booze stuffed into the body of a fuckin 14 year old girl comes stumblin down the staircase roaring some fucking gibberish and so problem fucking solved.  


This fucking guy, he comes wobbling in, looks like something we would use in an infinite nightmare program, gut spilling out of a greasy rag of a shirt, these fucking bulges on his gut look like they are about to pop , in fact, he looked like he could have bust a seam just about anywhere , like I said, this guy looked like someone stuffed a full sized fuckin' man inside the body of a 14 year old girl, I actually fucking grimaced. He fucking stank too, soon as his foot hit the basement floor, I got blasted by the stink off this fuckin' hillbilly drunk asshole. So he starts movin towards the kid, not sayin' shit, just lookin' mean and the kid fuckin' moves behind me, like I'm the safe option in this scenario!? and I'm thinkin', Okay, this guy is clearly a suitable candidate. so I show myself to this guy, right as hes about a metre in front of me. He looks up at me, and pukes all over himself and the floor!  He's so winded, he falls to his knees with his hands in his vomit and then he starts slowly backin' up, so I look to the kid and say' This the guy that locked you up down here?' kid nods.'you wanna go fuck some stuff up?' kid nods again, so I snatch his soul and take him as a passenger, and I latch my hooks into this fuckin' human demon wannabe fucktard, who is basically just crawling through his own vomit at this point.  
So I got the both of them with me and I just fucking know this piece of shit has to have at least one fucking shotgun, or rifle or even a fucking bow in this shithole, I just know he has to. So we are walkin' through his house, I'm diggin' through this fuckwits shitshow of a mind trying to find where he keeps his weapons and monster kid lets me know that there's a weapons cache under shit stains bed. So we go up, look under the bed and sure enough, there's a large fucking weapons case under there, so large, I have to throw the fucking bed out of the way to get at it. This motherfuckers got a fucked up gremlin kid starving to death in the basement, his fucking house is falling down around him and he's a dirty fuckin' drunk, but somehow, he has the best private arsenal I've seen in years. This fucking case opens up to about 2 metres long, every square inch packed with ammo, explosives, guns, knives, a rocket launcher. This guys got an AR-15, a Famas and a beautiful, rustic, recently polished Ak-47 that was truly too much to resist. So I ask the kid, 'where does this asshole drink?'.   


We load up the weapons, and I have shitstain strap himself up with a lot of C4 and I put a couple of grenades in his pockets for safe measure. We go downstairs, get in the car and set off for this guys drinkin' spot, kids with me, and I'm invisible so nothin' out of the ordinary to the casual observer right? We get to the bar and it's at this stripmall and there's a whole bunch of people around and as we get closer I see they are having this "rally for life" in the parking lot, actual fucking christians! The numbers we get these days, I didn't think there were any of those fuckers left, so I'm thinkin', 'this shit is too perfect, I'll hit the bar first quieter than I had planned and then I'll get the faithful after".

So I send him into the bar with the AK-47, me and the kid follow, still invisible of course. We get in and the place is pretty quiet, about six or seven other sad sacks of shit  sitting in silence around the bar, with some torturous fucking shit on the radio, so I have shitstain open up on them with the AK. Only two of the fat fucks managed to make it more than a foot from their bar stools, but I just couldn't get enough of that AK so I had him reload and empty another clip into them before we headed out for the impromptu main event. I send him straight out into the crowd, covered almost head to toe in blood, and these fucking idiot christsuckers think he's there to protest with them! people are pattin him on the back, and I give out a few high fives, shitstain is absolutely losin it on the inside at this point because he fuckin knows exactly what's comin but he's walkin through this crowd like a fucking conquering hero. I walk him to the thickest part of the crowd, and I detonate that pile of shit right in the middle, must have got about 30 of 'em right off the bat, the rest were covered in blood, screamin, arms and legs everywhere, crying for their mommies and all that. So I'm thinkin 'Now that's a solid days work!' you know what I mean? and then I remember the fuckin kid. I'd snatched him up and left his body back in that fuckin dungeon. I couldn't put  him back down in that fuckin place, this kid enjoyed the events of the day more than I fuckin did, this kid was special and I needed to make sure the world had a chance to meet this kid y'know? without his fucking reprobate of a father to keep him alive, he would die in that fuckin ugly ass body in that basement without ever seein another soul. So I have this idea, I'll go to the hospital and I'll snatch a newborn and stuff the little gremlin kids soul in instead. He grows up, lives his life with a normal fuckin face, no telling what he can accomplish. Fucking perfect ending. Some demons have all the luck eh?