While walking through the Dagdan Marsh, I, Sivil Magna, once again come to a setting befitting a main protagonist such as myself, a true goddess of Arcana.

In front of me stood the infamous Dagdan legend. At 16ft tall and at least one ton, this scaly draconic looking lizard wielding rows of razor teeth, a tail the size of my entire body and claws the size of my forearm, was sure to score me proper favor with that damn voice once I have bested it. 

I begin my march toward the monster, drudging through the mud, slowly beginning to rise and step above the mucky water picking up some speed, until I am racing through the air. The demon spots me approaching, but by then it is too late, I have already mustered enough energy in my palm to throw an extraordinary arcana packed punch, which just so happens to be my favourite opening move. Combining the blinding speed of my ghost step with a large heaping of Arcana focused through my muscles and into my fist, I punch through the bastard with ease and send him flying through the trees and vines. Before he even hits the ground, I raise my hands together above my head and channel my might into one point and launch off three simultaneous blasts, one of ice one of fire and one of lightning My element blast, strikes him from above slamming him into the thick mud. Not even breaking a sweat I lower myself, somewhat dissatisfied with such a quick victory, but then I spot something flinch, right where i had blasted the damn thing, I start gathering energy for another attack when all of a sudden...

Narrator: "Our hero enters the marsh, all senses pointing to danger."

"No goddamn it! Not again, this is mine, you hear?" I yell at nothing.

Then, through my peripherals I spot rows and rows of teeth leaping out of the mud, moving almost as fast as my opening attack. Luckily my speed is much greater, I move arcana through my body and exploding from the heel of my foot, but I'm not moving as fast as I should. Son of a bitch, my boot  sunk in to the mud farther than I had noticed. I'm not moving fast enough... I change the flow of energy through my body just in time to form a barrier from my crossed arms. It blocks any damage but I am still sent flying.

Narrator: " Ah, looks like our damsel in distress needs  our heroes saving once again. So go forth young Sarkath and protect the innocent"

I retaliate with: "No, screw off, just stay over there! Your main hero guy there doesn't even have a chiseled jaw, how the hell does that work?"

"I'm right here, and I mean if you don't want help I'm fine waiting." Mutters Sarkath

Simultaneously me and the Narrator: "Shut it, it's not your decision."

The narrator then forces Sarkath, the hero with an adequate jaw, into the fray.

"No, god please, she scares me" he pants while uncontrollable running forward, sword in hand.

While shouting at the stupid "hero" I get distracted and miss an oncoming strike from the Gators tail. It crashes into the side of my ribcage potentially cracking a couple, but I managed to grab his tail in the process. I start to throw him, when the kid jumps in slicing off the lizards tail. "Are you ok?" He shouts.
"They grow back, dumbass!" I yell manickly. "Huh?" He begins to say until he is struck in the side by the new tail that has already sprung back. 

As he smashes into a tree, the lizard fly's in to finish off the poor hero. I generously step in, "As any main protagonist would do!" I shout at the voice, and summon the Fiery Rose Chains. A spell granted by my ancestors, these chains will never break and will only get tighter as a creature struggles until I slices through them. Springing from the ground and viciously wrapping around the creature's neck, my chains now have him, it's as good as dead. I  laugh at my own beautiful heroism. Mid-chuckle, Sarkath swings his blade and slices through the thick scaly neck of the Dagdan legend, and the head tumbles down and sinks into the mud.

"Once again, our hero has slain an enemy of insurmountable strength. And saved a hopeless heroin to boot." 

"Wait, what? First off, who says to boot? And secondly screw you, I did that." I say

"Our hero, sets off once again to reclaim his kingdom, in the name of his father. And will continue to climb these limits of human strength."

"Cliche bastard" I shout at the retreating "hero"

 

