"My Lady, my wife, I have thus returned in Triumph! 

Through hell and despair we slogged and fought, 

and now I hold you once again in my arms!

But why do you cry? Are you not as happy to receive me as I am to be home? 

What fate has befallen you, where you sob not with joy but sorrow?"

"My dear, my husband, my love. 

I cry for I have betrayed you with another! 

This harm to you I hold in my breast, the knowledge of not giving you love, 

respect, that such a strong provider should receive. 

This knowledge is heavy, but worse is my understanding that it was my fault I

 led another to seduce me! 

And now, it has been too many moons since I have bled, and my betrayal thus persists. 

I am with child..."

"I am betrayed! 

By my own wife! 

But I was gone for so long, and you had no word that I lived where many a brother of mine died. 

Such a betrayal is not unheard of, and our love shall persist through these trials, as it has since I took up the call to protect our country and her people!

I only ask, my beautiful, that you name this sordid villain, who knowingly lay with you, so that I might confront him, and ensure my honor as a warrior, and ours as a family, is secured."

"No, my husband! I cannot! I have betrayed you, but your life is worth more to *me* than your honor!"

"My love, I have braved combat, stood where others fell, and led my men to victory. A single man who refuses to protect his own country and the call of his Emperor is no match for me, even without my blade and shield."

"But hark, this man is. For he is not, truely, a man!"

"I... do not understand. Have you betrayed me with another woman? An animal? A slave?! Pray tell me, wife, what you have done?"

"Oh, I don't know if I can bear much more. What I thought was a simple man who I bid unto my bed, was more than that. He was a... God."

"A God?! Of the pantheon? How do you know this?"

"I did not, until he revealed to me one night that he was... none other than Zeus! God of Gods, ruler of the heavens."

"Zeus! My Paetron? I honored him day after day, prayed to him for might in battle, and gave offerings at the proper temples. And yet, he betrays me?"

"But he is a god!"

"Even a GOD has no right to damage our honor. My bride, I must depart again, and confront him, man to man, warrior to warrior. I will not use the priests to talk, I will go directly to him, to speak as equals."

"My love, you will be destroyed!"

"I will not. For I still have you, and now his spawn, to care for. I will, no matter how deep this betrayal cuts. But he will learn his place."

"Hark! How the priests would commit you to a life as a eunuch, if they heard you. Speak no more of this delusion, husband. Please, stay and care for me."

"Again, I will. Once I have met Zeus in battle, and punched him in the face. Not even the Gods themselves are free from harm, when one preys on my wife!" 


---

I apologize for the utter destruction above as I attempted to mimic the poem structure of The Odyssey, with words that fit. I have not reread that book in over a decade... Homer must be spinning in his grave. 