It was with an absent-minded air that I jerked the fridge open and grabbed the peanut butter jar. Hefting it with a grunt over my shoulder, I grabbed a laughably large knife and dumped them next to the substantial box that contained the bread. The actions were familiar now, if bothersome. 

The reinforced milk jug was a different dilemma. This required two hands and some dragging. Katie kept putting it on the third shelf, even though I had reminded her just yesterday that if she didn't want me wearing a dent into the floor I needed it on the bottom shelf. With a gasp and a wheeze I managed to park that on the table as well. Thank goodness the tables here were just as robust as the rest of everything. Back home I would have been worried for the poor fiberboard we like to use so much. 

"Hey Katie?" I called towards the door.

"Yeah?" She sounded far away. Probably playing a game in the next room over. 

"Could you make me a sandwich?"

There was an audible groan, from her and then the couch. She walked lightly for someone so strong. Strong leg muscles meant she could pad as quietly as a beetle. 

She was the same size as me, if a bit wider. Her muscles seemed normal, now, after *wow had it been already* five years. They rippled and eased around each other as she strode over to the table. 

"Aww, you already got the stuff out? Thanks!"

"Well, I mean" I fidgeted, "Even if I can't open the peanut butter at least I can pick it up?"

She grinned and popped open the jar with ease. The knife was light in her hand, but the bread was flattened under the force of her spreading. I grinned back.

"By the way, could you change the light bulb in the bathroom? They just shatter when I try to do it"

"No problem!" Such a small chore was just the sort of thing I excelled at. I spent much of my time handling things that couldn't withstand much force. In exchange for a sandwich the least I could do was change a light bulb. Besides, it might give me more spare parts to make a game controller so I could finally whup Katie's ass at Mario Monster Trucks. 