They're the light of my life. Bouncy, happy nuggets of hope, who run through the concrete corridors of the facility, laughing and playing. There are twenty of them in total. 

My children. My students.

Each of them unique in their own way. Each little face, beaming with excitement and thirst for knowledge. I always hated school. The teachers, my classmates. The only subject I excelled at was physics, and I guess that was all due to Mr. Peterson. Some people are just born to teach, I guess, and have the ability to light the spark of excitement within the minds of the most unwilling of students.

"Class dismissed." My voice cuts through the chatter. "Michael, stay after class please."

As the others pack up their projects and rush out of the dimly lit classroom, Michael crosses his arms. His thick brown hair falls in front of his eyes. He hasn't bothered to open the textbook today, but I can't be angry with him.

He is me.

As the last of his classmates file out of the room, I wave him over. "Boring subject?"

He shakes his head. "I don't see the point."

"Of learning biology?"

"Yes," he mumbles and kicks at the floor. "We read about animals and plants... things we've never seen. Things that aren't real."

"They might be one day."

"If Annie wants them to be..."

I nod. "That's right. She really loves nature, even though she's never seen it."

Michael shifts on the spot. "I don't know how she can. I don't know how John and Lisa and Frederick can."

The real answer is that I've nudged them all in the right direction from the very start. That they're the future. I've tried my best to give them a vivid imagination. Their own little oases of ideas.

"Have you thought of something you might be interested in mastering?" I say, ignoring his question. "Is there anything that you find particularly interesting?"

He stands in silence for a while, looking at his hands. "Remember the stories you used to tell us when we were little? I liked those."

I do remember. Of course, I remember. "Remind me."

He gazes up into the ceiling, his eyes filling with dreamy excitement. "Laura, who could fly over the rooftops of the cities... Don, who could lift fifty people with one hand..." He lowers his voice to a whisper. "The evil villain..."

"Oh, yes. Those stories. What is it that you find interesting about them?"

"Last philosophy class we talked about right and wrong and moral. And, I, uh, I don't remember what made the villain evil or what he did. I just remember him being evil."

I lean over the desk, my face tight. They were so young back then, and I was an inexperienced parent and teacher. I never thought anyone would remember.

"He hurt a lot of people. He was a very bad man," I say, carefully.

"What happened to him?" 

"He died." My voice is final and invites no further questions. "Try to think of a subject you'd like to focus on. A few more weeks and you'll be twelve like Annie."

Michael doesn't look particularly happy with my answer, but scampers off with his tiny fists clenched. 

I take the elevator up to my office, darkness seeping into my mind. I'd vowed to leave that all behind me. I'd sworn to never use my powers again. Make amends. Foster a group of children with the abilities to restore the world. When Annie turned eighteen she would choose the power of growing plants. John would blow the clouds away. Lisa would clean the oceans. Each of them would have a job and a calling. They would each be a god of their domain.

Reluctantly, I draw back the blinds to the only window in the fortified facility. Just like Michael, I need to be reminded. 


"They made fun of him..." I mutter as the barren landscape of dust and debris unfolds before me. Drifting smog. Ashes and craters. Slouching streetlamps like dead metallic flowers. A sky that is ever dark. "...and he showed them."

***

Thanks for reading! Check out r/Lilwa_Dexel for more of my stories. 


EDIT: Thank you for the platinum and the silver and the gold! :)
