There were more lights in the warehouse and the crowd was larger. The place seemed to have made use of the extra money they were making from the large show ups and improving the place. 
A larger banner was held high over the arena stating the rules of the fight:
Rule #1. No matter the outcome, the fights stay in between these walls
Rule #2. Tapout or KO ends the fight.
Rule #3. don't kill each other. 

A bell rang in the background and the fight was on. I paid attention to the way my opponent carried himself. His right leg in front of the other. This meant that he is left hand dominant. He was taking short strides to the left and the right with both hands covering the sides of his face. With each stride he was coming closer. Now, i can see his heart rate from the pulsations of his arteries at the neck, his flight or fight response has already kicked in. 
I notice two small depressions on the sides of his nose, probably where his glasses would sit on his nose that he isn't currently wearing. A weakness I shall exploit. 
I let my guard down to test his response, he tests my agility in return with a weak right hand blow that I easily dodged. I send a left kick to his right ribs and he blocks by pushing my leg downward as it continues its path.
That was our strategy, he blocks, I dodge. Now the fight has actually begun. He takes a step closer and proceeds to throw a deadly blow with a left swing, I dodge to the left where he now has created a blind spot for himself, without his glasses he probably won't see as a aim for his right ankle with my right foot and send him off balance. As he is falling to the ground the whole world goes into slow motion as a run in my head how i will subdue him. But he doesn't fall predictively. After losing balance and falling half-way to his right side, my opponent, rolls himself into a ball, and as I'm halfway into my move and nearly over his entire body i realize i have made a mistake, he is now rolled on to his back and has a face full of confidence as he proceeds to use both feet to strike my face. I have to cut my losses, I allow myself to lean forward right as his feet were near my torso and he strikes me on my tightly flexed abdominal muscles. sending me a few feet away. we both get up in an instant and realize we're not the typical fighter. He recovered from a fall and nearly struck a winning blow while I suffered a blunt strike to the abdomen instead of one to the face which would have ended the game. This was no ordinary match. It was a bloody game of chess, like playing against a someone who calculated each move and outcome as it the game unraveled. 

[please carry on this fight guys]