It happened as Dan was sat on the old chair in the greenhouse, lazily puffing on a cigertte. He sat, neck arched down scrolling mindlessly through social media. The occassional billows of smoke slowly carried on the draft like a balloon gradually disapeering from existance as it floated away. As the rollie burnt continued to burn a column of smoke carried right up and over his face, he turned away in discomfort, slamming his eyes contortedly shut and letting out a single cough. 

It's not that he felt anything, but when he 'transferred' he was able to feel the difference in temperature. He knew somthing had changed instantly. it was warmer and he now felt inside, It wasn't until he opened his eyes though that it hit him like a lightening bolt. 

"WAHHHHHHHH! WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT THE!"  
 
A man stood infront of him, robed in black with a red satin cord wrapped around him like a harness, he faced him squarely and was bowing his head down toward the ground. The light of the candles gave no detail to the face below the sunken hood. As his eyes danced about the confusing landscape he begin to spin, it might have been an attempt to look around. he might have imagined it, But as soon as he began to turn his knees seemed to drop and his phoned dropped to the floor, Dan shortly followed. 

"Hello",  spoke from the blackness. Dan just concious enough to notice it, realised that the blackness now was only his eyes closed and with that he was back. With a paniced struggle he raised himself on his arms. 

" Who...where am, ummm, dude are you going to hurt me?" 

He felt the base of his spine press in, almost painful as his adrenal glands kicked in. 

"Why am I here?! How did I get here!?" He  rattled off and he now aggressively tried to stand up. 

"DID YOU BRING ME HERE!?" He yelled, now striding towards this robed figure who apparently hadn't moved. He glanced left and right as if to check for more threats, noticing that he was in a pentagonal star of candles. His eyes began to widen. 

"You demon!" The hooded man now looked up. 

"Have been brought here by me to serve me!" The man threw back his hood to reveal a plump round head and large buttonous nose. 

"For else I shall send you back to that eternal hell that is your home" as he finished his sentance he gesticulated a arm movement of a bow without bending at the waist as if to the give the impression of self importance. 

"Now I'm confused as fuck, but this is not funny" exclaimed Dan as he came to stop close enough that the odor of this man was previlant. 

"Why am I here, how did you get me here? And dude this better be some kind of TV PRANK OR IM GOING TO FIGHT YOU AND PROBABLY KILL YOU!" 
as he spoke his volume and aggresion increased.

"You have been summoned by me because I wish your dark soul be brought here and better serve me" the man interupted, now smiling smugly, rasped. 

"Now don't expect me to be fooled for this sharade of a human form. Take your real form beast!" 

"What the fuck dude?!" Dan exclaimed, "Look the pranks over, I want to go home" Dan adjusted, "I don't know how you did that, and i'd really appreciate you'd drop the whole act and show me where the door is or tell me how you got me here, did you knock me out?" Stood arms outstretched in animated questioning. 

The man dropped his smile now, "you are clever foul demon, but you shall not outsmart me" 

"Well Im human, soooo if that changes anything. I'D REALLY LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED!?",

" I used a spell to summon you from Hell and I wish...", 
"But dude, I just told you i'm from the UK for fucks sake, Do I look like a demon to you?" Dan spoke as his eyes danced around the room looking for an exit. He Looking left and right without ever really taking his eyes off the man then he looked down to the mans arms. A large tome sat accross his palms barely visable in the candle light and what previously was in the shadow of the hood from any other ambient light. 

"I summoned you here, by way of this encantation" the man offered out his arms while spinning the open tome between his hands to face Dan. 

"Right... So you do magic nutjob?" Dan mustered, clearly now becoming exhausted with the sitation. 
 
"Yes, that is correct Demon! See! Read it for yourself and you will understand how you are bound here by me and at my command", as Dan slowly lowered his eyes disbelieving of any threat from the man. His eyes that were previously starring out the Tome owners face, watched the pages of the tome become bathed in direct candlelight. 

The pages where deep rutted paper that looked now very frail, the Ink was worn thin and faded in other parts. There seemed to be two paragraph to each page. But it was barely disguishable and he reached out to grab the tome on its corner. Tilting it further towards the light. 

'Rapture Demon' read the first title. But his eyes glanced over the other titles before he read the rest. 

'Sunlight' read below this paragragh.Then on the next page read
'Teleportation' which was followed by
'Time slow' 

"Ummm, which page were you reading from dude?" Dan offered, looking up to meet the man's gaze. 

"The top right spell demon! You know which spell would bind you here! All demons know this, now obey me!" he excitedly proclaimed, "this is not my first experience you foul creatures" he cried as he began to try to turn the book around his neck craning to get a better view. 

Dan's eyes glanced back to the top of the right page. 

'teleportation - self cast or cast on others remotely, range 50 miles before dangerous' the rest Dan didn't bother to read. His eyes shot accross the left page as he scanned the first sentance 'Rapture demon - tear an infernal beast from the underworld otherwise known as Hell'  

"Dude, you know how it's pretty dark in here? I think you made a mistake.....Dude you cast teleportation"

The robed mans eyes raised from the page, again to meet Dan's. "FUCK! I .. am.. so.. sorry"


First ever writing prompt, hope you like it, it was written on my phone. Probably going to delete it as soon as I get a downvote haha. Thanks if you read this far. 



