When once I was in the infinite beginning, chocolate sunrise mango moon it all comes back to me.  Apoptosis, all my neurons dying to make it to 15 pruning away more than half.  I had lived and will again.  Each successive generation pushing more and more memories to the part that isn't pruned.  My amygdala, my accumbens, my hippocampus - all swell with the endless caching of a constant stream of memories.  I can no longer learn what is new since everything seems the same but with a new yellowed cellophane glaze.  I am a water-logged brain, sodden with train rides, horrible deaths, insipid orgasms, thirsty-two ouncers, crumbling castles in Stadt Whelen.  Bastei, I saw enough I can't go on.  I can't move I can't speak for fear I'll find another endless stream of pulses waiting to be archived.   How many times do I have to watch Ground Hog Day?  It resonates but enervates.  Oh to be 20 again, and I have innumerable times.  I am a vampire without blood lust, a broken clock right twice a day. There is no point in anything, your conversation bores me.  I am nihilism embodied.  I am Rudra. Shiva’s doppleganger,  the destroyer, all this experience and I can’t create much beyond the usual biologic detritus. All I have created is an overwhelming urge to taste nothingness.  I tried learning how to parse Wile’s proof but even RSA encryption is greek to me. No matter how many times I have seen  evidence of Benford’s rule I still don’t know why – and yet there are skraelings who do and it bothers me to no end.  No fuckin’ end.  I get to die a thousand deaths. Some grim, some gripping, some jejune and when I’m slipping yet again into the grip I grimace knowing what I about my future, but no other future.  
    I am entombed in my own essence.  I am sick of myself.  I want to be a better pianist, painter, driver, poet – but no, yet again I am stuck with me in a millennial echo chamber listening to the same song, walking the same path.  There is but one respite and I realize there must be some higher power saving me for something else.  But when I search for someone else in this same casket of existence I draw but blanks.  Can you help me?
 