Being a bartender on Earth is generally speaking a rather boring job, composed of judging people and listening to pointless conversations.

Now, being a bartender on Hutton is something completely different.
You see, Hutton is a rather faraway space station built by humans in the year 2170 around Eden, a planet orbiting Proxima Centauri. It is, even today after countless refits and upgrades, a piece of junk. So much so that management even tried selling a mug.

Anyways, in Hutton Orbitals AGF (artificial gravity field) lies a small bar named "You came this far". A rather unconventional place, filled with all sorts of people from all sorts of places. All these people had in common was the trek they endured from Alpha Centauri, the only best way to reach Hutton Orbital that is also 0.22 light years away.

So i was serving up a couple of hexapedal reptilians, one of these new races we are dealing with since first contact with an ambassador for the Pan-Galactic Union, they ordered a some cow milk (these aliens get hammered on milk, for some reason) and sat at the counter.

Thanks to the universal translator i had implanted into my cerebral cortex their words sounded like English but with an Australian accent. They started talking about galactic politics.

"You heard of this new species? Y'know, the one from...uh...what was it...Dirt, yeah, dirt"
"Yeah, i haven't met any of them yet, maybe they are like the Irassians, they like to keep to themselves"
"I doubt it, they seem very vocal in the Council over at the Citadel, spreading ideals like the plague"
"I mean, to be fair, some of their ideals are good, like the one promoting scientific research in the medical field to prevent a plague like the one that killed off the Irassians, y'know, the Javorian Pox"
"I mean, that is a nice ideal, but what do they even look like?"
"I dunno, man, I've been stuck in good ol' Potato for years, making supply runs from here to Faraday Orbital to Colonia and back. You know, i pain in my rectal cavity"
