"...be starting to wake up soon..."

Leon groaned. Although no sound actually came out, which was a little surprising; it was more of a raspy breath to his ears.


He had just stepped into the cryogenic pod, relieved at the prospect of waking up cancer-free, possibly with a slight hangover. He didn't recall even the faintest whisper of a dream, but his toe still hurt from where he stubbed it climbing in. Odd, he thought. He could feel some pain, but couldn't move anything or even discern which way up he was.


He tried to open his eyes.

"...like you were right, this would've been a killer in his time."

Nope. Nothing. A brief moment of panic set is as he realised the process may have paralysed him. Wait... cold. He felt cold, on his back. He was lying down. 

Before he could try to open his eyes again, he felt a humming vibration between his ears. It wasn't painful, but definitely an odd sensation, like someone had taken his skull out and put it on a quick spin dry. 


"... should take care of it. Ameline, set a booster and uh... oh. "

Arms. Fingers. At last. He wasn't paralysed. Moving was still out of the question - he was just about managing to breathe, but that was about it. 

"He's got toxins in his blood as well. Might be a result of the cryogenic process, although I'm not sure how that would cause this ... didn't you say 21st century?"

"Mid 21st."

"Of course! Alcohol. I've read about this. Let's clear that up as well."


Leon squeezed his eyes shut, and then slowly forced them to open against the harsh light.


"Hah! Heeeellooooo old man! Howwww errr ewe? Elle oh Elle!"

The lights and shapes slowly came into focused as Leon blinked. He wasn't entirely sure what he was looking at, but it appeared to be a ghostly white, upside-down face, riddled with various black metallic rings and... something else. Human, as far as he could tell. The face slowly rotated and looked at him expectantly, smiling broadly. 

Leon tried to find his voice, managing only a croak and a whisper.

"... wha... water"

"Snards! Silly me... hydration!" The face continued rotating disconcertingly. Leon looked further and saw a thin, frail body encased in some sort of black frame, rotating along with the man's face. One of his arms reached out of view and came back with a transparent fabric pouch that looked like it contained water.

"Doesn't have any alcohol in it I'm afraid" he winked.


Another arm came into view, clad in the same metallic frame. Leon didn't get a chance to see it's owner, being distracted by an eight legged, black creature attempting to climb from it onto Leon's arm.

Leon managed a yelp and swiped at it weakly, sending it sailing into the air, legs flailing for something to grab. It was surprisingly light, but hard. 


The rotating face turned, open-mouthed and wide-eyed, as a crunching sound signalled the creatures arrival at the wall. The face turned back to him with a mix of shock and disbelief.

"Snards!" 