I remember thinking to myself, ‘I can’t believe he didn’t want paying for these. He almost seemed glad to be rid of them.’ You see, I had taken myself deep into the marshes after a disastrous dinner with my wife’s parents. From the beginning, the evening had been marked with tense undertones as Bill, my father-in-law, had chosen a delightful tavern called The Witches Foot with a single menu option; stew. Believe me, stew was an incredible compliment for the horrendous broth that offended most of my five senses. To begin with I had stormed beyond the town’s earthen walls in anger after a tremendous argument, marched into the marshes with discontent and then strolled deeper with thoughtlessness. This was when I happened upon him.

“Greetings traveller, from where do you travel” uttered the apparent hermit.

To be honest he had snuck up on me, disturbing my internal monologue, and his abhorrent face only sought to deepen my astonishment.

“From Bywater” I replied having recollected myself.

“Ah yes. Bywater. By the water. Indeed” he seemed deep in thought about something. “I say, you look like the heroic type. Very strong, proud-looking and a dash handsome if I might say so.”

I wasn’t sure how to react to the compliments. Especially from a strange man in the middle of nowhere. “Thanks, erm, you too”.

What? ‘You too’. Jesus man pull yourself together.

“Come into my home, please let me make you some salt tea.” He beckoned.

I wasn’t sure if it was the alluring offer of salt tea, the unprovoked compliments, his enchanting aroma or the fact that his ‘home’ was in fact no more than a pile of twigs that led me to accept; but accept I did.

“I like what you’ve done with the place” I said, kicking a toad from my path. We had entered into what I deduced was his entrance hall, kitchen, dining room and bathroom.

He pushed some cloudy, lukewarm beverage into my hand. I did my best not to address it.

“I have a gift for you” He started. He pulled the shiniest sword I had seen in my life from a pile of rags. I was startled and dropped my tea. “No, no please don’t be afraid! It is a gift!” He approached me, offering the sword hilt-first. I took it. I felt the power surging through my arm, into my chest. “And please, take this". He handed me a shield, again, shiny, just like the sword. Strapped to the back of the shield was an ancient book which neither of us acknowledged. It was all I could do to juggle these items. “Please sit down” he said whilst fussing over me and almost forcing me to sit on a throne of branches. He started taking off my boots and slipping on different ones. There wasn’t much I could do as I laboured with the other items he had thrust upon me. I wasn’t exactly going to stab the fellow. “There!” he said with what seemed like relief. “It has been wonderful having you here, you have been delightful company!” Next thing I knew, I was being manhandled out of his wonderful abode. "Goodbye!" he said, disappearing.

So there I stood. Confused, and considerably better off than I had been just minutes before. ‘Imagine how much these items would fetch at the market in Hilltown’ I thought to myself. ‘Elena may even forgive me for running away from dinner!’ So, I ran. I ran to find the nearest highway that lead back to Bywater. Hilltown was many miles away and was a trip for another day. The sun must've been almost beyond the horizon and a dusky mist had settled upon the marsh. By the time I found the road it was dark. Despite my new weapons, I’m not the bravest of fellows so I hastened, eager to get back to my home. That was when the bandits emerged from behind the trees. They were awfully frightful and set upon me almost immediately.

My feet began to twitch but of no volition of their own. I felt my feet being moved, forcefully, back the way I came and away from the new threat so I didn’t resist. I began to run with the greatest of ease, quicker than I had run before in my life. The bandits were hot on my trail, at least four of them that I could see. All of a sudden, my sword pulled my entire body back towards the bandits, despite my feet demanding the opposite. The blade thrust itself at the closest bandit and narrowly missed his throat. Still my feet tried to escape, leaving me unbalanced and trying to find harmony between two forces. A glint of light from another of the bandits caught my eye. My shield lifted effortlessly to deflect a throwing axe. That was when the ancient book, strapped to the back of my shield began to glow a deep, rich purple. In an instant, it exploded in a fantastic display of light and sound, causing me to fall to my backside, dazed. I sat and watched as the lights danced and swayed, twirled and fizzled in a wonderful display of colour. All of us watched in fascination. The light show ended with a climactic bang and I almost burst into applause. The criminals looked at each other, confused for a second, then advanced on me with a new determination.

My shield pulled me to my feet, covering my torso. My sword brandished itself as a fierce and threatening point. My book of magic glowed a multitude of colours. My feet twitched and shook. All I could think was one thing.

‘Never will I eat at The Witches Foot again.’