I used to be a psychiatrist; now I'm a superhero. 

It all started five years ago when Flying Fox Man came into my office, a little place in Brooklyn on a tree-lined street. 

He was suffering hallucinations from some kind of gas attack, and was desperate for my help. I remember thinking: 'Why couldn't you just be a run-of-the-mill narcissist, not a man who thinks he's a winged, bat creature.' 

Either way, that's where it all began. 

It only took 15 minutes before he was telling me his life story. How his rich father had crashed the family plane into the jungle, only for it the wreckage to get trapped in the tree line. To survive he suckled at the teat of a flying fox, whose family subsequently adopted him. It's a well publicised story. Everyone knows it. And I couldn't wait to get him out of my office. 

What I didn't know is that he now has a strange fetish. He only finds women attractive if they have large ears and a great sense of hearing. 

I could see him looking at my lobes when the hallucinogenic gas began to take hold again. Before I could react, Flying Fox Man leapt to the ceiling, took a few swings on the light fixture, fainted, and promptly fell face first onto my desk. 

He awoke convinced he'd been healed and that I had used some kind of super power on him: magic, magic hypnosis, hypnosis magic. I said I'd just gotten lucky. He asked me on a date and I said yes. 

Don't judge: He's rich, handsome and I also have a thing for ears. My ears... being tongued by a rich billionaire. 

We went to a charity ball, where I got so drunk that I accidentally threw up on a man who turned out to be his arch nemesis, The Walrus, or something stupid. As I was helping clean him up in the bathroom, he revealed that he was planning to use the sea creatures to kill half the city. Suffice to say, with the early warning, Flying Fox and I put an end to his career. FF using his fox-style karate and me project managing from my seat at the bar. 

There's more. I outed his housekeeper Winifred as a sleeper agent from a martial arts death cult after stumbling into the wrong room when drunk; saved his son from poison by accidentally knocking over his drink; and worst, agreed to become a super hero when presented with what I believed was sexy lingerie. 

But today I was truly out of my depth, standing on the moon, surrounded by the world's mightiest superheroes. Every single one was on their knees, mushed and bruised, like the bananas Flying Fox Man likes so much. I was the only one left standing—mostly because I spent most of the fight chilling in the back. 

He pushes me to the front. "You're our last hope, Good Luck Girl," he says, before collapsing on the floor, kicking up a plume of moon dust into the air. That's my superhero name, by the way. 

I immediately start to choke. Tiny particles of moon dust seep into my airways. I clench my teeth and feel them grinding on the fine, white dust, all the while Wizzaro, the greatest sorcerer in the universe, is looking over with one raised eyebrow. 

I extend a single finger upward and give him the nod. The one that means: it's all good, just give me a minute to compose myself. But I can't compose myself. In fact it's getting worse. I kick Flying Fox Man in the ribs to see if he can give me the Heimlich manoeuvre, or something. Anything. He doesn't budge. 

Wizarro is walking over now. Well, I say walking, it's more like gliding on his tip toes. 

"Choking... moon dust.... " I say, thumping my fist against my chest, but the leather corset has my boobs pushed up so high, I can't get a solid hit.

"Are you the one they call, Good Luck Girl," Wizzaro asks in what I can only presume is an accent from Space England, and thumps me on the back. 

"I've crossed the entire universe to get to you," he says. "It's been a century since I've had a good battle and all I keep hearing is your name. Good Luck Girl, this. Good Luck Girl, that. It's all the guys talk about at The Black Tower. I must say you're even more beautiful than I imagined. For some reason I feel like I could tell you anything. All my deepest, darkest secrets. I don't know, you remind me of my first wife, Saharah. Oh the times we had. We had a child, Zaheera, too. She was...."

The idiot just keeps on rambling while I'm on the verge of death. Can't he see that my face is turning purple. I'm actually going to die. I should have known going out with a guy that sleeps upside down from the ceiling was a big mistake. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck. 

Thirty seconds go by and I'm about to faint. 

So this is how it ends, listening to this fancy pants dandy while wearing a sex costume I barely felt comfortable wearing in private, let alone broadcast to the entire world. Good Luck Girl, haaaa. It's the opposite. I'm the unluckiest woman on the planet. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Wizarro interjects. "Rambling away like that. How rude. Would you like a glass of water?"

Before I knew it I was leaping upward to accept his offer. This glorious man offering me a glass of water. Only it wasn't a glass of water I received from Wizarro, but rather his nose to the back of my skull. His bone crunched like a bag of crisps (chips) under a fat kid's butt. Little globules of blood began floating slowly toward the ground. Wizarro, too, as if in a slow-motion scene from a boxing movie, first went up in the air and then back down, kicking up more moon dust as he hit the ground. 

But this time I was prepared. I grabbed the transporter from Flying Fox Man's utility belt and teleport-ed myself back to the mansion. 

Sitting in front of the TV later that evening, I see Flying Fox Man on the television, hanging upside down in his usual style. He's spouting his usual shtick: integrity, friendship, determination and most of all—luck. He winks at the screen.

I throw up in my mouth a little. 

Yep, that confirms it. I'm the unluckiest woman in town. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;