   My family has begged me to stop writing. They say it's affecting my perception of reality. I've begged them to understand; even argued that as a writer, it's my *job* to create imaginary friends and impart a modicum of the surreal to the banality of our everyday lives.

   Now I'm beginning to wonder if they're right. Last month, I crashed my car. A bright, sunny day, with no one else on the road, and here's me with my Taurus wrapped around a big old Oak. I don't make enough money with my writing to afford anything more than liability insurance, either. What happened, they ask. Was I on something? I told them I was trying to avoid a squirrel. The unanimous response was that the life of a squirrel is not worth my only possession I truly enjoyed owning. How can I argue? Certainly not out loud. I swear as the car was bearing down on that helpless rodent, he looked me straight in the eye and pled for his life. I can't tell my mother this. She thinks I already live my life with enough of my head in the clouds. Maybe she's right. The only reason I say this, is I haven't even gotten to the weirdest part of the day yet. It has caused me to question my sanity from that day, until now.

   That creature was wearing a top hat.

Just when I had started to think maybe I had fallen asleep at the wheel that day and dreamt the whole thing, I woke the next day to find a tiny walnut on my front step, made of solid gold. A little tag was attached, with a crude drawing of a man imagining an object, writing it on a piece of paper and then leaving it on the front porch. The next scene shows the object appearing on his front step. Funny, his front step looked just like the entrance to my apartment.
 
  I carried the golden walnut to my office and set it beside the computer as I sat down at my workstation to get started on the day's writing. I stared blankly at the screen for a few minutes, completely unable to focus on my work. To get the cogs turning, I decided to brew a pot of coffee, only to discover that I was out, and still no car to make a run to the store. The bus route past my apartment is slower than molasses running uphill, so unless I wanted to devote a whole day to procuring a bag of coffee grounds, that option was out, too.
 
  I sat back down at my workstation, really dreading trying to write with all the cobwebs upstairs intact, when my eyes fell on the tiny walnut again. What is there to lose? I thought. I quickly scribbled "Coffee" on a post-it and set it back outside.

   Instead of returning to the office, I stepped into the bedroom to knock out a few sets of pushups and sit ups to try and restart my creative flow this way instead of caffeine. Just when I was starting to break a good sweat, there was a soft bump on the front door.
 
  Knowing this was impossible, yet expectantly all at once, I went to the front door and looked outside. There was no one there, but at my feet was a jumble of refrigerator magnet letters spelling Cfefoe.
 
Coffee.

Laughing to myself, I picked up the letters. I felt stupid. Stupid for thinking squirrels could spell Coffee. This probably says more about my mental state than seeing posh rodents crossing the streets of suburbia, but maybe I'm just desperate for friends. The more I involve myself in my writing, the more the imaginary characters in my mind supplant my real friends. At this point even my family is growing more estranged. 
 
  Whatever. I'll take my friends where I can get them. This time, I doodles a picture of a plastic sack with a picture of a coffee bean on the front. Oh, and a ten-dollar bill. Dream big, right? I set it outside again, and returned to my computer. With my latest story in front of me, I can read the words, even comprehend the plot arcs and subtle nuances in character development. Butvwheb I put my fingers to the keys to add more, nothing comes. Not a drop of creativity seeps through the steel trap of my creative side that has been sealed shut since the car accident. All I can think about are stupid squirrels in stupid top hats crossing stupid streets and crashing stupid writers in their stupid cars.
 
  Nothing else appeared at my front door that night, or the night after. At this point, I had given up on my work in progress, with The Squirrel occupying my mind, there's no room for any development elsewhere. I decided that with writers, insanity bears it's own brand of gifts, and set to work writing a children's book about -- what else? -- a squirrel in a top hat. Towards the end of the third day, I had a few pages written about a man who befriends an injured squirrel, and the two of them explore the Big City together.

Around 8 PM, there was another soft thump at the door. I got up, and opened the front door. By now, I think I was expecting something like this because I can't say I was really that surprised. But at my feet, struggling to drag an 8oz bag of Guatemala's Finest across the stoop, was The Squirrel. I bent down and picked the bag up with one hand, and the little guy with my free hand. He did a little dance on my Palm and 
gestured to the bag. I'm not kidding: there was a ten dollar bill tied in a bow and stuck under the metal clip.
 
  I set the squirrel down on the computer desk and went into the kitchen to make a fresh pot. When it was done, I returned to the office to find him staring intently at my notes. Sometimes, to help me think, I draw little doodles in the margins of my notepad, and these the squirrel found fascinating. He kept gesturing and chattering in his little squirrel language, until I handed him a pencil stub and a few sheets of fresh paper. After a few minutes of furious scribbling, he sat down to take a breather. I think he slowed down enough to smell my coffee.
 
  There is no living creature in God's green earth that doesn't like the smell of fresh coffee, and animated little rodents with aspirations in writing are no exception. He paused at the brim of my cup, as if asking permission to taste it. It was cooling down anyway, so I decided to let him have it. He dipped a paw, sampled it, and then grinned from ear to ear. Before I could guess what happened next, the little guy whipped off his top hat, dipped it in the cup and tossed the whole thing back in one go.
 
  I would have said it was a mistake to feed a hyperactive squirrel the equivalent of a tiny pot of coffee, because neither of us got any sleep that night. But that was before the two of us wrote three stories about squirrels and their lives in the city. A child's book (the one I was halfway done with anyway), and two novella-length dramas a-la Watership Down. That was before I decided to name him Casper, my little Ghost Writer. That was before my books sold to a publisher for enough to replace my Taurus, and keep Casper in Assorted Mixed nuts by the pound. We even got advances on some more books in the Game of Nests series. My family even stopped thinking I was insane, because an authorbcan only be crazy if he's not successful.

Looking back, I think it pays to be a little crazy.