THUNK. I had just been in a car crash, er scratch that, had just died an a car crash. I got up dusted myself off and looked around; so this was death, endless sands and a black sky, a pretty dreary setting eh? 

"Yeah" came a voice from somewhere behind me. I froze, then I turned my head in horror. To no ones surprise the origin of the voice was *him*, y'know death, the Grimm Reaper, in all his bony glory. About as stereotypical as vould be with a long flowing cape and a scythe with a blade dark as night.

"Y'see thats the problem with you mortals nowadays, so caught up in the image they feed you you can't think up your own. Back in the olden days I'd appear as such a wider variety of things, before those Greeks came along and standardized everything
" said Death.

"Wha-" I start to reply.

"I suppose you don't even know why they give me a scythe, it's for your own good you know, but why they couldn't have given me somthing cooler perhaps a chainsaw, or maybe fire breath"

"Isn't the scythe to harvest the souls..."

"Now why would I use a scythe to take someones soul when I can just suck it out without some silly implement. No the scythe is for the corn." Death states in a quite matterof fact tone.

"Corn?! How the bloody hell is the scythe for corn. You dont harvest corn with a scythe, espescially not one that large." I blurt out incredulously.

"Not to harvest corn, but to slay it. Corn is a mysterious thing, each kernel has a soul, when eaten each soul goes here, in which they wait here growing and becoming stronger for the sole purpose of exacting revenge on their consumer." He replies, staring me down from his roost.

"C-Corn?" I stammer, trying to think how much I had eaten in life.

"Yes, Corn! Why do you humans not catch on that corn is bad, I mean I named the God of Anger after it, and a metal band. I digress, we must move in hopes only some realise your demise." He says as he beckons me next to him. I comply, walking shakily forward up the small hill overlooking a sandy plain for miles, with a small light at the end.

A burning line streaks down in front of us, as if a meteor landed only a few steps away. This meteor, however was yellow, and the size of a minivan, with millions of mouths all over gibbering in some incomprehensible language.

"Only one?" death laughs, "You only ever ate one kernel?". He effortlessly slashes at the menacing figure, and upon contact it explodes into juice. Only then does he notice my bleak expression as I point to the sky. Above us, what was once a black sky was completely red due to the sheer amount of Kernels entering the atmosphere. His jaw dropped, literally. 

"How much corn did you eat?" he asked, with his jaw still on the ground. As I looked at the pure armageddon falling from above. 

"A lot" I said as I was promptly crushed by a fallling kernel.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So that was my first reply, hope it wasn't absplutely horrible.