Tapping, always the light ass tapping. At first it was kinda interesting, guys showing up, asking questions and leaving. I figured it was some wierd survey or one of those pew polls. Now they show up more and more often. 2... 3 times a day. What do they ask? Dumb shit I'm supposed to have an answer for like "How do we streamline global shipping?" "What do you think about the space program?" 

I remember that last one. I was tired, it was 3am and I says "I dunno why don't you ask Elon Musk or something. But I was browsing linkdn and I read this article where Elon Room was talking about his latest role as head of a Global Space initiative. I thought that was a pretty genius idea, but I had my doubts. When they came again and asked me what I would do about economic disparity, i told them have children educated in foreign countries by default. See I figured no one would think of that, and that maybe...maybe if I'm right, it would prove I'm not being paranoid as all hell. 

My little sister is going to India for a class exchange. She thanked me when I told her congratulations...but she had years tears in her eyes that seemed a bit off... My dad got me a BMW. See I figured I lived in a very polite, well to do community. But I got to thinking ya know... 

That time the neighbors neighbor's dog bit me... was i being paranoid or did I really hear that gunshot...and the crying. He was still polite to me, but he never looked me in the eyes, and after a bout of depression... I think he killed himself. They don't answer my questions, they just ask them. They don't need permission to come into our house. I think these guys are some sort of wierd cult. What if they sacrifice guys to some demon shit after drilling him about the world and doing what he says? What if I'm some sort of Oracle? I dont know... 

Mom says I'm depressed. I noticed the knives aren't where I expect them to be. Not gone, but i check the drawer by the sink and they'll be where the pots and pans are. I check there again, now they're in the pantry. The bridges along my pokemon route always have people battling the new gyms that popped up... on every bridge. I want to see another therapist, but the question they ask don't make sense. "Do you think the rising sea levels are attributing to global warming? Is that why your depressed?" What does that even mean?