I honestly don't know how some of these guys do it. I mean, I have suspicions, but...I'm single, not many friends, not many hobbies, so that's how *I* stay on top of it. These other guys, though - how can you write meaningful, well-thought-out, *error-free* reports when you've got all this other shit to take care of during the day and then you're with your family or at the bars or playing pickup basketball or whatever in the evenings? 

So of course I'm one of the only officers still in the building when the calls start coming in. Parents of five different kids from Crystal Lake High School all calling within five minutes of each other. They come down, I take their statements - knowing that this means I'm not gonna be caught up on paperwork until after midnight - and say we'll see what we can do. 

That was nearly the beginning of the end for me in the department, actually. I met with the Chief - this is a guy with 30+ years on the force, the guy who managed to arrest Lyle "Balloon Man" Craven ten years back during that series of oddly-staged killings. Zeke in Forensics told me at lunch one day how fucking eerie it was to be working a scene with various body parts suspended in mid-air all around you. Look, bottom line, Chief is not some policy guy who has never done anything in the field. He's seen some shit. And yet...

First thing he tells me when I let him know about the calls was that it was probably a coincidence, that the teens were all up at Makeout Point and the parents were just over-reacting. I nearly put a hole in my tongue from biting it so hard. I'm not *that* young but kids don't go to Makeout Point these days any more than they go down to the soda stand to split a milkshake before the frickin' sock hop. 

But instead of talking about that, I show him the video - forwarded to my cell from the cell of one of the parents, although they all said they got a copy. I watch Chief's face as he watches the screen, doing my level best not to conjure up the visuals that accompany the whirring of power tools that doesn't quite overpower the mixture of sobbing and screaming coming from the speaker.

It ends, and he looks at me, and he says - hand to God - he says, "Probably one of those prank videos."

I'm not sure what face I must be making, but whatever it is, it makes him feel like he needs to elaborate. "You know, like the kids are making these days with the SnapTweets and whatnot."

First off, no way in hell *any* of those teenagers have the resources to stage that. A multi-million dollar budget, and access to a Hollywood studio, and maybe I could see it being fake. But the other thing is...like, I've talked to plenty of kids that age before. They're garbage at lying. They can be *dramatic*, sure, but not...the biggest guy in the group, the one who's left for last...when he's begging for it to stop, and starts calling for his God-damned *mother*...there is a desperation there, a dropping of any pretense that he's not just a little child in a man's body. No way he does that as part of a prank. 

And let's be real - if they *were* doing something like that, the last people they would show it to would be their fucking *parents*. 

I try explaining it to the guys, and one of them says, "Lighten up, man, it's obviously a joke. I did stuff just like that when I was their age." 

And I ask him to name one thing that he did that is anywhere remotely in the same ballpark as what the kids did, and he hits me with taking all the chairs out of the cafeteria and putting them on the roof. And I want to ask him in what we he thinks that is just like the two-minute and thirty-seven second visceral nightmare that is the cell phone clip but I realize, as I look around the room and see all the nodding heads, that it's no use.

So I'm driving up to Orphan's Haunt Road so I can investigate what actually happened. Everyone else thought it would be a waste of time. But I know better. And I am well aware of how stupid it would be to go alone, which is why I called in an anonymous tip a minute ago that I had seen a black guy who looked like he was on drugs wandering around the Craven family's old abandoned cabin. Because logically, if the video's legit, then the murder must have sent it out. And if he did that, he probably did it expecting the police to come. 

I mean, I feel a little bad about using them as cannon fodder like this...but it's funny, because as I'm thinking about it, I don't think I could tell you their names or anything. It's like they're just those background characters who are just there to sell how dangerous a situation really is without doing any harm to the main character, and their one line is "This is ridiculous, there's nothing up heEEARARRGGHGHH" or whatever.

Meanwhile, I'm going to be some distance away, with the doors locked, the engine running, and multiple escape routes available to me. Just because I'm surrounded by amateurs doesn't mean I have to act like one.