She lays there, so delicate, so frail. He looks at her with a calmness and love.
"It's almost time. I can feel it." she says, fighting for every word. "I love you.. So much"

"I love you too, honey. More than anyone I've ever known"

"heh, how could you still love me so much when I look like this?" She had been a beautiful young woman, but now time has taken its toll. She lays on a bed hooked up to machines for monitoring her vitals.

"You'll always be beautiful to me cutie. No matter what"

"Easy for you to say. You look just like the day we met. Well except for the gray you've dyed in there. Will you dye it back when I'm gone?"

"I don't know yet. Probably? I'm amazed it never naturally turned with everything we've been through."

"It was quite the adventure. With our curses I feel like it was meant to be. I still remember when we first met. The sadness in your eyes. No matter how hard I tried I couldn't help but fall in love with you." She started to tear up. "I tried so hard... I didn't want to hurt you.. To hurt someone else.." 

"Shhhh. It's okay."

"NO it's not!" she coughed. "The damn curse made me put you through hell. What if.. What if I had found a way?"

"Then I would have died happy."

"Did you use me to see if I could?"

"No, I was always intrigued by the thought, but I truly love you."

"Good, you better have." She reaches out for his hand. "If you didn't I'll haunt your ass."

"I know." he chuckles. "You've made me feel alive for the first time in ages. I.. I've been in this position so many times, but I never felt like this." He squeezes her hand tighter. "For once I don't know what I'm going to do."

"I bet you say that to all your dying wives. You'll find a way. You always d..."

The machines started screeching and flashing. The doctor came in and verified the time of death. The man she loved died that same moment because he knew he could never join her. The last words he would ever speak aloud were

"You did it" 

He then spent eternity sitting by her grave. Waiting for his chance to join her. 

