The wooden knitting needles scraped together with that familiar dry hollow sound. Sarah's hands worked with a certain fervor seen in only the most experienced hand-knitters. This was truly the thing she enjoyed most: those quiet moments alone, spent making articles of clothing for the homeless. Today she was making beanies. Winter was coming soon - it was already October. She was beside herself with joy over how much these were going to help the homeless.

\*clack\* \*clack\* \*clack\* The  soft grating sound filled the room. Everything else was silent. She occupied her mind with all the possibilities. How many could she make by week's end? \*clack\* \*clack\* She gasped. Her finger ached with a dull throb. These were her favorite knitting needles. They were so old and worn that it was no surprise that she accidentally gave herself a splinter. She looked down at the pastel blue beanie-in-the-making and gasped. Smeared all across the fibers was a dense, black, tar-like substance. She held her breath, and slowly turned her finger.

The black blood slowly oozed out of her skin where she had been cut. At first, she just stared in silence. There was no way that it was *her* blood, right? Last time she checked, hers only had the faintest hint of grey - only detectable through advanced colorimetric machinery - caused by a petty squabble between her and her sister when she was a child. What could she have done in the past few hours that was so awful her blood would turn this quickly?

She pulled out her identification card. Like everyone else, her card had a small drop of her blood sealed beneath a plastic film. It was meant to be scanned and used to determine how many awful things a person has done. Her mouth gaped in horror at her card. The sealed blood capsule was impossible to see though. Even at a mere 2mm thick, it was like a blank void that shouted to the world that she had done something truly awful. She threw the card down and pulled up her sleeves to get a good look at her veils.

What was once clear now traced inky black lines throughout her body. It was undeniable. She had done something truly awful to deserve this. But yet she had no idea what she had done. What could she have done to deserve this? At once, her phone rang. She hesitated to answer it, but picked it up nonetheless.

"H- Hello?" She whispered the words into the phone, suddenly feeling much of her life crashing down on her.

"Sarah, it's me, Jessica." It was her sister. She breathed a small sigh of relief before she her thoughts were interrupted by a small sob on the other end of the line. "Something happened to mom. I need you to listen carefully."

Sarah froze with the phone up to her ear. "What happened to her?" The words came spilling out. She had forgotten about her blood, she was so caught up in fear. "Is she okay?"

"No Sarah!" Her voice was broken and shaking. "She's dead!" Jessica's ragged breathing spilled into the phone, drowning out Sarah's already-racing thoughts.

Sarah's mind centralized on the fact of her mother's passing. Why wasn't she there for her? Jessica's voice cut in. "You weren't fucking there for her!" She was shrieking at this point. "You realize that she asked for you in her final moments? All she wanted to do was see you, but you made your choice, didn't you? All you ever wanted to do was make those fucking hats when the person that really needed you was right over here!" The words rang true in Sarah's ears. How many years had it been? How many missed calls before she learned to just put her mother's number on silent?

She thought she was doing the right thing by making those hats. But she never made the time for the people that cared about her. Never. All she cared about was her image and what people thought of her. Those hats were her way of saying that she was a good person. It was never about the homeless. It was *never* about her mother. It had always been about herself. Her blood was black and thick. It reminded her of her callous self. She felt wretched and now that she was gone, there was nothing Sarah could do to remedy this.

"I'm sorry," was all she could bring herself to say before she hung up on her sister. She picked up the knitting needles and continued to work on the beanie, ignoring the blackened tar-like blood staining the fabric. After a few minutes, she managed to close out all feeling and returned to what she loved most - more than herself, her mother, and the homeless themselves.

Check out my page and follow if you like! /r/BooksOfCricket