I have low self esteem. But that never stopped me from aiming high and daydreaming about Chad in my Ancient Literature class. 

I always tried to sit near him. He never noticed me but at least I could eavesdrop on their conversation. Him and his friend would always talk about their nights out partying. I tried going to parties before, but I always felt so ignored and invisible. Seeing all the other girls getting attention from boys made me so mad, or sometimes just really sad. Those girls even got more attention from other girls. Even if I went out with my friends, it wouldn't be long before I would slowly get pushed out of the conversation. Eventually I would always leave the group and just look at everyone else having fun without me at a distance.

But something like that would never happen to Chad. He would always be talking to someone, and everyone always wanted his company. Even in class everyone would always laugh at his jokes. Sometimes I felt bad though. He would sometimes make a joke that implied a character in the story was lame, or that the story itself was boring or dumb. Everyone would laugh, even the teacher, and I would join in, but I always felt bad about doing it. I always loved stories. It doesn't matter who you are, even if you are too scared to go on an adventure or too lame for an exciting love life you can still get amazing feelings from a great story.  Chad doesn't need stories for excitement though, he makes his own fun. 

One day while I was doing homework I noticed a note by the closet. My closet would always make funny noises but when I would open it, nothing strange would be inside. So I would usually ignore my closet if anything weird happened around it. But this time, I decided to check. Maybe it was just cause I wanted to procrastinate my homework a little bit. When I checked the note it said "I really like you, will you go on a date with me?" I was basically 100% sure it as some kind of prank. I wrote underneath the question "No way". Even if it was real, anyone who wasn't Chad just wasn't worth it. It was the safer option anyway in case it really was a cruel prank. Then I realized the note really made no sense. Where was I supposed to leave it? How would the person who wrote it ever see my response? This was my third year so I didn't have a roommate. I decided to just drop the note where I found it. Some people in college are just really stupid and immature I thought.

When I woke up the next day, I checked the note again. It had a reply on it. Honestly, I was a bit scared that someone managed to sneak into my room at night. The note had a new line that said "Why not?" and for some reason the stupidity of the question annoyed me so much that I forgot I was scared and I decided to write another reply "I don't even know who you are. Of course I wouldn't want to meet up with someone I don't know at all!" I put the note back down and ran to class. On my way I thought maybe it was a resident assistant (RA), a student who also kind of babysits people living in the dorm in exchange for free rent. This made me feel a lot less creeped out, since all the RA guys I've seen were kinda cute. When I came back from class I looked at the note again. It said "I show myself then. Don't be scared please." The "don't be scared" part destroyed my fantasies of this being a hot RA boy. If his looks were anything like his handwriting, this was a really ugly guy. A part of me got really sad, my self esteem took a hit. Is this the only kind of guy that will ever like me? 

Just then I heard a knock. At first I thought it was my room door, but it turned out it was coming from the closet. I stood there confused until I heard the knock again. I got nervous and swallowed hard. After a few moments I grabbed a glass bottle on my desk and dialed 911 on my phone without calling it and opened the door. Inside was a tiny guy, I was a tiny girl so he was still about my height but super skinny. His posture was awful so I had to look down to see him, and he didn't really look human. He looked like Gollum from LOTR and wore scraps of cloth. "M-... M-... My... My name is Charlie." It, or he I guess, stuck out his hand. I shook his hand with minimal contact because it was so ugly, kind of just grabbed his fingers which were way longer than a human's should be. I had no idea what to say. "Y-, yo, your name is Irene?" he said after an awkward silence. His voice sounded like a cross between barney the dinosaur and a high-pitched retard. Gross. I think because of my facial expression he shrunk away from me. This gave me the confidence to say "Do you fucking live in my closet?" and he replied "Y- Yes... I, Charlie, I can hide in the shadows" he suddenly got sucked in by the dark back of my closet and disappeared. Only to pop out and reappear a few moments later. "What the fuck..." I said under my breadth. After some awkward silence I said "I have to do some homework..." I left the closet door open from then on that weirdo thing stayed in the shadow. But I still wondered if I was being watched and decided to leave and study in the library instead. I asked my RA for a key and decided to lock my closet door at night. 

But I still couldn't sleep. It was just too creepy. So I yelled "Charlie, come out." I heard a knock at my closet door and heard some mumbling about how he couldn't open the door. I sighed and unlocked the closet. "Charlie, make me a sandwish" I said. He seemed to cheer up a bit and said "Y- Yes!" and enthusiastically made me a sandwish with a smile on his face. He knew just how I liked it too, I guess there are benefits to having a stalker. After forcing him to make me a sandwish I felt much safer. I told him "you better not even look at me while I'm sleeping". And he seemed a little proud as he said "I would never do that!" I closed the closet door 95% of the way leaving it just slightly ajar. I was really tired and fell right asleep. 

He did all sorts of chores like laundry, dishes, cooking. Somehow having a weird monster as a slave boosted my self esteem. I decided to try my hand at makeup again. I always felt weird putting it on. My friends really weren't very helpful in giving me feedback. It felt like they were just patronizing me if they ever complimented me. Eventually I mustered up the courage to go to a party. A party I knew Chad would be at. I took a risk and drank more than I usually do. Chad still didn't notice me but I decided I was gonna make a move myself. I poured myself a huge drink and walked over to him and said "Hey, you're in my class right?" and he replied "Huh? What class?" he seemed a little drunk. "Ancient Literature"  I said. "Oh right..." he replied there was an awkward pause until I said "Hey I don't think I can finish this drink, you want some?" he smiled and said sure, and drank it pretty fast. He kept mentioning "damn its pretty strong" but kept drinking it anyway. He got really damn drunk and started finally talking to me. He talked about some movies he saw, some stories about when he was high, his favorite sports teams. I just nodded along and pretended what he said was interesting. I caught a few of his friends looking at us with a "wtf?" face but they ultimately left us alone. It was getting late and he tried to stumble his way toward his friends. I grabbed him and said "Are you okay? You should just stay over my place its right across the street". "Woah that's close..." he mumbled. I lied, my place was 3 blocks away. He complained and said something like "Are we close yet?" half way but I think he was too drunk to remember how close I told him it was. I got him inside and sat him on the bed. I got him some water, but also a beer. He drank both and eventually our eyes met and I started to make out with him. One thing led to another. I completely forgot Charlie might be watching. When I woke up Chad was gone. 

I walked to class with a smile on my face. I noticed Chad with his friend and walked up behind him. I was too nervous to say hi and instead eavesdropped. "Yo you know that girl you were with at that party is in this class right?" his friend said. "What girl?" Chad replied. "Damn dude how drunk were you?" said the friend. "Ohhhh wait now I remember. Damn I wish I didn't. When I woke up the next day I was like holy shit this girl is ugly. Man I hope she doesn't try to talk to me in class." and his friend laughed a little and said "Haha, I was wondering why you were talking to her man. We all were. I'm sure she'll get the hint if she tries to talk to you. What's she gonna do haha". Chad chuckled with his friend. I distanced myself from them and made sure to arrive a bit after they did. I pretended like nothing happened. 

When I got to my room I started to cry. Charlie slowly peaked out of the closet. "W- What happen?" he murmured. I just started to cry even more and told him exactly what happened. "I... Is... Is okay! Charlie love you!" he said trying to console me. But it just made me feel even worse, I didn't even want something as gross as Charlie to know my name. I told him I wanted to be alone and he disappeared.

The next day during classes I found out there was a murder on campus. It was Chad. Chad had been stabbed 26 times in his room. The security cameras didn't catch anyone. When I got to my room I shut the door, started crying again and screamed "YOU KILLED CHAD!" Charlie popped out and I noticed how sharp the tips of his fingers were. "He... he mean to you!" retorted Charlie. And I yelled "I RATHER GET BEAT UP BY CHAD THAN EVEN LOOK AT YOU!" I found out whatever Charlie was could cry like a human as tears started pouring out of his eyes. He ran out and grabbed a knife from the kitchen and held it to his own throat. I said "Do it, you fucking disgusting, retarded, piece of shit. But don't get my room dirty". He disappeared and I never saw him again. 

For more stories: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/sharpWriting/