"It hurts. It hurts so damn much. Make it stop, make it stop!"

"He's been like that for three weeks now," she went to light her fag, "it just doesn't stop."

"You can't smoke in here, you know?" I said, still peering through the one-sided mirror, seeing the man curled in the corner, trembling in fear, his ramblings endless.

She scoffed, putting the smoke between her fingers and bringing it down, the lighter back into her pocket.

"So what do you think, partner? Chalk it up as another ghost Pokémon encounter gone wrong?"

"I don't know," I furred my brow, "there's something about this case that doesn't add up."

"What do you mean?"

I pull out a small notebook from my back pocket, licking my fingertips and flipping open the cover, revealing pages of chicken scratch. Penmanship was never my specialty. No, that wasn't my calling. Solving mysteries on the other hand . . . 

"Look here," I lean toward her slightly, giving her access to my monstrosity of notes, "Nurse Joy said the screaming began in the day when he was completely awake in conscious. In my years of experience, anything of this caliber happens at night. Perhaps victim of a Dream Eater or Nightmare ability, but in the middle of the day in a crowded, well-lit room? Unheard of."

"There is always a first time for everything, partner."

I sighed, "Yeah, I suppose. But something just feels off."

I closed my book, placing it back into my pocket as we turned around and headed for the exit door. In that moment, there was an ominous feeling that washed over me like the burning winds of Snowpoint City. Slowly, I looked over my shoulder, freezing in terror and confusion at the sight before us. 

Charles, the patient, was there, still bound by his straightjacket, suspended in the sky by an unknown force. His eyes burned bright blue as he stared straight into our souls. Hundreds, no, thousands of strange voices began speaking simultaneously in my head. Cries, prayers, screams and celebration alike flooded my mind like a terrible migraine refusing to bear any weakness. I fell to my knees, as did Jenny, both of us gripping at our skulls in agony. Struggling to fight the pain, I looked up as Charles began to slam his head violently into the glass, over and over, screaming again.

"MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP! SAVE ME! PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!!!"

I gritted my teeth in agony, my eyes tearing up as Charles finally stopped and looked at me. Not us. Me. Straight into my eyes as blood and glass stain his face, flowing down and coating his jacket in red. The phrase he said to me then would forever be burned into my memory as he fell to the ground, lifeless. 

The pain finally subsided, almost as if nothing was there at all. I looked over to Jenny, hoping she was okay. What happened next caught me off guard, my body freezing in terror.

"He's been like that for three weeks now," she lifted the lighter from her pocket, preparing to light her fag, "it just doesn't stop."

Sweat dripped from my forehead as I turned to look back at Charles, who was curled in a ball in the corner, mumbling. 

"Really? Nothing? I thought you took pleasure in calling me out on smoking in hospitals," she chuckled as she lit her smoke, taking a long drag, "You okay, partner?"

My eyes, wide with fear, couldn't divert from Charles as he slowly turned his head toward us. No, not us. Me. Smiling, the most devious smile I had ever seen.

"Jack?" she asked, a worrisome look on her face.

I could only remember one thing. One phrase. One terrifying phrase that I pulled from the nightmare. One terrifying phrase that has haunted me since that day and will forever torment my soul as long as I draw breath.

.
.
.

"Darkrai is coming." 
