"He's right in here, sir."

The Chief Inspector's boots made a solid thunk with every step.  Even under the black hood, the captive could tell he was facing a very large man.

"P... Please, sir, I swear, it's just me job..."

The Inspector patted the man's shoulder a few times, then rested his palm on it.  Without warning, he pinched hard over the collarbone, causing the captive to spasm in pain.

"Yeah, I get that.  Being a spy's a job.  Being an enemy agent is a job.  I hope it pays well."

"No, no, no!  Please!  I don't do nothing like that!  I just work for one of the tabloids!  They're only paying me a few hundred!"  His black hood was starting to soak through.  Whether it was tears, sweat, or something else, it was hard to tell.

"Which one?"

"The Daily Examiner!  Please!  I'm a loyal citizen, I wouldn't do anything to..."

The Inspector slammed the captive's head into the table, shutting him up instantly.  "Except leak national secrets and endangering the heir to the throne.  Just a minor case of high treason, that's all.  Looks like spies come cheap these days, especially the stupid ones."  He grabbed him by the collar and started dragging him across the room.  The captive struggled merely to breathe, giving little resistance against being transported himself.

"Is the book ready?"  The inspector shouted at somebody as he dragged the captive down the hall.

"Got it right here, boss.  New names are Henrietta Willoughby and Gabrielle Weber."

The captive felt a book - *his* notebook - slide into his boot, where he usually kept it hidden.

"Congratulations, boy.  You did it.  You managed to find out the crown prince's fated two names.  And you're going to report a successful job to your boss."

They were moving.  He couldn't see, but he knew exactly where they were headed.

"Unfortunately, as you can imagine, this... breach of privacy can't go unpunished.  And it's not just you, of course.  Your employers need to learn a harsh lesson.  Spilling secrets that can endanger the royal family... well, that's not something that just gets waved off with a slap on the wrist.

He felt a large vest being strapped to him.  A big, heavy vest with lots of metallic canisters around it, and wires all over the place.

"We're here."

The hood never came off.  But something was pressed into his hands.  The inspector grabbed the captive's thumb and forced it to press a switch.  He heard a distinct click.

"You understand what this is, right?  You let go, things go boom.  You better walk inside and hope your grip doesn't weaken... maybe have someone call the police to help you!  Ha ha ha!"

He was shoved into a door as he heard tires squealing.  A glass door with a long, vertical handle.  He knew this door.  He kept a strong grip in his right hand as he tried to remove the hood with his left.  No good.  It was locked tight around his neck.

Maybe his boss would help tape the switch down before his shaky hands lost their grip.

He walked inside.

And he heard a scream.  "Who are you?  Get away!  Get away!  HEEELP!  A TERRORIST!"  Plenty of other screams started filling the air.

Katie's scream.  The receptionist.  Not her... why her?  They only just discovered they were soul mates recently.  He couldn't let their time be cut short like this.  "No, Katie!  It's me!  You have to help!"  The thick cloth covering his face, soaked in sweat, blood, and tears, made his voice unrecognizable.

A loud bang pierced through the noise.  Glass shattered.  Pain filled his chest, and a burning warmth started to soak down the vest that was strapped on.  He collapsed to his knees.  He couldn't speak.  He couldn't breathe.  In his shock, all his strength disappeared.

Click.


-------------

*"In the aftermath of the terrorist bombing of the Daily Examiner's head offices, it seems that the target of assassination was a journalist who had acquired the names of the young Prince Reginald's fated pair.  Thankfully, his notes managed to survive the explosion, and we will not let his efforts or memory go to waste.  The names are Henrietta..."*