"Hello again folks! Whether you're tuning in from home or are among today's lucky audience, I would like to welcome you all to this week's episode of *Beyond the Veil!*"

I really hadn't expected to be performing live when I received the invitation. Seeing so many eyes on me was nerve wracking. But I hadn't known what to expect at all, really. This whole psychic thing was pretty new to me, and the letter I was now nervously thumbing in my pocket was sparse on details.

"I see lots of familiar faces here today. Wonderful, wonderful! Won't you all join me in extending a special welcome to our talented guests?"

As eager clapping and enthusiastic calls of "Welcome!" filled my ears, I dared to glance around the room. I briefly met the eyes of the woman seated next to me and we shared a nervous smile, while the man sitting to my left seemed confidently fixated on our charismatic host. I could feel the pounding of my chest lessen--I'll admit, I *did* feel rather welcome here. I expected skepticism, but the crowd seemed more encouraging than judgmental. I released the breath I hadn't even realized I had been holding in.

"Now, I know you're here for answers," the host turned to face us,  
"and those of us at *Beyond the Veil* are here to help you find them."

"So Sarah, why don't you start by telling us why you're here today?"

"Well, um..." she nervously stood and took the microphone.
   
"My mom is a big fan of this show, you know?"  

An older woman in the audience gave her a proud little wave. Sarah blushed.  

"I wouldn't consider myself special or anything. I was never really into the supernatural, but my mom is. Always had these oils and charms and stuff. Big fan of your show, like I said. She taught me how to read a tarot deck and stuff like that. I didn't really take it seriously until college, and even then it was more for fun than anything, but it was weird how accurate my predictions were. I'm still not sure how much I believe it myself, but she introduced me to one of her friends who works here and they said I had potential. Shortly later I got a letter saying they wanted me on the show and um, who wouldn't want to learn how to develop powers like those? If they're real, I mean."

"Thank you Sarah! I think you'll find you're more special than you think! And you, Andrew?" 

After Sarah's timid introduction, it was my turn to speak.

"I can't say my parents were as supportive as Sarah's. When I told them I was hearing voices, they thought I was crazy. None of the doctors could find anything wrong though, and none of the medications they gave me ever worked. When I started seeing people that no one else could, I started to believe I was crazy too. I tried to just ignore it, but I was watching TV one day and one of my hallucinations started yelling, "That's me! That's me!" and it was this news story about this CEO who'd killed himself. The guy got so upset, wouldn't shut up about it. Told me he was murdered, his business partner poisoned him. Kept insisting I call the police. I finally called in an anonymous tip, and sure enough, they found traces of poison in his partner's apartment along with some pretty suspicious business transactions and google searches. He was arrested after that. Still in jail, I think. Anyways, I started doing some research and found out about your show. I didn't expect a reply to my letter," I reached into my pocket and held up the folded invitation, "but I got one, and now here I am."

"That's great Andrew, thanks for sharing your story! Now our next guest is..."

"Connor Ellingham." 

The host could barely finish his sentence before the mic was grabbed from his hands.

"You may know me from my own series, *The Power of Paranormal*. I'm sure many of you are fans, yes?"

A few members of the crowd shrugged. He coughed, apparently not receiving the recognition he deserved. 

"Well I'm here today to clear my name. After that *hack* Ramsey humiliated me on my own show, ratings tanked and my series was cancelled. I don't know what magicks he used to block my psychic powers, but I'll expose him for the cheater he is. Normally I wouldn't bother to associate myself with such an unknown organization, but I'm not about to pass up the opportunity to set the record straight. After today, no one will be able to deny my abilities!"

The host let out a soft grunt as the microphone was thrust back into his chest.

"We aren't lacking for confidence here, are we Mr. Ellingham?" He laughed, drawing a few snickers from the audience. "Well today is your lucky day, everyone can't wait to see what you're truly capable of!"

A robed assistant stood from the audience and made his way to the center of the room, bearing a jeweled knife that he ceremoniously passed to the smiling host before taking a small bow and stepping aside.

"Beautiful, isn't it?"

The host proudly held the blade for all to see. 

"This lovely artifact will be our object of attunement today. Let's see what our guests can divine of its storied history! Who would like to go first?"

To little surprise, Connor rose immediately, making hurried strides towards the weapon before I even had the chance to fully take everything in. I felt a chill creep up my spine and caught the uneasy glance Sarah shot her mother, who gave her a reassuring smile. The rest of the audience seemed untroubled, excited even, as they waited for the first prediction. Surrounded by grins, I almost missed the intense stare of a young man I hadn't noticed before, who glared at the knife, then the host, before fixating his attention directly on me.

"--of a mighty warrior, who--"

The ringing in my ears was loud enough to drown out Connor's confident prognitions and the laughter that followed. Ages seemed to pass.

"--and such an active imagination! Now Sarah--"

The boy stood up.

"--um...a sacred ritual?--"

He stepped towards me.

"--unleashing powerful magicks--"

The distance closed between us.

"--Andrew? I said are you ready?--"

An icy hand gripped my shoulder and memories flooded my mind. 

An unholy ritual. A manic cult. An innocent sacrifice. And a sorrowful voice, whispering,

*"That's him, that's the one who killed me."*

I snapped out of my trance as the warm hand of the show's host grasped my shoulder where ice still lingered.

"I...I have to go"

I stood to leave but my legs refused to move.

"No, but stay, please! Tell us what you saw, Andrew! Folks, I think we have the real deal right here!"

The sights and sounds of reality creeped back into my awareness. Looking around, I realized the crowd was no longer seated but surrounding us, smiles so broad they threatened to shatter. Sarah's mother was whispering something into her ear, and Connor's eyes were wide in terror as several members struggled to hold him down. 

"But you killed him...you killed him..."

"Will that be a problem, Andrew? I'd hate to waste a gift like yours!"

"You can't...you murdered some kid...I can't..."

Disappointment crossed his face, but only for a moment.

"A shame, then. It's not *all* about talent, you know! Power comes with practice, but only if you're willing to take the first step!"

Screams echoed through the room as the cultists descended on the disgraced "psychic" with worn knives of their own. I was still paralyzed with shock, unable to move even as I became aware of the many powerful hands binding my arms and legs to the chair beneath me.

The beaming host extended the jeweled blade towards the last remaining contestant.

"Sarah, would you do the honors?"

———

I stared unbelieving at the bloodbath below. A ghostly figure beside me whimpered in a once proud tone, "What was that? What just happened?"

The question was met with a chorus of voices as a multitude of apparitions joined us.

"It was them. They're the ones who killed us."