"Whiskey. The bottle."

The horse asks, sliding himself up onto a stool. His tux has seen better days, the tie apparently lost some way along his journey here, the top of his shirt open exposing his chest. Was one of them missing? If it were, it'd match his cufflinks, also absent from his dishevelled ensemble. I slide over a bottle, middle of the range, and he passes over a fifty.

"Keep the change."

"That's very kind, thank you."

I go back to working the glass washer, taking out the humid cleans and beginning to pile in the stack of dirties our bar-back passes over before the Horse walked in. He's opened the bottle, and pours himself a few a measures over a double before screwing the lid back on raising his glass for a long, bitter drink.

"Can't believe I used to live here." He says, an open invitation to start a conversation. His tip means I respond as earnestly as possible.

"Oh yeah? The apartments upstairs?"

"Yeah. Long time ago now." He takes another drink.

I let that hang for a while, wondering if he was the monologuing kind, until the silence nears on rude.

"What made you leave?"

He chuckles.

"Believe it or not, a band. We use to play gigs here right up until we got our first tour and then... Never needed to come back."

"You look like the front man type."

His head turns sharp toward me and cocks.

"Should be careful about saying that. Front men can be all kinds of terrible."

"Ah." My hands raise in apology. "No offense intented."

"None taken. You're right, though, I was. The front man and all kinds of terrible."

The end of sentence is addressed mostly into his glass in a spiteful mutter as he goes for another gulp. He raises it high, tapping it for every last drop, and pours another.

"But it all started here. Me, the seal, elephant, the octopus - damn good drummer he is... was, I guess now."

"Sorry to hear that."

His mouth is full, so he waved his hand at me. 'No apologies necessary'.

"We weren't that close. I went solo a few years back, creative differences is what the media called it. Real reason? I liked my coke more than I liked my band."

He's laughing - and so am I, but neither of us found that funny. I'm sure.

"So what made you come back here?"

"I don't know. Relive the glory days, go back to where it started, before I became such a raging asshole. Hey, you ever been on a plane?"

"What like, a passenger?"

"Yeah sure just, taken a flight - anywhere, over seas, domestic it doesn't matter."

"Yeah. Tonnes of times."

"Any of 'em ever crashed?"

I linger at the washer for a second, and glance back up at him to see if I can figure out just how that was meant to come across. He's looking right at me, interested.

"...no, none."

"Of course not. Planes are safer than cars, y'know, statistically."

He tells me that whilst watching his pour. This ones a few measures more over a double, and I wander what the purpose in him even having the glass is.

"You're more likely to die in a car than a plane, more likely by a long shot. You know what the numbers are?"

"No."

He slumps.

"Me neither. But they're low, right? So keep that in mind. Now what do you think the chances are that three people you know would all be killed in a plane crash?"


For the first time I notice he has tears behind his eyes, lingering there, none managing to break free. 

"I don't... I don't know how to answer that."

"Sure you do, come on you're a bartender."

"I serve drinks, I'm not a therapist."

A booming laugh comes out as he throws his head back, and he wiped the tears from his eyes as if it was that that had caused them.

"Y'know the guy who tended on my private jet - when I could afford one of those, he said to me serving the right drinks is only half the job."

"What was the other half?"

"Oh, come on now!" His glass juts toward me as the hand clutching it goes to point, he's smiling again. "Asking the right questions!"

"Okay." I'm getting close to my tether with the Horse and cast an eye over his bottle, half empty. He's a quick drinker, sure, but from behind the bar he doesn't seem quick enough. "What're the right questions?"

"Well, you've already missed them."

He sounds smug, *irritatingly smug*, and I can't back down.

"Enlighten me."

This was the right answer, he swivels on his seat to turn his whole body toward me, imposing with how large he is, and leans in close.

"Well a horse walks into your bar in a tuxedo he's been wearing for two days, he's had five hours sleep in those forty eight hours, and lost his cufflinks in the cab ride over here - a cab that, recognising the horse from an anniversary cover of NME, charged him double. The only friends he ever had are lying in a morgue somewhere in Paris and the bartender didn't even recognise him when there's a poster of him on the fucking wall."

I follow his eyes, that have foregone the tears in favour of a piercing, unblinking intensity. 'The Animals', a large poster hanging above the bar for an rock band I've never paid much attention to. The horse on the poster is younger, healthier, playing behind a microphone with an elephant to his left, a seal to his right, and an octopus on the drums.

"Now, you tell me. What d'you ask that horse?"

"Why the long face." I say dumbfounded, as he gets up from his chair carrying the bottle with him.

"You're welcome for the tip."

He's out the door before the sound of the jukebox fades back in, and I'm taken back to reality.