Creditor Bxby choked on the taste of midnight alarms. He'd been immersed in a rather expensive dream--a full-bodied fantasy that hit all the right taste buds--but a sudden sense of panic turned his stomach three times over. He shot up in bed. Beside him, the bedside curtains waved lazily under the moonlight. Only, instead of the soft blue of Bxby's installed blue moon, they were tinged with a smokey orange. Bxyby's entire body sighed. *Not this again*. 

First Beneficiary Psly stumbled into the dark chamber smacking the sleep from his lips. "Father," he said. "What tastes so burned?" 

Creditor Bxby ambled over and placed a fat tentacle on the poor lad's shoulder. The boy was his inheritor, but he still had so much to learn. How to explain the finer flavors of frugality? Sometimes, in order to preserve the family vault, one must trudge through the lower depths of the palate. "It's just the humans," Bxby consoled. "Likely set off another proximity trigger."

Psly screwed up his lips in distaste. 

In the distance, the humans whooped and hollered. This was the third time in as many faux moons the wretches had tested the boundaries of his planetary retreat. His colleague, Creditor Wrtlz, had assured him that while the humans were a relatively unknown breed, their planet only recently enslaved, they made for excellent colonizers. "An industrious breed," Wrtlz had said with a wry smile. "In fact, they're erecting another retreat for yours truly. On the very fringes of our good galaxy."

The oversweet tinge of Wrtlz's false tone had not been lost on Bxby. But still, the Creditor had had a point. The drone feed of their work was most impressive. Humans with slave collars toiled ceaselessly to raise atmosphere arrays and luxury dens. "And what's more," Wrtlz had said. "The market's still adjusting. So their price is most delectable."

Beside him, Bxby's third wife had swooned. "*All* the most influential oligarchs have resorts on the fringes," she'd said. Her pheromones released, sending a taste trickling down his throat so chocolately it sent shivers down his spine. *Yes,* Bxby had thought. *Perhaps it was time for a bit of expenditure.* 

"Father?" Psly said, eyeing the orange blossoming outside the window. "May I ask something that's been pickling the back of my tongue?"

Bxby slithered over to the window ledge. It had been another proximity probe indeed. At the boundaries of Bxby's atmosphere field, the humans had lit an array on fire. Bxby watched from his high tower as a detachment of slavedrivers zoomed towards the flames that ate up his precious oxygen. Already slavedriver laser blasts could be seen flashing brilliant green like the fireflies from Bxby's homeworld. Soon enough, the wretches would be put in their place, but not before damage had been done. The flames would likely upset the atmospheric balance for days, leaving a bitter taste clouding everything. Wretched little rabblerousers. 

Bxby cursed Creditor Wrtlz under his breath. The slimeball likely doctored those drone feeds, all those months ago. He'd meant to drive Bxby into ruin. Deep down, he always knew a fellow Creditor could never be trusted.

"Father?" said Psly once more. 

"What?" said Bxby, half distracted. "Oh, of course, my son. What is it you're wondering?"

"If the humans are new, ought we not have studied them first? Seen how it was they'd come to thrive? Why is it we've roped them into our palate so soon?"

*Oh child,* Bxby thought. *You are so young*

 He wanted to say "Because the bank vaults of oligarchs climb high only through calculated risk. 

Or, even, "Because you have a mother with the taste buds of a Greelah"

But instead he wrapped his son in his tentacles, peering into the innocent lad's face, saying, "Some things require an adult's tongue."

The little Psly smiled up at his father. Creditor Bxby smiled. The First Beneficiary was a smart brood. Perhaps on the morrow he would take him through the construction pits to show him the humans' frailty firsthand. 

Sudden worry lines oozed slime from Psly's face. "How many humans have you purchased?"

Another explosion interrupted Bxby's reply. Black mixed with red and orange. This time at a separate array on the opposite end of the compound. Another dispatch of slavedrivers slithered towards the commotion. Bxby couldn't help but notice this unit seemed less staffed than the earlier. And they were smacking their lips with fear. 

Psly shivered in his arms. "F-father...?"

"Five hundred," Bxby said, mind whirling. "But...their breed is weak. Wrtlz has all but assured me...easily enslaved...He..he even said they all suffer from synesthesia!"

A scream echoed throughout Bxby's freshly purchased high tower. Then it was cut suddenly short. 

Bxby's third wife. 

His eyes went wide with fear.

"Calculated risk..." Bxby muttered. "A thrifty expenditure...nothing more..."

Psly shuddered beneath Bxby's tentacles. "H-how do you kno--"

The pair's eyes met. 

The halls beyond the bedroom had gone quiet, save for one menacing noise. Not the slithering sounds of Bxby's houseguard. But footsteps. 

Pounding sounded at the chamber door. 

The sound reverberated straight through to Bxby's bones. 

"Father..." Psly cried. 

"Shh now, son," Bxby said. "I taste it too."

Earthy and strong. 

A taste like nothing he'd ever experienced before. 

-------

r/M0Zark

