**Render Unto Caesar: An Economist's Guide to Destroying an Empire**

As Cicero stepped aboard the *Visigoth*, about to embark upon what would be to him a ten-year-voyage amongst the stars, he considered one simple fact:

An empire built upon the wealth of others produces very few economists.

If the Empire had collapsed at some point during its 4000-year-reign, perhaps its slaves would have been freed, and the rich would have needed to find other places to invest their capital than the bodies of the poor.

Perhaps other states might have merged. Some bureaucrat, jealous of the wealth plundered by his military counterparts, might have convinced his sovereign to trade with rather than conquer his enemies.

Perhaps in a universe without an all-powerful Caesar unto whom all the property of the state belonged - handled, of course, by the *publicani* - the common people might have looked for ways to grow what little they had. 

Instead, the Empire became a sanctuary for politicians, philosophers, and generals rather than businessmen, entrepreneurs, and financiers.

This was Cicero’s opportunity. He had emerged from the belly of Rome as one of Caesar's right-hand advisors. Few knew that as a child, Cicero had learned the cruelty of empire first-hand as a slave and shipbuilder for the Roman navy. A gifted mathematician, Cicero had been resold as an engineer and a tutor, each time increasing in value.

*****

After a decade of service at the Emperor’s side - an Emperor he had once raised - Cicero had but one request.

“Caesar, I wish to fly one of the vessels I spent my childhood building, but I admit one problem.

While only a few years may pass for me, by the time I return, your son may rule in your stead.”

The Emperor understood. He granted Cicero his fastest vessel. He even held his tongue, out of respect for his former advisor, as Cicero courted bad luck by refusing to rename the ship after the philosophers of old.

Then Cicero traveled to the Forum and asked the *publicani* to draft up a contract. He would store his remaining possessions with the state. In fact, he would allow the *publicani* to spend and invest what little wealth he had to his name. The empire simply promised to return to him what he was owed after his voyage and a small percentage more for every year the contract was in effect.

Cicero warned the publicani to invest the money wisely.

Cicero returned to the Emperor and showed him his contract. The Emperor laughed for Cicero had very little to offer the empire, but Cicero’s loyalty to the state impressed him further, so the Emperor wrote the contract into law.

Cicero then boarded the Visigoth. For ten years, he traveled amongst the stars, close to the speed of light.

By the time Cicero returned, the men of the forum had nearly forgotten about the deal he had made with the Empire. Still, Cicero asked the lawmakers to examine the books, and as promised, the contract was there.

“Now, render to me what is mine.”

And the new Emperor met with Cicero to explain that the contract was void. For in the hundreds of years that had passed on Rome, what had started out as a few denarii had become nearly as large as the entire imperial treasury. Cicero argued that what he had been promised had been quite simple, barely a single percentage more than had been in his account the year before. Certainly, that was the least he was owed for his decades of service to the Empire.

And Cicero was executed thus.

But in the hundreds of years that had passed, other *publicani* had heard of Cicero’s contract and had made similar deals with the state. So had the Empire’s politicians, philosophers, and generals. Soon, others would return from the stars demanding what they were owed.

Cicero had known this.

It wouldn’t be long before the courts, armies, and every other segment of Roman society had to side with the Emperor or those who had a rightful claim to a share of the Empire’s wealth: a list that grew from a handful of families to nearly every citizen of the Empire. As the empire descended into civil war and then anarchy, a maxim emerged:

An Empire cannot last that is built upon the wealth of others.