He sat at the entrance of an alley where moviegoers were bound to pass by. The Friday routine. The Friday loot and leftovers. From popcorn to hot dogs, from candies to spare change, you name it. The spot generated a lot of traffic every weekend.  A newly released Marvel Film was sure to generate above the norm, and today is the premier of Civil War. 

Who could turn away good entertainment? The theater had something for everyone, and he liked the odds due to the lack of competition. There, he took advantage of men impressing their date through compassion and wealth in order to fulfill the desire to be above the woman. He was there for the opportunity to alleviate the burden of over-consumption. He became the way for parents to be an example when faced by someone needy. A reason for Christians to practice what they've preached. All of this triggered by their guilt. The calling to do what is right.

He leaned against the wall as his sign did the same against him. Beside him was an empty can of Campbell's from last night's dinner. The sign was new as he had very little luck the past few days with the old one. The people wanted honesty, so he had to lie.

"'Need money for booze,' hah!" said a passerby, reading the beggar's sign. The man reached into his pocket then looked over to his date and dropped a five dollar bill. "I like this guy's honesty!" 

"I hope she says, 'yes!'" yelled the beggar as the couple walked away to line up for tickets. It was five times more than he had gotten from last night. This was expected. 

Another passerby went to him and dropped a box of leftover Chinese food then gave a forced smile and walked away not saying a word.

Nothing was necessary, but everyday was a routine. To beg for food, money and everything a man needs to survive. Such desperation was not his reality.

The first time he had really woken up was over two-thousand years ago. He heard Martha's despair in his dreams for what seemed like an eternity. A light spoke and the word opened his eyes. He's been awake ever since.

The choice wasn't his to make. The word called to him and he was given life. He felt indebted to his sister, Martha, for her belief. But Martha owed the word. He saw this during a feast where Martha served the Savior, pouring nard on his feet and rubbing it with her hair, submitting to her master for he gave what no one else could. 

In this feast, the Savior revealed what was a must. It was in this feast, where crowds gathered calling for the death of the awakened.

A little girl had come up to him, possibly ordered by her parents to give money, a lesson in giving. Or perhaps, she just wandered away from her parents as a child looking for adventure would. "What are those bandages for?" asked the little girl, pointing to the linen wrapped around his head and arms. 

"Oh these? Well, I've been trying to go back to sleep for a very long time. I miss my wife and kids as well as my mother and sisters. I want to dream about them."

"Why don't you just close your eyes?"

"I would but it's too bright."

"It's not bright. You're lying."

"Kayla! Come here!" a woman signaled to the little girl, and the little girl was quick to run towards her. It was probably her mother, worried about her talking to a dirty old bum.

For two-thousand years, all had left him. It wasn't always that way. The feast was a memory he treasured, for it was the last he was with those he loved dearly. But he was afraid. He had experienced nothingness and couldn't suppress the guilt that others might also because of him. 

He feared for his life as the crowd shouted in rage, ready to pick up stones or burn him with their torch. He had to leave. Somewhere far, where no one knew who or what he is so what was a must might not occur and so that his sister's plea was not wasted. Having given his life back, he still chose to run.

For a generation over populated with zombies in entertainment, how would they react if they knew there was one among them? If it was only contagious, he would've created heaven by now. If it was contagious his family would be with him.

He had tried to close his eyes and walk his own path after he was shown the light. He chose to runaway when the evidence was his life which he had already lost once. But no matter what he did to suppress his faith, he still believed for he breathes when he shouldn't. He has cursed god too many times, but death kept rejecting his proposals.

As people began leaving and the employees in the theater began closing up, he noticed he raked in more paper than coins upon counting his spoils. This was a given and it was by no means a miracle. He placed the foods given to him that night on his shopping cart and pushed it towards the McDonald's across the street.

Behind the counter was the Manager waiting for him as he does every Friday night before closing.

"Eliasar, my friend! What can I get you tonight?" said the Manager.

"One-hundred cheeseburgers, Brad." 

"Alright, coming right up. Just sit for now, this is gonna take awhile." 

After about an hour, Brad came back with his order. 

"I'm--"

"Before you say it like you always do every Friday, it's my pleasure. You know it's interesting, I've known you for 20 years and it doesn't seem like you've aged one bit. You gotta tell me your secret."

"You gotta visit the tents. We all miss you. The kids miss their big brother."

"There's two wine bottles in there. Give my regards to the guys."

"Will do."

Under the bridge was a village of tents and sleeping bags arranged in a circle around a flaming drum. Eliasar rang the bell attached to the handle of his cart. The kids came out of their tents first, rushing and competing with each other to get food. Eliasar gave them three of the bags and let them divide amongst themselves. He then visited each tent and gave the village elders 2 cheeseburgers each. He gave them one of the wine bottles to drink amongst themselves and took the other for himself. He wanted to get away for a while to drink by himself.

"I know." A voice called. Eliasar turned around to see James, a village elder. "I know you don't age. You also don't get sick, you don't get hungry, and you do not thirst. How is it so? You're a damn miracle, Eliasar."

"Really I'm not. When you've lived over two-thousand years it just becomes normal. "