  

As I glanced around the living room, I quietly swore to myself as I heard the voice of my mother come into the room. It's been about three years since I last saw her, and the previous meeting didn't end on the best of terms. Although I was attempting to put that aside since my brother begged me to go to his Welcome back party. He recently returned from Kuwait after a three-year deployment, and was finally home permanently. I watched as John, my brother and my mom hugged. They greeted each other, and acted like a normal family, as I lifted the cherry soda, mixed with rum to my lips and watched them, before I saw the wave my brother gave me.   


"Are you going to hide from everyone? Or are you going to socialize?" He stated in that playful tone, The same playful tone that wasn't exactly playful. 

  
I would return a smile, glancing towards the woman who I called my mother. She was aged, and not the type of age that came natural. You could almost couldn't tell what was natural age, and drug induced aging. I noticed when she was talking to my brother that she was missing teeth on the left side of her mouth. Her skin seemed dried out, almost tired looking, and those blue eyes that I use to remember shining seemed dull as well. It was odd as I remembered her before the drugs took over her life. Although the comparing didn't last long, as the conversation changed topic and my mother started talking about how she was planning on starting a new job, and how happy she was in life. 

  
"Good! You seem like you're doing better." John cheered happily. "And I heard you got cleaned while I was gone. I'm proud!" 

  
That caused a look of confusion to wash over my face as I stared at him, and raised a brow to my mother. "You got clean?" 

  
"Yes!" It was simple, point, and no real way to argue with it, so why bother?

  
A few hours went by, and I was sitting on the porch, smoking a cigarette and my mother came outside as she lit up her own. 

  
"So, hows life been treating you?" She asked. "You haven't called." 

  
"It's been good, Still working at the school, and the kiddo has done amazing at school." For the moment, I forgot about the history of my mother, or who she was. 

  
"Oh yeah? That's really good. She seems really smart, must have gotten that from her Me-maw." She laughed. "Where is she anyways?" 

  
"With her dad, we didn't want to overwhelm her with everyone around, so we did something earlier with John, took him out for lunch, and they spent some time together." 

  
"Oh? Speaking of lunch, I just realized that I lost my debt card. You wouldn't happen to have any money on you that I can borrow?" 

  
I shook my head towards her, "No." It was simple, point, and blunt, just like when she said yes, to being clean. I watched her put out her cigarette, as she didn't say another word and walked into the house.  I stood there in anger, as I tried to control my rage. I wanted to rush into the house and let everyone know what my mom just asked me, and point out she's lying. I wanted to scream at my brother, tell him that the reason we no longer spoke was because she picked drugs OVER her granddaughter, not me, not him, her grandchild. The pills, coke, and whatever else was what she loved, not the blonde, blue-eyed little girl that she 'claimed' to be proud of.  While I faced my inner rage, I forgot about the little trait of mine as my fingers tapped against the wooden railing. \*tap\*, \*tap\*, \*Tap\*, \*tap\*, and gone, everything was at first black around me, before it started to clear up. I was standing in front of train station, as I looked around, and then around.   
(Continue) 

&#x200B;