They say there are seven deadly sins. That's a bunch of bullshit. It's just propaganda. The lies they feed us to keep us all in a nice neat well-behaved huddled mass. Leave it to the Christians to believe the new blood everyone is born with is a test from their God. Maybe it is, I don't know. I've never believed in that hocus pocus bullshit. But something happened, maybe it was a God who did it. Its worldwide now with no cure in the pipeline so it's doubtful it was a government. No terrorists ever took credit. Maybe a mad scientist somewhere thought it would make the world a better place. It didn't.
Some of those seven deadly sins don't even register in the blood yet other little offenses do. It seems to depend on the person. Studies haven't been able to find much consistency person to person. One thing has been agreed on though, once you go black you never go back. 
I know I know, it's stupid. An old punchline people started using again but for whatever dumb reason it stuck. You get the idea though, bad deeds darken and thicken your blood bit good deeds don't reverse it. So much for the karma theory.
Whether it was God or a mad scientist who did it they clearly underestimated the human condition. It didn't make things better, it didn't really make things worse either just inconvenient. Like I mentioned before good deeds don't reverse the bad blood. But new blood does. 
Those who can afford it, and need it, get blood transfusions as often as required. Which of course means those who need the money and have sufficient purity get paid for our blood. Blood banks are now privately owned and more plentiful than Starbucks. People who are wealthy enough even have their own private donors. They are called bloodboys, this is where I come in.  Bloodboys are usually housed, fed and paid a handsome sum to be drawn on once a week or so. The sponsor dumps a pint of his blood and injects the bloodboys' in hopes of slowly purifying his own body in theory. In reality it's more of an attempt to stabilize the current level off corruption. 
I've always had grade A pure blood. It isn't because of my desperation to remain such or some phony religious devotion. It's just how I was raised. My dad always taught me to be good to other people, always be friendly and courteous. Its simply the human thing to do. Be happy with what you have but share it freely and the most valuable gifts are trust and time.
Today I find out with a small prick of my finger and a small bead of black that someone has abused my trust and stolen all of my time. Things I would have given freely if they had but asked. I have been robbed blind of everything I value. But now with my blood and black as night, thick as tar and no way back there would be consequences. I knew just where to start.