There in the corner of that hospital nursery laid a new-born infant. He cried and cried and wriggled around, trying desperately to find comfort in this just discovered world. The other babies in the nursery propped themselves up and greeted one another. 

"I'm Steve."

"I'm Steve."

"Steve..."

"...Steve..."

"...Steve."

They discussed their thoughts on the situation and batted around ideas on the philosophy and politics of the matter. 

One of them shouted at the crying nuisance in the corner, "Shut up kid!"

"His name is Yoanna."

"Shut up Yoanna!"

------------

Yoanna sat in the deserted library, a stack of books spanning across all subjects next to him. He was trying. He was really trying, when in fact all he wanted to do at the moment was eat a corn dog and and maybe play some baseball. He couldn't though, when there was but one thought occupying his mind. 

*I am the single dumbest human being on the planet.*

He slammed his book on ancient Greek culture closed and buried his face in his hands.

Yoanna left the library and now walked the street with hands in pockets and eyes on the cement in front of him. He hated any sort of social contact these days. It only led to embarrassment and quite probably anger.

He apologized as he grazed by a couple of toddlers walking a dog. 

"Watch where you're going asshole!" one of them shouted back at him. 

"Screw you Steves!"

Yoanna's brow furrowed and his hands clenched into fists in his pockets as he walked on. He was tired of the treatment. He was furious at his parents for not naming him Steve. He was a recluse, an outcast, an unneeded and unwanted anomaly of society. He could feel his body tensing and heat filling his face. 

*Screw this. Screw this whole thing. I need to get out of here. I need a car. How though? I can't get a licence for at least another three years.*

Yoanna paused in thought.

*I'll steal one. But I need to learn how to-*

Yoanna already knew. He could hot-wire a car with the right tools. 

*I already know. I know how to do it. How do I know?*