No one was watching the tall man enter the broken house. He was silent underneath the sounds of the city. Cats and dogs fought and rutted, bass leaked past the bars on the glowing windows, and distant sirens shifted this way and that. Compared to all that the tall man was nothing. The broken door swung open at his touch.

The lights in the broken house hadn't worked for years. No one to care for them, and no one to foot the bills. Another man would need the light to navigate past the bottles and broken glass, refuse and torn sheets, needles and plastic, crumpled and snapped furniture, but the tall man saw through it all with his cloudy eyes. He stopped and lowered his black hood. His hair was grey but still wound tight, and his beard had streaks of black. The heaps of trash defensively arrayed like pikes around the door clung to his jeans, but did not tear them.

the tall man found the poor man in the bathroom, flicking an empty ligher with his thumb, head cocked far to the side, resting on the porcelain. The sparks flew at a steady and distinct rhythm The poor man's sweatshirt was grey and mottled by a hundred different stains, and clung to a sunken chest.

The tall man said nothing but opened his great book. When he spoke the poor man's name the lighter missed a beat, but then resumed. 

"You are dead, forgotten one"

The poor man's lips pulled back from his bloody gums, shards of teeth jutting out, although all that might be seen in the dark was the sparks reflected in his eyes. "'m right here."

"How long has it been since someone spoke your name?"

"years n' years."

"But they still knew you."

"erbody roun' here know somebody some way. I got nothin' lef' ta sell and nothin' for you ta take. Get on."

"Now they are gone."

"All chewed up I 'spose."

The man flicked the lighter and this time the wick caught. The poor man smiled up at the tall man, a little circle of light that beamed out only to be swallowed by the grime on the tiles and walls. 

"Sometime it go. See that? Sometime it go like it found some oil."

"We will be going now."

The poor man let the flame go and squinted into the dark.

"Where dat?"

"The crystal gulf; the place of the forgotten."

The poor man's laugh was all tar. He spat over his shoulder.

"No one will find you, here or there."

"He was not found cause God had taken him up."

"I am not a god, forgotten one."

"my name not Enoch, either."

"No."

The tall man stood and watched the man in the tub flick his lighter again. It was not often the tall man came for one still earthbound, and the experience stirred something inside of him. He remembered being a man, back when few froze inside the crystal gulf, the space that would never fill even once he packed his brother there and took the place next to him. All great souls in a row.

There they will stand for time. Forgotten, their pain and sorrow will be nothing. If there were a crack in the gulf for the wails and shrieks to leak out, the sound would land on cold rock and endless void. 

The tall man closed his book and the lighter stopped.



