*The Therapist*

"Shit." I looked around, realizing I had just been summoned, again. How many times was this going to happen? Here I was, just enjoying my day, about to have sex with my girlfriend and this happens. Why can't I just stay on Earth? They always ask me to do stupid things I can't do anyway.

"Can you force her to love me." A young man looks up from his sitting position, with his soft whisper.

"Man, I can tell you one thing... if you want to force her, you have other problems." What I wouldn't give to be home right now with someone that *did* love me.

The young man outside the circle looked distraught. If I'm being honest, I felt bad for the guy. It wasn't his fault that the girl he chose to love didn't love him back. I heard a sob.

"Okay, so what's going on, man?" I sit down in the circle and prepare for a long-ass story where I end up being the therapist again. Y'know, being in their version of hell really makes you go through shit and end up stronger. Sometimes I think they should visit Earth. If only I could summon them.

The young man huffs. His breaths are jagged as he recovers from his tears. "You aren't like any other demon I've summoned before."

"Yeah well, you're not like any sorcerer that I've been ordered around by before." I pause, trying to figure out how to get him smiling again. Forget it, I'll just be honest. "The rest were just fuckers. At least you have something I can help you with. No world domination shit, okay?"

"I just needed someone to talk to."

I meant to suppress my guffaw. Unfortunately, when you're from hell you aren't the most tactful in tense situations. "Let me summarize: you are one of the most powerful sorcerers in the world, which I gathered from the fact you *summoned* a fucking being from an alternate universe, a girl won't love you, and you summoned me so that we could have a chipper chat? HA. Are you serious? Don't you have friends?"

"That's the beauty of being one of the most powerful sorcerers in the world," he bitterly replied, "unless you have family, no one wants you."

"Oh shut it with your pity party shit." If I was here, I was not wasting this time listening to him blather on and on without solving the god forsaken problem. Heh. I am technically forsaken from God, get it?

"Fine. What would you rather I talk about?" 

"Maybe how no demon has talked to you like this before?" he stared at me blankly. Well, I guess he doesn't have a commanding presence, usually we're pretty docile because we have no choice. "Okay... how about the woman you mentioned."

"Oh, she's perfect," his eyes started to glaze over in a fucking daydream. Really, this was what he was like? No wonder she didn't want to be with him.

"So what happened?" 

He adjusted to be comfortable, then he looked up at me and asked, "Do you want a cup of water or something?" If he wasn't so pathetic, I would cry at his kind gesture. These beings were too power hungry to ever consider if I was actually hungry.

"No, but thank you," ew, I could feel my heart softening towards this guy. By the end we might have a serious bro-mance going. Ugh, that would mean he'd summon me whenever he needed something. Shit he needed friends.

"O-okay. Well, you're certainly far different than any other demon I've summoned before. They usually have magical powers like I do."

"Yeah, well you called the wrong universe this time." I needed to get back on subject, I had other things to do today. "Who is this girl?"

"She's my best friend." ARE YOU SERIOUS YOU WANT TO HAVE A FRIEND ZONE CONVERSATION? Fuck me.

"Mmmmhmmm," I read somewhere that minimal attending skills were the best when you had to listen to someone. Honestly, I feel for this guy, I've been there, so I could try to have this conversation.

"Everyone loves her. When she walks into a room, there is always someone she knows, someone who wants to be near her. She's a magnet." He locked eyes with me as his eyes started to tear up, "For some reason she chose to befriend *me*. I'm the freak magician in the corner who is too shy and too feared for anyone to approach. I am a social pariah." 

"What makes you think she doesn't love you then?" I really have been here. I mean, usually I don't socialize because I'm awkward and I play a lot of video games, but he wanted the girl who was the belle of the ball. By some miracle I currently had her... I mean, a version of her in hell.

"She talks to all these guys, she's always flirting and going on dates. She never gives me a second thought when she talks to me about them." He was still sitting on the floor and holding his legs.

"Have you talked to her?" It was obvious this guy didn't know how to talk about his feelings. Gotta love masculine expectations, they seem to be the same wherever I am summoned. Fucks the poor guys up. No wonder they all want to control a demon. Still doesn't excuse this shit though.

"I mentioned that I can't really help her with her guy problems." She sometimes gets frustrated with me then doesn't talk to me for a few days when that happens.

"... But have you asked her on a date?"

"No..."

"WHY THE HELL NOT? If you are going to summon a demon, who could be potentially dangerous, don't you think it should be your final resort?" 

"I am your master and you are berating me!" The girl is definitely a touchy subject. At least the yelling made this interesting, so I continued.

"As soon as I leave I HAVE no fucking master. You know what's so funny? You want to make this WOMAN your slave. That's what you told me as soon as I arrived. Taking away her choice, just like you took away mine, I guess that sounds a lot like love in this world." Oops, might have stepped on a few nerves.

The sorcerer just stood there and said nothing. He bowed his head. "You're right. If I could force her to love me, I would do it. It would be for her own good too. I'd take care of her every wish or desire."

"Except one -- her freedom. That's the most important one for a relationship. Otherwise you'd only have a hollow semblance of one." I really did feel for this guy, but I've never wanted to control the girl. At the time, I just wished the girls on Earth had liked me.

"I'd rather have that than not have her at all." He stood up in defiance.

"Well, I still can't help you with that." I looked at his determined and slightly terrifying face. I take it back, he could command a demon, there was sheer power there.

"Then you're useless."

"Or maybe you're useless."

"What did you say?"

"You heard me. I thought you weren't like those other sorcerers, and I was right. You're worse."

"You're just a shit demon who has to be a slave for all eternity, it doesn't matter what you think." 

I couldn't keep myself from saying it, "I guess that's why you have no friends and no lover."

He stormed out and I sat there until a candle burned all of it's wick. Finally the circle was broken and I could go home. I saw the sorcerer run into the room as I prepared to leave.

"Go to therapy, man. Only dicks don't get the girl." Then I vanished, back into the puff of smoke and back in my bed with my girlfriend.

"Good morning, love. Who did you have to talk to this time?" She yawned and wrapped her arm around me.

"Myself. In an alternate universe." She sat up and looked at me intently, I noticed she only had her t-shirt on. This was the universe I wanted to be in.

"Are you okay?" She reached for my hair as she searched my eyes.

"I am now." My cheeky grin made her smile. I felt sorry for that guy and I hoped he'd change for the better like I did. As my girlfriend started to get out of bed I pulled her back. "Where do you think you're going?"

She laughed. I definitely hoped this guy would learn his lesson and experience this kind of satisfaction. For my sake.