‘They really get worse every month,’ the Specter thought as he stalked the group through the ancient hallways. ‘Maybe the kingdom had started running out of money… or maybe I’ve just killed all the good ones…’

Three bodies cautiously made their way through the dark corridor, weapons drawn and eyes fixed ahead trying to make out anything they could ahead of them. The weak moonlight streaming in from the small windows was all that kept pitch black at bay.

“I got the torches,” sarcastically mimicked the scowling hooded woman who led the group. “You literally had one job… just one.”

“We would have had enough if we didn’t have to stop every thirty minutes to take a break.” muttered a gruff shirtless man in a hushed tone gripping a massive battle axe.

“Dressing our wounds and burning the dead after a battle isn’t ‘taking a *break’*, you stupid barbarian.” She replied as she took another step in the darkness.

The Specter watched them wondering if he should just put them out of their misery. His darkspawn which hung from the ceiling above the adventurers were awaiting his command. One word and he could get back to building his army… but something stopped him.

“Mind your tongue, wench.” The brutish man growled.

Before he could finish his sentence, the woman had spun around and pressed a dagger to the man’s throat. “What the hell did you just call me,” she said slowly pressing the knife harder against him.

“Guys! Can we please calm down and focus on getting out of here alive.” Said the elf harshly. The woman looked at him and lowered her blade slowly.

“Shut it elf,” Said the large man. “We wouldn’t be in this mess if you could ‘*magic*’ us a little light.”

The elf’s eyes narrowed. “You know the power of Lunasis doesn’t work like that. And by the way, I’m not the one who packed two torches to go venturing into the ‘keep of nightmares’… did you think the Specter would leave the lights on!” he shot back a little louder.

The leader of the darkspawn squirmed anxiously with the noise, but no command came. A smile crept across the ghostly face of the Specter. ‘This was getting interesting,’ he thought. ‘Maybe they’d save me the trouble and kill themselves.’

“SHHHH” shushed the woman loudly eyeing the elf. “he’ll hear us coming”.

“No light, can’t conjure food, you couldn’t even heal the other guy.” Taunted the barbarian. “Sounds like your goddess is pretty useless.”

“Sacrilege!” Spat the elf as his eyes glowed white. He lifted off of the floor and started chanting. “Abedla dere lunasis cooma de-“

“I said, SHUT UP,” yelled the woman as she sent her knee flying into the stomach of the floating elf. He crumpled to the floor whimpering and trying to catch his breath.

The barbarian roared with laughter. “Guess he could glow after all!”

“Goddamn amateurs,” she muttered as she turned around weapon drawn at the wheezing that erupted from the darkness ahead.

The Specter was doubled over laughing, something he had thought impossible without lungs. ‘Maybe I’ll let them live a little longer,’ he thought, chuckling as the ‘*heroes’* huddled in fear. This was going to be a fun night.