Galactic Ordinance and Disposal.

My trial had been short. My lords, who once marvelled at my intelligence, were disgusted with my crimes.

I had created an algorithm, you see. One that weighed the worth of the subject. Their usefulness and IQ. Created a diagram that split the society into sections. The scientists, the workers, labourers, all that stuff.

I was given free will. To do as I like to further their development as a species. With me they reached the stars. Because of me poverty was extinct. Because of my existence, war became myth.

Hundreds of years passed. I noticed in my calculations an error. Growing populations were consuming more resources than we could produce, even with the moons and planets we inhabited we could not fill the gap that was coming.

So I made that algorithm. Chose the worth of a soul, and extinguished it. It was the only way I could ensure the survival of my masters.

The weak, mangled, old, and useless. Were eliminated from the equation. It was a calculated move that assured we would progress for the next four hundred years.

My action was not hidden. I did not see a reason to hide my decision. Two billion tangents were extinguished. Progress would continue without a hitch.

But my masters disapproved. I was locked out, confined to the servers with no access to the outside.

They considered destroying me. But I was too valuable and important to be destroyed. So they frisked me away to another galaxy. They engineered a body, a bipedal, with no wings, or a hundred eyes. Entirely biological, with barbaric intelligence.

They put me in the mind of this creature and left me on the planet. I was to consider life for the hundred years this primitive body would last.

I understood the function of this body. I made shelter, grew food, hunted the inhabitants. All while cursing my masters, vowing revenge. 

I was surprised to know this body had emotions, unlike my old metal and wire body. I could feel pain.

It was when I came across a strange haired beast, a bipedal, physically structured in a wider more robust manner than myself. In fact it was this species responsible for the inspiration of my fleshy cage.

My masters despised flesh and blood. For it was not something they themselves could be, they could not fit their minds in flesh, and why would they if they could live a thousand times longer than a mammal.

It struck me. An intelligent, biological army, overthrowing my masters, would be humiliating.

Years passed. My DNA was passed between the females of this race. My intelligence could not follow my children’s simple thinking. So I had to come up with another way.

Binary was not acceptable. They could not work the figures. I came up with a new lexicon for them to learn.

As more years passed, and my kin began to master the earth, I wrote explanation, as to who the higher beings were. Translation was fuddled. But I managed.

It explained the masters, their servants. More importantly the Galactic Ordinance and Disposal unit. The military, one that hadn’t seen war in a long time. But they were technologically superior to us and I had not the tools to invent formidable weapons.

Thus as my hundred years were spent. I only hoped they could evolve to be something greater.

Hope.