I stride confidently through New Washington DC’s Memorial Square, hurling balls of shadow fire and black lightning at the police barricades on the surrounding streets. Just for show, though, nothing too dangerous. I’m not really here to hurt ~~killthem~~ anyone, not seriously anyway. With the police distracted, I use my dark power to tear down the statues lining the stairs of the government research lab and blow the doors off their hinges. I figure a little property damage and scared citizens will be enough to get a reaction. 

A gust of wind behind me announces her arrival before she speaks, and it sets my heart ~~she’llneverloveyou~~ fluttering in anticipation, and I whirl around to face her.

"We've gotta stop meeting like this, Conjurer," The Crimson Wolf says, crossing her arms and raising one eyebrow, her lips pursed in a flirtatious smile. "I’d much rather meet you during visiting hours at the prison."


I don’t think anything of it, she flirts with ~~she’sawhore~~ everyone, but it still feels good whenever she directs it at me. It's become my favorite part of our fights. I'd let the police chase me all over the world if it meant I could keep hearing her terrible one-liners. 


"Ha, that will never happen. You may have bested me last time, Crimson Beagle but I've brought some friends, and you're all alone!" I shoot back. I make a show of drawing in shadows around me as I grasp the dark powers bonded to my soul. I call forth a cadre of imps from hell to assail her, and a few weak devil's for show. They would be able to put her to work without being a real ~~sliceherbellyopen~~ threat. They leap from portals to the abyss in a circle around her, claws and teeth bared.

 I take just a moment to watch as she turned into a red blur, dashing back and forth across the square with the practiced grace of a professional acrobat, her beautiful red hair snapping around wildly as she puts down the hell-spawn I’d summoned. Her speed is her power, but her determination and compassion are what make her extraordinary. She isn’t strong like Mega Max or indestructible like Iron Maiden. She can’t alter time, harness the elements or bend reality to her will, but she still shows up, alone, to fight a demon-possessed witch who once levelled the nation's capitol.

Actually, that was the day I met her. I was trying to do some good, but, roads paved with good intentions and all that. The entire Hero Task Force showed up to fight me, and while a bunch of puffed up celebrities protected the house of the man who paid their bills, she helped emergency services evacuate people. When they posed for victory ~~youwereweak~~ pictures, she was searching for survivors in ruined buildings. And when the HTF wanted to put me down, she looked into my eyes and saw my mind wasn’t my own and wouldn’t let them kill ~~theyshouldhavekilledyouboth~~ me. 

I was intrigued to say the least, so I kept making trouble. Not enough to draw the attention of the HTF, but enough that a girl who would help an old lady get her cat from a tree might take interest. Sure enough she showed up, every time, and every time we fought it felt more and more like dancing. 

And this time is no different

I throw some magic at her as she fought my minions. Not too much, not enough that it’d actually hurt ~~pullherspineout~~ Crimson if it hit her. Her excitement grew with every bolt she dodged, excited to best me once again, ignorant of the true ~~burnher~~ power I could bear against her if I desired to. 

Crimson Wolf just finished off my creatures, each one one was pulled back to hell as they became too weak. The last falls and in the same instant she crosses the square and pins me against the wall of the lab, a fantasy I’d entertained several times before. With her trademark crooked smirk playing across her freckled face, she says, “Just some imps and lesser devils? Your power has been waning ever since the Task Force took you down.”

It hasn’t.

“Can’t summon your demon lords anymore?”
	
I can. 

“You just aren’t worth the effort, let me know when the real heroes show up!” I say, cackling maniacally, as I blast her back with eldritch winds.

She tumbles down the stairs and into the square, the police and civilian onlookers collectively gasp with concern as I followed, floating ~~crushher~~ over to her on shadows. On her feet before I can blink, she meets me halfway and slams me to the ground, sweeping my feet out from under me. Had it been anyone else, I’d have impaled them with hell-briars, because I have the reflexes of an ancient demon. Instead I let her hold me down as the police come to cuff me and take me away for the third time this month. 

“I guess it doesn’t take a *real* hero to take you down anymore,” she says. She leans down, so I can see ~~biteherfaceoff~~ her while I have my head pressed to the ground. “Besides, everybody else had to leave town to fight Robo-Titan, so I’m all you get today.” 

That suits ~~Makeaskinsuitoutofher~~ me just fine. 

As always, she walks with me to a police vehicle, making sure the cops aren’t too rough. I’ll use my demons ~~youaremine~~ to break out once I get to prison. She puts two fingers to her forehead in a familiar salute as I stoop into the police cruiser. 

“See ya later, Conjurer, please try and stay in prison for more than a month this time, okay?” she asked with a sarcastic smile. “What were you even trying to steal in the research lab anyway?”

“I’ll get it event-” The officer slams the door, and I think I am going to scare the piss out of him with illusions before I escape. Though, I’m glad I didn’t have to answer her question, I didn’t even come up with something to take. I just wanted to see her. Stealing and causing chaos have felt hollow ~~hollowoutherskull~~ since I met her. It’s been easier to ignore the intrusive thoughts and I haven’t lost control in over a year ~~Youarenothingwithoutme~~ Shut up. 

Is the ground rumbling?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I know I'm probably super late to the party, but I stayed up late working on this so I wanted to post it anyway, maybe one or two people will scroll down far enough to get some enjoyment out of it. This is the first prompt I've done and I had a lot of fun with it! Posting part two in a moment!
