A combined effort between myself and u/Compodulator

The evening was average in every way possible. Mundane. Boring. No rain, no wind, no snow, not even a car on the street or a bark of the occasional stray dog. I could see the neighbor’s lights through my own window, but covered with a curtain, I could not see further than the window. A message from my father saying he wants to come for a visit came to my phone about two hours ago. He was, and still is what you would call ‘old school’, a firm believer that a good host is to prepare an elaborate, large, fulfilling dinner. There was, of course, an issue with this idea: I am not a cook. I am the absolute polar opposite of a high-grade chef. Last time I tried cooking, without any particular effort, I managed to blow up an omelet. How, I will never know. Eggs, salt, some butter and a frying pan equal explosion in my hands it seems. Tonight will be difficult.

I pulled out the recipe book grandma had given me during her vain attempt at teaching me to cook. I flipped through, and found something that I was sure, even I, couldn’t manage to screw up. Chicken soup. It called for stock, carrots and celery, and chicken. Simple. *I got this,* I told myself. I had nothing in the refrigerator, as not being a suitable cook, I just ordered takeout every night. I guess I would have to run to the store. I glanced at my watch, Dad would be here in another two hours. Why had he decided to visit tonight? And why had he not given a more advanced notice? I hopped into the car and sped to the local supermarket.

“Hey, Jef.”

Jeffrey Hopkins. We were friends… well, not exactly friends-friends, more like kind-of-don’t-hate-each-other friends back in college. Back in the day we were all inspired by all the “documentaries” we saw about regular joes inventing world changing devices. Sure, we then learned that “The Short History of the World’s Greatest” was not, in fact, a documentary but some kiddie show made by teachers who clearly lost their minds.

“Kevin! Another party going on?”

“Not… exactly… My father’s coming to town for some reason and I have to set him up with a dinner.”

He posed dramatically as a ballerina in mid spin “The great chef, Kevin Jamesonvichtkin will now prepare a ten-star meal and not blow up the place up for a change?”

“Hey, that was one time! Five years ago! Will you let it go already?!”

Jesus, you fuck up once, and the world never forgets. He even posted the aftermath on InstantenousGrammaphone and refused to get them off before he got ten thousand likes. It took two weeks.

I glanced around the store. I knew where the liquor and the party snacks were, but… actual groceries? I had no clue. 

“So Jef, where uh... Do you keep the vegetables and chicken? Also, what is stock?” Jef snorted, I’m sure already thinking about his next post, wondering how he could get himself invited to this dinner. 

Jef showed me the way around the store, making snide comments about how he didn’t understand how I didn’t even know the difference between different cuts of chicken meat. He did explain that stock was basically water that had chicken bones and meat boiled in it until it had chicken flavor, but he also handed me a bottle of bouillon cubes, which he explained were like chicken salt. I checked out at a register that Jef opened just for me and walked to my car. I was dreading cooking this soup, and I was running out of time before Dad arrived, as he would expect to eat as soon as he arrived.

I take a look at my watch. An hour. Not much, but it has to do. My phone helpfully told me that soup is a bunch of edibles in water, boiled, and served in a bowl warm or lukewarm. That’s really helpful, Jenkins, thank you, now how about some real help?

“Alright, so what goes where?”

Silence. I groan and try again “Excuse me, Jenkins, what goes where in a soup?”

Ding! “When preparing a soup, the edibles must be cut into proportionally medium size before being put in a pot and boiled with water.”

These smartphone features should be renamed to “smartASS features”. Back to grandma’s old book it is, I guess. I gently put the car in the driveway and make my way back inside. The book is right on the counter, where I left it before trying to go and get some help from Jef. I pick it up and go through it haphazardly, looking for the “the most perfect chicken soup known to man” chapter. This thing looks like it survived at least two world wars and one returning of Christ.

I find the chapter and read through the instructions twice. It says to *sauté* the vegetables. Whatever that means. 

“Jenkins, what is sauté?” 

“It is where vegetables are cooked on high heat in a pan until they soften.” 

I figure I’ll save time and put the pot on the stove and turn the heat on. I set the book down next to the stove and turn to cut the carrots and celery. I hold the knife in my best impression of a serial killer and get to work. Those vegetables never stood a chance. When I turned around to put them in the pan, the edge of the book was smoking from where I had left it too close to the edge of the stove. I move it and drop the chopped carrots and celery in the pan. Within seconds they are smoking too! 

I grab a spoon and shove them around trying to prevent them from catching on fire. It’s in vain though, as the vegetables on bottom are charred and smoking, and the ones on top are raw. Then the book, which had continued to smoke, caught flame. I turned to deal with it, knocking the pan to the ground. The poor chopped vegetables fall to the ground and scatter, and the ones stuck to the pot also burst in flame. I panic and back away, tripping in the process, nonsensical words flying from my mouth. 

“Ma ze ha hara aze kus ommok?!”

It’s a phrase I picked up from Dungeons and Dragons. The supervisor doesn’t really like it when I use actual “swear words”, as she puts it, so as part of my “rehabilitation program” she clearly pulled straight out of her ass, I am now supposed to use this particular phrase instead of good ol’ fashioned “fuck”. I’m not paid enough to deal with her.

I divert my gaze from the stove for a moment to roll on the floor and find my balance again. Doesn’t work very well seeing as that one single celery apparently turned into a carpet bomb and covered the entire floor with its leaves. Or whatever that is. All I care is that it’s apparently a great lubricant and I’ll be introducing it to Jenny as an alternative to our usual stuff. When I finally grab ahold of the chair nearby and manage to climb up, the pot is already on fire. An impressive fire. At least three feet tall, scorching the ceiling and slowly spreading in a weirdly perfect circle around it. I dash downstairs for the fire extinguisher that is probably older than I am. On my way down I hear a dog of some kind barking as if it saw a squirrel. How the hell did a dog get in here? Why? Why now?!

I get back and pull the pin, spraying all over the place without looking. The fire is gone, the ceiling is a mess, and there’s a notably angry guy in front of me now. This is not a normal guy. Even if he’s covered in foam, there’s no way his head reaches the ceiling like that. Suddenly, I hear an ear shattering growl, followed by bellowing.

“Pathetic mortal! You have awoken me from my eternal slumber! No longer trapped between life and death, I will grant you one last pleasure before I set this world ablaze!”

I blinked. I blinked again. What was that thing? He… No it… was staring down at me, and I was no small man, at 6’ 3. 

"How? How were you able to summon me?!" he screams down at me now. 

I run to the corner, where the still smoldering cookbook had been kicked. I start flipping through grandma's cookbook as fast as I can, and do the only thing I can think of, scream back, "I don't know!! You were supposed to be chicken soup!" 

It blinked down at me, “Chicken soup?”

“I don’t know, my dad is on his way, he wanted dinner, I don’t cook, and this looked easy enough.” I said in one quick breath. “What are you by the way? How did you get in here?”

(Continued below)