"And have the Krallians wiped out," Emperor Thandricus adds casually. "I don't like their ambassador's face."

I suppress a sigh. "Of course, Your Eminence," I mewl, bowing low. "They shall be as chaff on the threshing floor."

I roll my eyes to the guard on the way out. He doesn't show any reaction, but I know he shares my sentiment. All the guards do -- I've spent the last fifteen years rotating out the old loyalists and hiring more... freethinking employees. That's how I know the forthcoming non-invasion of Krallia won't make it back to the Emperor's wizened ears.

That and I'm going to kill him, obviously.

I hear a crash from behind me. "Stop, intruder!" the guard's voice shouts.

"Your reign of evil has come to an end, Thandricus!" thunders a voice I don't recognize. "By the blood of my father which you spilled, Rhialland shall be free once more!"

Gods be good, not another bloody hero. I run back to the throne room, shouting for more guards.

I step into the throne room, my dagger drawn. It's mostly ceremonial, but better than nothing. I look around, and -- I'm too late. The guard is dead, and Emperor Thandricus is a crumpled pile of gilded robes, now accented with crimson. A young man wearing armor and a flowing red cape is standing in the center of the room, bloody sword still drawn. He's directly in a beam of light streaming through one of the windows -- they must teach drama at hero school or something.

He turns to me. "Ho, citizen!" he shouts. Apparently this guy only has one volume setting. "The emperor who oppressed you all for so long is finally dead, and all Rhialland is free again! Go tell your people the glad tidings!"

I sigh in irritation. "Tell them what? The government's collapsed? You don't even see what you've done here, do you?"

The hero seems taken aback. "I am Sir Galatine the Gilded, Heir to the Green Marches and Liberator of Rhialland! I have saved your people from tyranny --"

"You've saved us from nothing! Without the Emperor's authority, the whole Rhialli Empire will implode! The Lemorans, Ytyri, and Pesceni will declare independence the second they hear Thandricus is dead, and the Northerling tribes won't be far behind. The ethnic Rhialli will try to keep them together by force, and we'll have civil war! You know who's going to win that civil war?"

Galatine looks confused. "You're free..." he mumbles. Great, he's even dumber than he looks.

"The Krallians! The Krallians will win when they sense weakness and invade. The diplomatic relations I've spent a decade and a half forming will go out the window. And if you think King Jorvak is any better than Thandricus, you've got another think coming, pal."

The idiot hero just stands there, shoulders slumped slightly. An idea seems to hit him, and he brightens. "Then I shall defeat him!" Galatine cries. "No one shall threaten liberty while I live to protect it!"

I give him a long, hard look. He's younger than I realized -- can't be older than sixteen. Who did he say Thandricus killed -- his father? Poor kid's probably been under the protection of some washed-up mercenary or self-involved wizard most of his life. He was just trying to do the right thing -- a pity he was so wrong.

I shake my head, and walk over to him. "I believe you, Galatine," I say, putting a hand on his back. "I believe you."

He smiles, and starts to say something, but the words die in his throat as I slip my dagger between the plates of his armor. I slide my arm around his waist to catch him as he falls, and lay him on the floor as gently as I can. He shudders a few times, coughs up a bit of blood, then lies still.

The guards finally arrive almost ten minutes after Thandricus' death -- I'm going to have to work on response times. They find me sitting on the Imperial throne, wearing the Imperial crown, with three dead men on the floor in front of me.

"Clean up this mess," I bark, "and prepare for my coronation. A new day has come for the Rhialli Empire."