The darkness covered the city as my weary legs dragged me home from a late shift at the factory. The street lamps were either flickering or burned out, the city didn't have much funding to repair since they decided to subsidize the cost of buying pills. The pills used to cost an arm and a leg to get, the only damn pills to keep people from dying and most people can barely afford them. Fortunately, now they only cost an arm, but that didn't make life better. Crime increased when the city cut half the police force and stopped maintaining the decency of towns. I checked my watch. I was almost late on taking my pill, which I pulled from my pocket, just passed my leather wallet.

A gust of cold wind blew passed me, chilling me through my thin shirt. I began to shiver as I walked looking at my hand holding the pill. No water to take the pill with, I pushed it back in my pocket. Only a few block to go before I got home. I pulled my wallet out, checking on how much money i had. Everything cost and everything was done in cash, no one wantex to be any more a part of the corporate system than they already were paying for pills every day.

From an alley I was walking by came a man, hitting me from the side. I heard several cracks as I felt my ribs break as I flew through the air, my knees falling on the crib, shattering on impact. I screamed in agonizing pain, that likely woke many people nearby. The man did not hesitate and threw several punches, and with each I felt the world darken.


I woke, the sun was rising over the houses and everything seemed quiet. Pain tore through me and my body began to shake. I looked around, trying to find help. Quickly trying to see the damage on my body, I saw my skin, flaking. I remembered the first sign of needing pills, flaking skin.

Trying to get control of my body, I attempted to reach into my pocket. Fumbling several times before getting a finger in, i felt nothing. I did the same with my other pockets, nothing at all. My wallet was gone..."Shit!" I screamed in a mix between anger and agony.

I looked around once more, and saw someone on the other side of the street, walking quickly. "Hey! ... Hey!" I yelled as loud as I could. "Help, I need help!"

I could see them stop through my blurred vision. "How much you gonna pay?" They yelled back.

Fuck this society, i thought to myself. "I can pay you as much as you want after you've..." And before I could finish they were scurrying off and out of site.

I felt my head pulsing as what seemed to be my only hope disappeared from sight. My vision darkened and I closed my eyes, waiting for death. The throbbing and pain began to ease slowly as death took me. I heard a soft noise in the distance as death took me. My eyes flicked open one last time to see the broken world...

Eyes stared back at me, with a smiling face. I glanced around, I was in a white room. "Welcome back to reality! How was you tour in the virtual world?"

*****************

Any Advise?