I suppose this wasn't your typical session, but then again, I'm not your typical therapist.

I sat quietly in the chair opposite them. "So," I spoke quietly. "What are you here for?"

Their updated Ouija boards were now completely automated, scripting my words onto a screen while simultaneously repeating them aloud with its surprisingly human voice. Not only that, its intonation and inflection had a remarkable resemblance to my own while I was alive. 

"You don't recognize me?" she said, sitting there quietly. 

I sat there silently in thought, racking my brain for memories, as the bouncing dots of the ellipses covered the screen. "*Why would I know?*" I thought. "*Who is she...?*"

"Oh," she said with dejectedness, looking down to the floor before she began standing up. "Death followed by fifteen thousand years can do that to your mind."

"No, wait!" I interrupted. 

She stopped halfway out of her seat before looking at where I would have been sitting. "Please stay," I asked of her. "I'd like to know."

I could tell from her body language that she was processing the whole situation, wondering if she should stay or go. "What's your name?"

Slowly, she sat back down on the edge of her seat. "Anna," she said. "My name is Anna."

A mental *click!* went off in my head, as I watched her eyes brighten if only for a moment. "*Where do I remember that...?*" 

"We met each other, way back when," she said, looking blankly through me and into the wall behind me. "In 2017."

Suddenly, memories began flowing through a trickle at a time, before what she said next broke the wall that opened up the flood.

"You...uh, we...there was a car accident..."

She couldn't continue, as she felt her voice break. Anna sniffled, and wiped away a tear from her eye, embarrassed to let me see.

"And, uh, that's when doctors learned I could never die." 

I nodded, the memories hitting me harder than I expected them to, although I quickly remembered she couldn't see me. "So that's why we're still here," I said behind sniffles of my own.

She nodded, dabbing her nose with a tissue. "Yeah," she replied.

We sat in silence, the howling wind outside the window the only sound in this eerily quiet home. 

After all these years, we were finally together. So close, yet so far.