Well then. 

I paused on the stairs of my apartment, and looked at the M1 Abrams main battle tank that stood in my parking space. Not something you would find in your average apartment complex parking in Salt Lake City. I winced as I saw what had become Mr. Oberoi's old Chevy that had been unlucky enough to be parked next to my car. The thing was crushed between my tank and the pickup truck next to it. It honestly didn't look like a car anymore.  

I allowed myself a little smile. That's what that asshole gets for cat calling every time I came back home from work. 

He was going to be pissed as hell, but given what my car had turned into today, that was going to be the least of my worries. 

See, this car had been a gift from my mother who in turn had gotten it from grandmother. She had tears in her eyes when she had given me the keys. It turned into anything I needed for the day. It seemed to know exactly what weather we were going to have. 

"It'll serve you well, Lisa. God knows it's served me long enough," she'd said. When I had asked her how it worked she had just smiled, "Does it matter?"

I winced a little whenever I thought of her. She had only passed away a year ago, in a car accident of all things, and while the initial shock of her passing had long since passed, sometimes the memories snuck up one me, her smile or her touch. 

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. Focus. Survive. The fact that I had a tank here meant that there was going to be some sort of catastrophe, so I rushed back in my home and turned on the TV while I ran inside to get some supplies. 

Nothing on the news. Huh. Nevertheless, I took several bottles of water, and a *ton* of granola bars and climbed into the tank. 

*It doesn't seem like a day the apocalypse would start,* I thought. The sun was just rising, casting the sky in a fiery red glow, and the cool breeze seemed perfectly normal. But something *did* feel off, I realized with a start. I stood on top of the tank, about to go in when it occurred to me. It was silent. 

Not just the silence everyone with an early morning shift feels when she goes to work, but total silence. No sounds of the fading night, no insects, no birdsong. Troubled, I got into the tank.

For something so huge on the outside, it was surprisingly cramped. Conveniently placed on the front seat were a pistol and a driver's manual. 

Huh. I didn't know they made those.

Everyday that the car changed, usually in the dashboard, it came with a manual for the car. Usually this was totally unnecessary, and something I found pretty funny, but I was glad now. And I suppose the gun was there in lieu of the keys. I tried not to think too much about that. 

I skimmed the manual and nodded. Seemed simple enough. I got the hang of the driving, how to accelerate and how to load the cannon. I hoped I would have no need for the latter, but the fact the car had turned into a tank and not an armored car told me something.   

Now what?

As if in answer, the ground began to shake. Violently. I used the external cameras and found that it wasn't just the tank, the entire 10 stories apartment complex was shaking. Shaking pretty hard... 

I realized what was going to happen a moment before it did. The building tilted precariously and began to swing forward, collapsing. 

Right on me.

I let out a yelp of fear, and hit the accelerator, and the tank moved backwards with surprising speed for such a lumbering beats of a machine. Still I had reacted too late and the top of the building fell on the tank, though I had almost made it to the main road out of the parking complex. 

The sound was deafening.

There was the initial crash of the bulk of the building falling and then the repeated *clunks* of smaller debris hitting the roof of the tank. It seemed that the noises stopped an eternity later.

I tested the tank and found, to my surprise, that the tank could still move, albeit with plenty of crunching and scary noises. I had a horrifying image of me being trapped under the debris, trapped in darkness for months, living off my rations, not willing to accept my inevitable death... 

*Focus, Lisa.* I shook that horrifying image out of my head, and drove the tank backwards, despite the ominous banging and crunching. 

It seemed to take forever, but the tank made it out of the majority of the debris, judging by the sound at least. I turned on the cameras and saw...nothing. Had the cameras been damaged?

I looked around, but I made out a faint light, one of the street lights that hadn't fallen in the earthquake. No, the camera was fine. Suddenly a computer chirped, making me jump,"switching to night-mode, change of light detected." 

Suddenly everything on the screen was in a shade of green. I saw the collapsed building and saw that I was in the middle of the main road. There were upturned cars and debris all along the road, making them impossible for any normal car to cross.

Then I turned the camera upwards.

The sky was dark, the sun but a faint outline on the night vision. 

What the hell was going on?

I fumbled for the radio, the manual had said it had one, and switched to FM 102.1, the news.  

".....catastrophic, absolutely catastrophic. The Central United States....chaotic...global effects."

A million dollar machine with a shitty radio. My freaking life.

I hit the radio a bunch, and this actually seemed to work, the message becoming a bit clearer. 

I almost wish it hadn't.

"...Extinction level eve-...Yellowstone has erupted...."

***
(minor edits)

If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)