"The landscape outside of the DOME was actually quite pretty, long grass covered the entire expanse and it reflected light of 520 nm. Trees were a rare sight but there were at least 5 or 6 visible from inside the DOME. The sky changed color pretty often, sometimes it was 480 nm, other times it was constantly between 640 nm and 580 nm during the day time. At night time however, the sky ranged between 500 nm and 520 nm. One can often see the infinite cosmos in all it's divine beauty. I was told that the Ancestors believed in an almighty that would rule this Universe. I don't know if that is true, however, any being with emotional and cognitive functions would be compelled to believe in such a ruler after seeing something of infinite beauty like the night sky."

"There were supposed to be 1000s of my people walking across the halls of the DOME but for some reason there is only 4 of us and we get along pretty well but some days it gets quite lonely. There were always the Helpers and the Overseer who takes care of us but sometimes it feels as though we do not connect. Today, Melissa and I were introduced to EnteBot. He controls a  large room with several seats, sofas and tables all pointed toward the Northern end of the room where there rests a screen of the same proportion as the wall. There is about a 10 meter gap between the screen and the seats where there are several tactile mats. The screen says "WELCOME SURVIVORS" with an option to "ENTER" and "EXIT". Upon entering, there is a vast library of media that was popular on the Ancestral planet from the year 1886 to the year 2167. The media has 3 categories with several sub categories "MOVIES", "BOOKS", and "GAMES". Movies are a type of media that are recorded with a device and they have actors. Most movies are fiction where none of the displayed events actually transpired on the Ancestral planet, yet the Ancestors loved this kind of fiction. Games was a very weird category, they are very different from normal games. There are no calculations nor is there much learning, a lot of the "games" are rather mindless contraptions that would best be left alone. Of course, there are a few exceptions. The Helpers are insistent that we learn the history of our Ancestral planet so that we do not repeat the same mistakes, thus, as part of our classes we ask EnteBot to let us play the "Assassin's Creed Trilogy" which apparently details Ancestral history very well. I am currently recording this while Melissa, Rodrigo, Cartman and I are supposed to be watching a movie about Ancestors with superpowers fighting a purple alien with powerful technology and the movies is quite fu-"

Wait, what just happened? The screen is glaring red with a WARNING sign. EnteBot rushes in and ushers us out. There is a large crash in the back ground. As soon as we leave the room, the room locks down. There is some sound in the background similar to the weapons of the movies. What's happening?
 