I bent down to brush the sand away from the box. Gingerly, I excavated around it, slowly but surely bringing it up to the light of the day. "T'keera!", I called out. A man walked over to me, his long robes flowing out around his ankles. "Yes?", he asked. 
I showed him the box. "Look!", I exclaimed with fascination. He raised an eyebrow. "A box. So?"
I brushed off a few specks of sand that remained attached to the lid. "Look at these markings! They're nothing like anything we have in our tribe!"
He looked at me, obviously not caring about this groundbreaking discovery. "And that means...?"
I thought for a moment, before sitting down. Slowly, my theory began to form in my nimble mind. "I think...", I said, whirling my finger around thoughtfully. "That we are not alone."
T'keera guffawed. "What, aliens?"
I glared at him angrily. "No, not quite something so elaborate. What if...", I wondered, "What if there is another tribe... like ours? But what if they live in the endless ice that always follows and leads us wherever we go?"
He shook his head and placed a hand on my shoulder. "Burava, look... I understand that you get lonely with just us. We all are."
He gestured out to the endless flat expanse around us. "What do you see in the distance?"
"Ice.", I mumbled, folding my arms.
"Burava, even the animals here travel with us; they cannot survive the ice. Nothing can."
I angrily stood up. "But what if there *were* people out there! People who thought the same way about our sands!"
He sighed. "Burava, you are prone to such wild fantasies. That box was probably left over from our ancestors,  those who now watch over us."
I sighed. “But… what if they are real? Imagine what we could do if we met!”
T’keera shook his head. “There you go again, missing the obvious. They probably don’t even speak the same language! For all you know, they, if they truly exist, may be cannibalistic savages!”
I looked longingly at the ice in the distance. I figured, maybe if I could find even a solid trace of them… 
I turned to the box. Carefully, I pried open the lid, and found a rolled up parchment of dried, crumbling papers. Fascinated, I tuned out the sound of T’keera’s ramblings and focused only on the faint writing on the paper. I walked off to my wagon and climbed inside, using the solid floor as a writing surface while I dipped a pen in ink and began to vigorously scribble notes on the dialect and alphabet. 
I worked day and night, trying to figure out the mysterious script. What can I say? I was completely obsessed. 
	Finally, a month later, I had done it. It was a clear and simple message, one that roused my heart with joy at finally not being alone on this desolate world. 
“We exist. Do you exist?”
I laughed heartily. Not only are we not alone, but they also realize they are not alone! 
No one else seemed nearly excited as I was. When all you do is travel, you don’t really leap at the idea of some new discovery. Discovery was wasteful, unimportant. It didn’t matter when it would be over the horizon in just a couple of weeks. 

(Eh, not done but I really can't finish it now. Bleq.)