I stood rooted to the spot, my legs suddenly welded to the sidewalk. I had never been particularly interested in women (then again, I had never been interested in most things) but her face gave me a new appreciation for a woman's beauty. She put everyone around her to shame - quite literally. Most of the people around her would create a wide berth between them and her. As I stood, still frozen mid-step on the side of the road, I watched with horror as she began walking in my direction.

As she came close, I suddenly smelled my mom's chocolate chip cookies. I hadn't eaten one in almost 20 years, but I recalled the warm and inviting scent instantly. The last time I had smelled them was when I tried to hang myself in my college dorm. I remember the doctor telling me that it was just a reaction to my brain losing oxygen, but a part of me always believed that they had really been there, right behind me.

She was standing directly in front of me now - God, she was beautiful. Her eyes were wide and radiated an intense intelligence that would have been intimidating, had her whole face not glowed with warmth and sunshine. I simultaneously wanted to go on a picnic with her and pull my hoodie over my face and run away in shame. When she spoke, I felt like I was listening to a song that was written just for me.

"Why are you staring at me like that?"

The sudden speech impediment that had strangled my vocal cords kept me from saying anything stupid, but it also kept me from speaking at all. All that came out was a slight expulsion of air through my nostrils. 

"Come on, I won't bite" she said jokingly. "You can talk to me. Tell me, why are you staring at me?"

I laughed at the joke, finally freeing my voice from its sudden incarceration. "I just - I think you're so beautiful" I finally managed to blurt out. Not too smooth, but hey at least I got a compliment out there.

To my horror, the smile on her face disappeared and was replaced with something so much worse than sorrow, so far beyond despair, I couldn't even find words to describe it.

"You think I'm beautiful?" she asked, with an air that suggested I had somehow just blown any chance I had with this angel. I guess the trick to pretty girls is actually to tell them how ugly they are?

Her eyes traveled down from my face to my arms, and her face fell even more. I hastily tried to cover up the scars, only to realize I was wearing a long sleeve shirt.

"Those are fresh. When did you start doing that again?" she asked, her voice trembling.

How had she known I started again? How had she known they were there at all? I haven't exposed my arms in public in almost three years. 

"I just- I.." My voice left me again, and I started to go red. 

"You need to go back to therapy. You can't keep skipping it" She looked so serious, I almost wanted to just say "okay" out of sheer terror. How did she know all this about me? I had turned off my phone a few days ago and spent most of the time in bed. Today was the first time in almost a week that I had even set foot outside, and it was only because I was out of toilet paper.

"You shouldn't do this to yourself" she said sadly, as she took my arms into her soft hands. Suddenly, my whole body went wonderfully, blissfully numb. I was floating in some kind of new state between being awake and being in a dream, and I never wanted to leave. She quickly let go and I felt a warmth radiating through my body. I wanted to be with this girl forever. I don't know why I said it, but at that moment I just looked at her and went -

"I love you". 

She was silently crying now. "No, you don't" she insisted. "You just don't know any better"

What was that supposed to mean? I might not be Zac Fucking Efron but I've got *some* game. "I've dated other girls, you know" I insisted indignantly. This made her giggle, and seeing her watery smile filled my entire body with butterflies. I had long since forgotten what happiness even felt like, but damn if this wasn't it then I had found something even better. Suddenly, I wanted to make her laugh again. I just wanted to spend my entire life making this girl smile.

"Can I take you out?" I blurted out, instantly regretting it. She seemed taken aback by this, and simply stuttered "wh-what?"

"I want to go out with you" I stated, more confidently this time. "Can I take you out? You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life" Wow, too far dude. I braced myself for the mace she probably kept in her purse.

"I can't go out with you" She said sadly. "I actually need to stay as far away from you as possible. I don't understand why you still think I'm beautiful"

This caught me off guard. *Still* beautiful? Does this mean I had seen her before? I wracked my brain, trying to remember. I couldn't have seen her before. I would have never forgotten her face. 

"It was a mistake for me to come here, I should go" She started to leave. Suddenly, all the warmth I had been feeling began to fade. My insides went cold and I was 14 again, sitting in the hospital bed while the doctors tried to get my mom to recognize my face. I was 16, watching my father get home drunk again on a Tuesday night. I was 22, silently crying into my pillow every night, regretting every second I had to spend awake.

"Please don't go" I pleaded. She turned and looked at me, and I smelled cookies again. The whole time I had been talking to her, I forgot how sad I was. I forgot about pain, or suffering, or dying. I forgot about everything except the lone eyelash that rested on her cheek, and how I longed to brush it off for her. I wanted to tell her all this, but I didn't know how. I barely even knew this girl. How could she make me feel all this? I spent so much time trying to figure out what to say but all that came out was more air through my nose.

She walked back to me and hugged me tight. I wrapped my arms around her and was instantly engulfed in warmth - the air became sweet with the smell of mom's cookies again, and the thought of going back to therapy suddenly seemed less daunting. Living, existing, suddenly seemed less daunting. I gripped her tight and savored every last second of warmth before she broke away. 

Strangely, the warmth I felt when she touched me didn't fade the way it did last time. I could feel it wrapped around my heart like a security blanket, helping my body function. I looked at her in amazement, but something seemed off. Her nose was no longer perfect, but a little crooked. Her hair seemed less full, and her eyes were no longer as bright as I remembered. She was still beautiful, only slightly less so.

She noticed my reaction and smiled. "I normally don't take these matters into my own hands, but you deserve this chance. Don't let me down" 

I had no clue what any of this meant, but she was so sincere, so honest, I simply looked at her and said calmly "I won't". 

She smiled wide now, but all it did was make her face look even more distorted and unnatural. As she turned to leave, I asked "Will I ever see you again?" She turned back and I saw the skin start peeling off her face, saw the acne building up and the hair thinning before my eyes. She said happily "You definitely will, but not for a while" and started to walk away.

I went home and showered for the first time in a week. As I looked at myself in the mirror, I realized with a jolt that my arms were smooth and unmarked - no scars, no bumps, not even a freckle. 

For the first time in a very long time, I put on a short sleeve shirt, and went to the oven to check on my cookies.