Everyone heard the stories, the Unbeatable Dungeon, locked behind the highest level reachable, attemptable by up to a party of 40 players, made to test every aspect of the game. No party had cleared it, let alone had anyone attempted to solo it, that was of course, before my incident.

I was given limited time to live. The cancer had spread throughout my body, I was one of 37 players to reach the highest level at this point, we were waiting for more players to get here before we attempted it. However time wasn't on my side, the tumors in my brain were the worst though. I couldn't concentrate on things for very long, and each passing day the headaches got worse, playing in the VRMMORPG that I was a part of since beta 7 years ago was the only thing that gave me happiness, and I was determined to see this through. The message

#you are attempting this dungeon alone, are you sure? 

Popped across the view finder. I nodded yes and headed in. It wasn't too long after I headed in I noticed something was off. The usual mobs that met parties didn't show up, only one creature was seen, and it seemed to bow it's head and let me pass, as if it were any other docile creature 100 levels below me. I checked my status and was no longer able to see any indication of time or menus to manage player interaction like logging out, or the Microtransaction store. The instance label was gone too.

 Soon after, I started to put two and two together, my body had died when I entered the dungeon, the stress and excitement had been too much, and I was likely brain dead. But if that was true, how was I still conscious, how could I still be playing the game? 

I got my answer when I saw other players head into the dungeon. 36 of them, all talking about "Where is he? It says he should be in this somewhere." And "you crazy bastard, what makes you think he's still in game? You know he's dead irl right?" They got ambushed by the mobs that had ignored me, they weren't gonna last long. It was 36 against 200. I ran into the fray to help and realized things weren't quite going the same way the game mechanics used to, I yelled out to them, trying to activate my challenging roar to get their attention, and they all fled in terror instead of attacking me. The party didn't see me as my character, but instead as though I was a character in a cutscene, and wondered what had changed the dungeon.

I stayed with this party, and helped them through each encounter, a little nudge here, a perfect block there, a much needed resurrection. The game no longer applied to me as it did them. I felt invincible, but then the party decided to call it quits for the night and teleport out using one of the checkpoints. I went to follow them out, and was unable to activate the teleporter. I sat in the game waiting at the checkpoint for what seemed like a few seconds, and the party came back. They all exclaimed "Thank God that phantom is still here!" Several hours had passed in what only seems like a few seconds for me. 

The party cleared the dungeon, thanked the phantom they never knew was me, and said "Man, Teag would have wanted to be a part of this! We'll be sure to list him on our clear party, even though he wasn't here physically, it still felt like he helped out!" 

From thereon forward, only one instance was ever dedicated to a clear in the dungeon, it was the unnamed instance, where a phantom would be waiting for your party, open arms to aide you through your quest. They named the phantom Teag in my honor, and no one has ever known it really was me, running through the "unbeatable" dungeon time after time again, assisting these adventurers wherever I could, becoming a permanent part of the last piece of content in this game I had faithfully dedicated myself to.