“So you don’t like whiskey?” Honey  asked, setting the glass down on the bar counter. They were alone in the bar, not a single soul had stopped by that day, with the exception of him: Mairn, a stubborn old, immortal Orc. “That’s a shame. It seems to be all there is for today.” Mairn swiped the shot of whiskey off the counter, staining the hardwood paneled floor. Honey slyly glanced at it, ignoring the seething look of rage the ugly Orc gave her. 

“You know damn well you weren’t supposed to be seen.” He said, in a quiet whisper. Honey rolled her eyes, but let him continue. “Do you have any idea the parrel you put the Demon world in today? With that little...Stunt on the Today Show that you pulled off in front of hundreds of FUCKING mortals?!” Honey gracefully stood up from her seat, making sure that the golden dress she wore didn’t catch on any of the rusted nails holding the seat in place. She bent down, and picked up a piece of the shattered glass that Mairn had so carelessly tossed aside. 

“The Today Show was just a one off thing. You know how I get at the turn of a century, Mairn.” She said. She handed him the glass, and grabbed the sheer white evening gloves she had taken off to serve their drinks. They were stained here, and there with Whiskey. But Honey didn’t see anything she couldn’t fix. “Presentation is important to a woman. Especially one of my color.” Mairn shook his head disdainfully. 

“This is not a race thing, Honey. The humans don’t give a shit about that anymore, you know it.” He said. “This is about you getting off on all the attention and fame. God, you’re predictable. You do this every few...centuries or millenniums before “dying” in some ridiculous fashion-”

“I died wonderfully in the year 1921. A rising hollywood starlet commiting suicide over lost love?” She picked at the hems of her gloves, straightening them out. “Two lesbian lovers willing to end it all because of their husbands...I heard they made a movie about it.” 

“There was no movie. There has never been a movie about two lesbian lovers-” Mairn stopped that line of thought. “That’s not what we’re here to discuss, we’re here to discuss how you keep doing this fame thing with the mortals.” Honey groaned.

“Do you have any idea as to why I even do it, Mairn? Being undead is not all it’s cracked up to be, you know.” She said. Mairn scoffed. 

“You wanna complain about eternal life? Look at me! I’m 300 pound Orc with warts and green skin. Why the hell was I, an ugly ass Orc, gifted with Immortality? I dunno. But I know one thing, and that’s that if the humans find out about me, they’ll hunt me down and kill me! What don’t you get about that?” Yelled Mairn. Honey scrunched her face in displeasure. 
“I think humans are harmless. The power’s we have, the things we’ve seen them do. We could easily take them.” She said. “I’m not afraid of humans. And I refuse to let the council punish me for not ignoring how absolutely pitiful they are.”

Mairn sighed deeply. He knew trying to convince her was pointless. So he stopped trying. “Get me another shot will you? Whiskey doesn’t sound too bad now.”
