I kept peddling as hard as I could. I could hear the wind behind me, oh god I hope that was the wind. I was panting, my lungs burning. The sheath of my swords was clattering against my back and my holster against my hip as I heard the noises of the town coming alive around me, glass shattering and doors creaking. Shufflers started pouring out of the store fronts around me put I just kept peddling. Well, until my front tire shredded itself open on some broken glass. And I took a dive. Rather nasty. Some small piece of rebar popped it's way into my gut. But I couldn't let that stop me, not with all these shufflers about. I heaved myself up, pressure with one hand against the wound, pistol in the other, and continued to limp along as fast as I could. I was dripping blood everywhere. But no time for first aid. Had to go. Too many following me. Needed to lay low somewhere. The rebar was still sticking out of my side awkwardly, and every step I took felt like a mile, but I couldn't stop. I trudged my way into a nearby shop, barely limping faster than the zombies I was running from. This is what you get for traveling alone I guess. I was starting to get a bit dizzy. I was losing way too much blood, and the wound was nasty. I slammed the door shut behind me and started walking across the creaky floor boards, as they groaned under my weight fuck, this building was old as shi- and that's about when the floor gave out, and I found my self tumbling down into a mess of straw and twigs. As I lay there bleeding out, concussed, I heard a faint chattering, and then, I saw something tiny and fluffy move out of the corner of my eye before I blacked out. I'd always loved squirrels. They were small, and adorable, and energetic. So whenever I was riding on a trail I was always careful not to hit them, to give them plenty of space. I'd only come close to hitting one once, and it was a long time ago. As I lay there, bleeding to death, blacked out, all I was dreaming about was not some bright white light, or blackness, or cold, or warm. No. It was simply the look on that squirrels tiny visage as I swerved right, hard, and took a header into a tree rather than squish him. 

I don't know why that was what I dreamed of, or what exactly happened, but what I do know is that I woke up with my wound stitched shut, a bag of food and water, some Vicodin, and a warm rifle laying next to me. The trigger guard was covered in tiny scratches. Most of the straw was packed around me now, like a bed or a nest, very different from what little I saw of it as I crashed into it from the floor above. As I packed up my new gear and stumbled up the stairs, still waiting for the vicodin to start working, I noticed the absolute quiet in the air. I stumbled outside, carefully avoiding the hole that plunged right back into the basement. As the door creaked open I expected to hear the usual moans and rattling, but instead all I heard was the wind. The real wind. Just a nice, gentle breeze. Nothing but that. As I climbed onto my bike, I felt the need to peddle out of there as fast as possible. I don't know what it was about that place, but something just didn't feel right. Like someone was watching me. At first it was uncomfortable, creepy even. But then it felt.... right, somehow. I biked out of that town, and though I haven't been back since, I've never stopped wondering what the hell exactly happened there. 

But I think I've got an idea, at least.