It’s really ridiculous, this game we play.

I walk into a bank, covered in bone armor that’s 90% decoration and 10% nearly-unbreakable nano-latticed calcium bonded to my skeleton. After a few civilians realize that yes, that is Bramblebone and yes, he is robbing this bank, they try to flee. Well, most do. A few of the younger ones pull out their phones and start recording. Excellent, this should be a good day.

I flex my mind and walls spring up around the exits, festooned with spikes and grinning skulls, cutting short any escape attempts. I put on my best grin, all teeth and terrible charisma, and clasp my hands behind my back.

“Good afternoon, ladies, gentlemen and other,” I say, nodding to a person with a shirt that says ‘zers’ on it. The amount of flack I received for threatening to castrate the Mighty Thong (who is apparently a trans woman?) was intolerable, and I’ll be damned if it happens again. “This is exactly what it appears to be. If you stay out of my way and don’t try and call the police, then everything will work out fine.” The silent alarm has likely already been tripped, and she probably already knew. We’re close like that.

The tellers start pulling open their registers, but I wag a finger at them. “Ah ah ah. I have no use for paper money.” It’s even true. Nanomaterials sell well enough that I could probably buy England if I really wanted to. “I am but one man, and require a more... concentrated form of wealth. Open up the vault,” I order, jerking a chin at the big steel door, just visible behind the bulletproof glass.

One of the older employees complies, tapping a string of numbers into a keypad. The door hisses open and I give him a nod before going into the vault. Could they close the door behind me? Yes. But I’ve trained this city well. One person gets to act against me, and one person only.

It takes fifteen minutes to empty all the safety deposit boxes. Fifteen minutes of cutting open little metal boxes and looking inside. Diamonds go in the sack, documents get shredded, and paintings get admired. I even manage to find someone’s engagement ring. Wonder what it was doing in a bank.

“Come out with you hands up!”

Ah. There she is. This time I don’t have to try to smile. I walk out of the bank with a sack full of shiny rocks in one hand and a ring in the other. As an afterthought I drop the walls at the exit and motion for the civilians to flee. Wouldn’t want her to get worried about collateral damage now, would we?

I exit the bank amongst a crowd of civilians, half a head or more taller than any of them, and gaze at my nemesis. Not quite the right word, but when I said future lover she took it poorly. It took no fewer than three dead for her to suit up again.
There she stands, knives up and knees bent. Professional heroes have skin-tight suits that show off photoshopped abdomens and flawless breasts, made of properly bullet-resistant material. They get belts that have everything from emergency stabilizers to breath mints, all available at the touch of a button. Their powers let them fly or warp time or any other number of things.

She shops at thrift stores and Army Surplus. She has knives, yes, but no monomolecular edges. No plasma-transformation capabilities. No vibrations. Just dead steel. She can heal quickly, quickly enough that she can bounce back from anything that doesn’t outright annihilate her on a atomic level. The greatest recovery, without an offensive skill to go with it. A C-list ability, generously B-list if you think about the economic applications.

Weakest, everybody’s punching bag.

She asked for that name, you know?

“So, the Weakest comes to challenge me again?” I laugh, relaxing into the pre-dance banter. I toss the ring at her. “How about you take this and I go on my merry way? I can’t be bothered to fight you now.” A bald faced lie. If she takes the ring and walks, the whole day is a waste. But maybe she does take it.

The ring strikes her chest and falls to the ground. Thata girl. She cracks her neck once. “Can’t do that. Not my money.”

I assume a shocked look. “Money? That was a ring I worked very hard to get! I would never try to bribe a hero!” Try implies the possibility of failure. I am very good at figuring out people’s prices and breaking points.

Except for her.

“Gonna come quietly?” she asks, slowing moving up, one step at a time. Each leg crossing the other, deceptively unstable. I drop the bag of rocks and form a pair of clubs, no more than a meter long.

“Of course not,” I respond. Then I cover my mouth with bone and we dance.

It’s a relatively tame affair. I use only conventional weapons, none smaller than a steak knife. She hasn’t used grenades since I threw one into a half-full tour bus, and guns were out when ricochets hit a family of four. The police show up about five minutes into the fight, herding away the phone-filmers and groupies. They learned not to interfere.

The dances tend to be pretty similar. I won’t kill her and she can’t kill me. So I fight for as long as it flows or until I get tempted to do something scary. But she always tries something new at the end.

This time she dashes in, ducking a half-hearted mace to the skull. Her own knife goes up her arm, obscuring my vision with blood. Brutal and imaginative. If I hadn’t killed all the clone-capable supers, I’d think she was made for me.

I extend microscopic cilia from my armor to get blindsight and feel steel prickling at my neck.

“Yield,” she says, vocal chords already repaired.

“I yield,” I say, the smile hidden by the bone and audible. “You win again, Weakest.”

The cops come up and cuff me. It’s not a new experience, but being blinded for it is. The cilia are still extending outward, and I get a rough wire frame of her smile as she talks to the press.

Hmmm. I recognize that face. Gizmada, an up-and-coming villain. A techie that specializes in time. She’s sneaking forward, slowly, hand reaching into her pocket. I check where she’s looking. Towards Weakest. An assassination attempt, then. Maybe to make a name. Maybe for fun. The cops grab me (gently, they know this for the farce it is) and lead me towards the squad car. I’ll have to make this fast.

A spike of bone, no thicker that spider silk, from my ankle. Supporting struts into the ground, keeping it solid and on target. Less than a second later, it goes through Gizmada’s shoe, into her skin. There it expands, going through her veins, through the passages of her heart, and into her brain. Cut a few key blood vessels, pull out the bone, and she drops to the ground. The autopsy will say she died of an aneurysm.

The cops put me in the back and one wipes my eyes clean.

“Thank you,” I tell her, smiling gently. She swallows and nods politely. I discreetly put a hundred dollar bill in her pocket and look towards Weakest.

I’ll tell her one day, that it wasn’t a joke, that I give a damn. But then she’d ask me how many people I’ve killed. How many I’ve done so preemptively. And then we’ll be back at it, except this time she’ll really be trying to kill me.

I smile as we pull away, heading towards the station. I lean forward and put my hands on the steel grate separating the back from the front, leaving the cut cuffs to dangle from around my wrists.

“Mind turning on the radio?” I ask the officer, this time smiling pleasantly.
