"Whoa whoa slow the fuck down dude" I screamed but he was having none of it "You're coming with me, whether you want to or not". This is like the 3rd time he's forcefully dragged me in. Ever since I cheated Death by challenging her to poker and got a flush first time 'round, now her demon friends used me as a lucky charm.

I arrived at the table still kicking and screaming before Lady Death herself shushed me with the dull edge of her scythe. "Oh Jack, back again I see?" She punctuated the insinuating question with a chuckle. "Yes yes and you look as good as ever" I said. Frequent visits to the poker table have made her less scary, in fact I've taken a liking to her, why I came back to life again and not join her here I don't know.

"Hey Jack you can bone her later, you're my goodluck charm tonight. Don't want to rub off that luck onto Death." Azgoroth said, pissed off from the sounds of it. I shrugged at Death, she replied with a wink and a giggle under her breath. "All in then Azgoroth?" Said Yolzuf "You bet your fucking fucking leg and I'm all in" he replied with a smug. Death sighs "I think I have some poor souls left" she rummages from her cloak and take out a handful of bright glints and smacks em on the table.

Cards were dealt, by the look on Azgoroth's face he didn't get a good hand, he turned to me, and I can feel the disappointment in his face. I think I felt my blood run cold, *Shit, need to get out of here*. I can feel heat coming off of em, my heart was pumping, sweat poured down my face and adrenaline coursed through my veins. Death putting her hand on my thigh actually made me jump amd about to start running and she held me down. "Relax Jack its just a poker game, nothing's going to happen to you" a wide grin plastered across her face.

"A pair of 5s" Yolzuf sighs "Fuck yea a pair of 6s" Azgoroth screamed excitingly "Think I'm gonna bail" she yawned "Callin it quits" her cards reveal she had the winning hand, 4 aces. The two demons went slackjawed "And he's coming with me" "I kinda wanted to sle--" she kissed me "You're not the only one to have taken a liking to someone at the poker table." Just like that we vanished into her room.

"Did you seriously lose just to bail me out?" She smiles "Well either that or you could go home in pieces" I sighed, she's right. She pushed me to her bed, I don't like being at the bottom so I tried pulling her with me and get on top. As I tried to pull her my hand went through her.

"I call the shots here Jack. Just like on the day of your supposed death. I guess you could say I got a bone to pick with you."

The rest of the night went smooth.