Yeah, I remember the day of New Sky. Everyone was excited. Finally there was evidence of a higher power, or alien life. The first planes went up, we took soil samples, and everything confirmed they really were made of the same stuff as Earth. Carbon dating and a whole mess of other tests. They were as real as the ground you and I are standing on now. 


Then the politics started. Within just a few days people were planting flags all over everything. New Jerusalem was the first. Five different countries all claimed it. They declared it the most holy city in the New Sky. Fighting broke out. It didn't stay there for long. All the old rivalries. Everyone wanted their own piece of land in the sky. Commercial flight ground to a halt as militaries around the world tried to shut down travel to them. The world economy depended more on air travel back then. 


Whole world economy tanked. We had the housing crisis, that was the start. But it was just one bad news story after the next. People started getting desperate. Hundreds of millions who were unemployed, starving, or had no place to live... they tried getting up there, try to start fresh. It was a great idea. Make a utopia. Utopias never work out. I don't know what they teach you in school today but yeah, we had our dreamers. 


Look at our sky now, kid. It didn't used to look that way. Most days were blue skies and sun, all over. Not this constant grey cloud. It wasn't so cold down there. 


I suppose we're the lucky ones. The long winter claimed billions. There's whole cities down there, bigger than any of the ones up here, and they're all dead. Most of them weren't bombed. But it didn't take much. Ah, well, you know that. They tell you that much. We won't be able to go down there for generations. 


Humanity lives up here now. Maybe whoever -- or whatever -- made these knew. Maybe this is like they say, an act of compassion by God. Our future is here now. It'll be hundreds of years before we can go back down, learn the truth about what happened. By then it won't matter, who am I kidding. 


At least we know why they float now. Maybe killing Earth is what finally lets us reach the stars. They've already put one of the smaller islands into space. We can do it for all of them, but everything we need is still down on the surface. 


Sorry kid, just an old woman. Off you go to reclamation. You're doing us all a great service. You'll see. In fifty years, we'll have enough metal and raw materials to leave here, go to the Moon. It has everything we need, we just have to get there. But we need to go down, before we can go up. It's as true for your job today as it is for all of us. What goes down, must come up. Keep your hood down, watch your counter, and come home safe. Grandma will be upset if you get sick down there. Good luck.


