She just wanted a fun night.  

I had made my wish and learned to live with the consequences.  8pm was my prep time. Get everything in a row. I need tasks.  Paper, pencils, building material is good too.  During a rebellious period I tried to beat it. To take back control. I would lock myself in an empty room. But no, 8:18 rolls around and I'm exhausted from the workout, the dust has been sorted by size, I self-taught myself Italian, the walls have 3 novels on them and I'm down 2 pints of blood.   Once I tried sleeping pills but apparently I just did it all sleepwalking.   Then I went to a professional anaesthesiologist and now my dreams are all catalogued and a subconscious butler construct asks what I'll be dreaming each night. 

So I can't fight it. All I can do is direct it towards good.   And... it's useful.  Of course it's useful. It's practically a super-power. I'm wealthy beyond my dreams. I've got a great house, a beautiful wife, numerous publishing deals, and a number of eager scientists on speed-dial. 

The wife though.  She didn't really understand.   We were in love, and she knew my secret. She knew that 8-8:30 was the time. The preparation was very important, as is the harvesting afterwards. But last  month she had her own preparation.  I really can't blame her. She just didn't know.  This is something spouses do right?  The silk, the straps, the bunny ears. 8:06 I see her, right before I lock the door to the study.  She comes in wearing that netting and my brain completely stops functioning.   I'm the one to blame. I should have stopped her. I should have pushed her out.  But I'm on top of her at 8:15.   

I don't remember much of 8:17, but I'm sore afterwards.   I've asked her about it and she always just gets a glazed look and a funny smile.   I liked that.     She thought that would be it.  I mean, we took precaution.   But she didn't understand.  Today I came back from the hospital alone.  

What are we going to do with 500 babies? 

It was a very productive night. 