"NEXT! Number 89!"
I flinch to the yell of a woman. Where the hell am I? This room smells of old people. It looks like a waiting room and all the seats are filled up with people who look like they've had an accident.
I hold in my hand what looks like a ticket. I try to focus my tired eyes on it. It says "Afterlife reception clinic -- Your death is our fortune! -- #6991".

I don't really get if I'm dreaming but I can't be fucked to question what's going on.

"NEXT! Number 90!"
That yell came from an obese lady behind the windowed reception room. She holds a remote control for the tiny TV next to her in one hand, and a cigarette in the other. Smoke is pouring out from the small crack in the window.

A old jewish couple reacts to her call and gets up. How do I know they are a couple? They wouldn't stop arguing. 
The man was kind of done with the argument and didn't seem to care anymore.
The woman was leaning on one asscheek while berating the old man "Why did you have to convince me? The doctor told me no more dookie love when you're on viagra! My hemorrhoids won't take it!"

The couple approached the obese reception lady and she let them through a white door next to the reception. A bright light flared and choir singing poured out when it opened. The couple seemed very eager.
Then the door closed, and the room returned to the stench of old people.

Blocking my vision of the white door was a boy with a bowl cut and a blank face. He doesn't look like the sharpest tool in the box.
He holds a glue jar and a brush, and his mouth is filled with dried glue. He looks generelly confused and embaressed.

This was becoming too much for me. I went over to the fat smoking lady to ask what was going on. She was too busy watching her spanish soap opera on television instead of answering me. Without giving me eye-contact she slides over a leaflet to me. It reads "Welcome to the Afterlife Atheist! You were dead wrong! -- Have you no seat reserved in Paradise? Don't worry! For a small part of your soul our finest brokers can find a nice spot for you and your family in the seventh circle of hell! CALL NOW! 666-1001"

I had to take a cigarette to calm down. What the hell is going on here?
"Hey you! No smoking in here!" The fat lady in the box yelled and pointed to a sign on the wall; A cigarette with a line through it.

Suddenly, noise from a distant scuffle comes from behind the Exit door. I say Exit door, but the typical Exit sign looks different. The man on this sign is not running towards a door. He's doing the limbo.
The muffled sound from the struggle gets more intense. I took a step back from the door. Then suddenly the Exit door opens. A guy with a sickle, a black cape and a hoodie enters.
"Look Greg, SHE touched ME! It's not my fault she died..."
A frantic scream comes out of the door and a flying shoe hits the man dressed as Death in the head. He exclaimed in sudden pain.
"Fuck your shit Greg! You know what? I DID fuck your mother on purpose!" Then he laughed hysterically.
As he shut the Exit door ill-tempered, the sign of the man doing the limbo fell from the wall and hit him on the foot. 
As he leaned over in agony he dropped a weird coin on the floor. He didn't seem to notice it. 
After a bit of swearing he went over to the vending machine, fist bumping the fat lady on the way.

I slowly walk over to this weird coin on the floor and pick it up. It is heavy, and it vibrates in my hand. Its color I can't describe. It seems to change color as I tilt it. At a certain angle it looks like there is a pentagram etched in to it. 
I feel like I hear a faint scream coming from the vibration. Like... There's someone trapped inside...

"God damnit! I know I had money on me. Where the fuck did I put it?" Said this the guy dressed as Death.
He was hitting the vending machine while checking his pockets for the lost coin.

So, if this really is the afterlife, this is death? I better not fuck with him. "Is this your coin?" I asked.
He turned around, and through the empty void of darkness that was his face he answered "Aw man! You're a lifesaver! I've been craving for a Monster all day. I owe you big time, kid."
He took the coin, popped it in the slot, typed on the number pad and held his hands on the glass in anticipation as the Monster can slowly found its way to the hatch.

"NEXT!" The fat lady pauses to cough "Number... Eh... 91!"
I look at my ticket again "#6991..." and my left eyebrow started twitching.
The Glue-boy is still looking around embaressed and then attempts to put more glue in his mouth. 
I can't stand it in here.
I turn back to Death.
"Look, death, I need to get out of her. Any chance you can give me a hand?"
He opens his Monster can.
"That's a poor choice of words kid! He he... Oh, I forgot... You're already dead so that joke doesn't work. Eh, whatever."
I stare at him with a mildly sad face.
He looks at me, then the Monster can, then back at me.
"Sure kid, I'll help you out. Hold my Monster."
He looks around for a second, and then approaches a very old tiny lady with a crooked back, cane and tinted glasses. She holds a ticket in her hand.
Death pulls up his sleeve to reveal his bony hand. He puts it infront of the ladys face and waves. 
The lady does not respond. 
He then switches her ticket with mine and grabs his Monster can from my hand and takes a sip.
The ticket said "...#92".
At first I refused to take the ticket and made a face of discomfort towards Death.
Death reacted "What? She's blind! She won't know a thing! And I think she has Alzheimers aswell so she won't be mad. Time will fly by for her till..." He paused to look at the ticket "6991! Haha! Wow! You sure won the lottery meeting me"

"NEXT! Number 92!" Yelled the fat lady.
Death gave me the ticket and pushed me towards the door "You're up kid!"
I hold the ticket with both hands, still hesitant, and Death opened the white door for me. Clouds pour out of the entrance. As I stepped in I felt myself get dragged in towards the light. I didn't move my legs, yet my body was moving.
"Don't forget the last step of the escalator. It's easy to trip with all this smoke. They really overdo it with these smoke machines, I tell ya..."
Death stands at the entrance and gestures thumbs up and sips from the Monster can.
"By the way kid, when you get upstairs, forget about the other gods. Only talk to my friend Hades, he'll hook you up. Just remember to say that I sent you."