Sometimes it was for ransom. Sometimes it was for food. Most often, if a dragon plucked a maiden from the Earth, it was for sheer amusement. Being ageless and neigh invincible must get boring, given how many of the damned beasts seemed to delight in seeing what sort of resistance we can mount against them, if any at all.

But these were supposed to be the woes of empires, not the bane of my small hold. Westwind? A kingdom of that size has thousands, if not tens of thousands of holds within its border; so it stands to reason that some of it's many mountains would harbor ancient beasts that see walled cities as a feeding bowl. The same could be said for Avandale, or even the damn Shurks to North -- but Cold Harbor?! Why here?

I have no delusions of grandeur about myself, my reign, or my lands. Hells, the only reason the larger kingdoms haven't bothered to conquer my lands is because we offer no worthwhile resources or strategic importance. Ours was a farming colony that gained independence when Old King Roltus of Tarrg decided our little island nation was "inconveniently expensive" to maintain and abandoned us. Even my position as king is mostly ceremonial. So it should shock none who come across my words this day that the last thing I ever thought I would see alive in these lands was a dragon snatching my daughter from the docks as a hawk might swoop a fish.

That was 3 weeks ago and in the days since my sleepless pacing and worry had turned to mournful weeping and an increased familiarity with my bed quarters. We have no army. What arms we have are simply the collections of merchants or armaments that were abandoned at our ports by ships looking to lighten their load. So... I did the only thing I could...

I sent word through every passing sailor in port that anyone who returns my daughter to me alive shall be welcome to anything he like from my hold, including my crown if it pleases him. In the weeks since, it would seem as if I would be keeping my crown but losing my daughter. Surely by this time, she was gone.

This brings me to today. I lay in bed looking at the painting above the fireplace. A commissioned oil work of myself and Lilli cherishing the baby Taya... How I regret not having another painting of Taya made in the seventeen years since then. Now her face lives on only when I close my eyes. 

A shadow eclipses the light of my window for a brief moment as I turn in bed. Tomorrow I'll pool my resources and arrange a funeral for the townsfolk to attend. If possible I would like to --

"Sir!" A distant shout came through my door... I've asked not to be disturbed during these harrowing times, so I toss in bed and ignore it for the briefest of seconds before my door is flung open.

"Sir, a dragon is circling the keep!" Remma shouted, his face pale and dripping with sweat. 

The beast returns to taunt me! Today, I leave my meaningless existence beyond and join my wife and child in the world behind! Without a word to Remma I run to him, take my sword from the wall above the doorway, and proceed to the courtyard.

The sun blinds my eyes as this was the first time they'd looked skyward in many days. I stand in the courtyard, sword to the sky, screaming obscenities both real and improvised while my bed robe flutters with the each flap of the mighty beasts wings. My blood boiling, it hadn't struck me as odd that the creature was making effort to land directly in front of me.

As it landed it's large, looming shadow fell over me and the sudden change of light blinded my eyes once more. I charged forward, more intent on being killed than killing - but that wouldn't stop me from making damned sure the beast felt me stab at it all the way down.

As I ran my eyes took focus of the light and saw something smaller racing towards me. It's tail?

"Father stop! She saved me!" Taya's voice cried as she crashed into me, her eyes filled with tears.

"I am here about that reward you promised" breathed the dragon, with a chuckle in her tone.