I couldn’t believe it.

“The cat!” I shouted, my voice pressed back into my throat falling short of everyone else.  I struggled to free myself from flat palm of the G pushing me into the enveloping coach seat.

The overhead had gaped open, a mouth mirroring all of us in the horror we all felt.  Inside, however, sat the one and only thing that could bring peace and comfort:  the cat.  This cat.  This one singular being which had built within me a mountain of faith, trust and love.  This guide which had brought me out of life threatening situations eight times now in my life.  She was my talisman, my white rabbit.  And no matter what the consequences may be I was determined to follow her now.

I ripped myself from the confining physics as if by superhuman force.  Perhaps she’d endowed me with that, but I didn’t have time for thoughts like that now.  I blinked them away and focused.  She jumped down and over the head of a purple faced scream and he grabbed her by the neck.

“No!”  Every memory of her inside of me welled up and volcanoed out of me at that sight.  It was for nought.  The man was gripped by his inevitable death and he squeezed til her neck popped.  That’s what broke him out of his nightmare and, by the looks of it, sent him hurling into the depths of a Salvador Dali painting.  He bewilderingly looked at what had not been in his hands a moment ago and released it.  He sat in uncomprehending silence as the cat, my cat, slipped loosely from his grasp and cascaded onto the sloped floor.

It followed the aisle down and in spite of all that was happening in me internally, one thought took control.

“Follow me.”

I jumped an eight year old’s jump at the top of a slide and gathered force.  My cat was waiting for me at the door, its lifeless eyes still somehow conveying a look of anticipation, as if there were a warm hearth  and a bowl of milk waiting behind there.  My impact sent us hurtling into the cockpit and all I could feel was splintered shoulder.  When I opened my eyes, the cat was a limp washcloth hung up to dry on the yoke.  

“I’m not a pilot,” I thought.  “Shut up,” was my retort as I wrenched the captain from his seat, took hold of my cat’s perch and strained against the electrical storm in my shoulder.  

I held this position eternally, every ounce of my being a physical expression of my faith in the cat.  I held it until blackness was all that existed.

“I’m floating.  I’m in pain.”  These were the only thoughts that mustered through the dream-like state I was in.

In the distance something small was calling out to me.