I'm not one to get annoyed but this really puts a dent in my evening plans ,I do hope my meat doesn't get spoiled. And to be caught by an attempt this amateur..

...Eleven...

..Pathetic, a truly abismal attempt at a kidnapping I must  say such a weak overhand knot with what feels to be a 10.4 guage rope, a bit to easy to slip free from experience...

...Twelve...

I see he went for the semi see through bags, personally I found the black out bags give the victim more of a sensory deprivation you can really see the panic.

...Thirteen.

*Brakes screech* 

Pshh thirteen miles, far to close from the pick up point it's almost like he wants to be caught.

The van doors swing open, I get man handled out the back, my feet squelch against the soft mud. I feel a sharp prick in my back , obviously the bigger prick decided a knife would be his prefered cutlery.

1 corridor east , 1 stairwell right and a set of double doors and one cold chair, interesting building layout not a standard house.

Hand tied behind my back, With my feet tied to the chair, he begins to remove the bag from my face.

Rightio this is it. lights, camera, action

"Please mister I just want to get home ....I'll give you whatever you ask for money, sex ... Just please don't kill me..."

"Hahaha, do you know who I am?"

"Nooo....should I?"

"Joey Bakersville, DannyTrenton,Simone Gadiva..."

"Sounds like a personality disorder mate"

I saw the anger flash his eyes before I know it a fist connects with my face I guess that's what I get for running my mouth, although like everything else he has shown me weak..

"Interrupt me again and you'll learn the smell of your seared skin... Now where was I , do you know what they all had in common , Me . A craftsman in the art of our organic bodies,and you today are blessed by the heavens to be my fourth masterpiece, so for the next few weeks your mine boy"

Ahh the Pitchfork Picasso , truly admire his dedication to the art. I mean messy for sure but what artist doesn't get stuck in, it's a shame he picked the wrong subject for his endeavour perhaps in another life we could have done a Collab, 

it's all a moot point now nearly slipped out of my restraints and there's a knife 4 paces to my left just need to wait on the opportunity now, I can see him now meat 74, a bit of cumin paprika truly delicious






