“*The Beast is deeply deceitful...a tricky opponent to deal with.*” 


“*The beast is a predator. It cares for nothing. It seeks only to destroy.*”


“*It should also go without saying, the Beast is ravening, depraved, vile....bloodthirsty.*”

Howard smiled at the old man. “Lighten up, Grandpa. Here, have a drink,” he handed the geezer his glass of pink champagne. 

The man looked back at him as if he wanted to say something, then thought better of it. He muttered something under his breath, downed the drink, and walked away.

Penny started laughing. “The sun still goes to some people’s heads I guess,” she said.

*Good lord is she gorgeous,* Howard thought. She was quite literally the most beautiful woman he could imagine. Everyone received *makeovers* when they checked into the hotel. Sometimes he wondered what she had looked like when she was alive. Didn’t really matter though.

“Let’s go back to the courtyard,” he said, “I think there’s gonna be live music. You up for some dancing?”

She tucked her chin and looked at him in mock offense, her large green eyes wide and playful. “When have I ever *not* been up for music and dancing, Howie.”

Time passed oddly in the Hotel. They danced for what felt like hours, but it could’ve just as easily been days or seconds. It wouldn’t have mattered. 

One didn’t *need* to sleep in the Hotel, but most did anyway. Out of habit, maybe for a reason to hold a lover in their arms, maybe just to break the monotony. Everyone *atleast* had a bed in their room. So when they were done dancing, they went back to Howard’s room and leapt into the bed.

After another passing of time, the amount of which being equally irrelevant and incalculable, they decided to head down to the pool.

The Nightman’s low voice boomed over the loudspeaker as they walked, “Attention all guests, from now on we are enacting a buddy system. Grab a friend, don’t go anywhere alone, and PLEASE stay out of the Hotel’s East corridor until further notice.”

Howard and Penny turned to each other. Wanna be buddies,” They said in unison. Both laughed like little kids.

Their friend Toby bumped into them at the pool’s bar. “Hey, you guys hear that announcement,” he asked.

“Yup, pretty weird.” 

Toby chuckled. “No kidding. I’ve been hearing alot of weird shit lately. Apparently Chang Zi went missing a while back. And Mariah Du Blonc was telling me she followed a cleaning crew to the Eastern Corridor some time ago and found a room *covered* in blood and guts. She sounded pretty queasy..” 

Penny waved him off, “People are always making up stories to get attention. It’s the boredom...”

“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Toby said, “Whatever, this buddy thing was an excellent excuse for me to hit on Chip Zulo. We agreed to partner up!”

Howard frowned, “Chip Zulo? What about Karen?” Karen was Toby’s wife on Earth. They had both bitten it in the same motorcycle accident, apparently.

“Karen can kiss my ass,” Tobias said, “She buddied up with some Roman Legionary.”

*Dang, those Legionaries really pull,* Howard thought, stealing a look at Penny. He could tell the news of Toby and Karen was bumming her out. She was petrified about them being split up someday, always going on about how she’d go nuts if she had to be there alone.

“Hey Penny, what do you say we hit the buffet?”

After a momentary hesitation, she pulled her eyes away. “Sure,” she said, “And I’m really sorry about Karen, Toby.”

She held Howard’s hand tightly as they strolled into the Hotel’s Buffet District. 

“Promise me you’re not gonna ditch me for a Chip Zulo someday,” Penny said.

He smiled at her, “Don’t go talking to any Legionaries and we won’t have to worry about that.”

She stopped in place. “Promise.”

“Okay, I promise.” 

The buffet room was packed, as usual. Even in the afterlife, it seemed, people loved food. The good news was that once they made it to the buffet table, the feast could be *endless* if they desired it to be. 

Food, the best anyone could ever imagine, spawned instantly. Anything they could want. Right there. Ready to be devoured. 

Penny tried to say something, but her voice was drowned out by the crowd.

“What?” He shouted.

“I’M GONNA GO GET SOME MORE CHAMPAGNE.”

“ALRIGHT! GET ME SOME TOO!” 

“FINE, BUT YOU GET ME A PLATTER OF FRIED CALAMARI!”

“SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN.”

The best way to tackle the long lines was splitting up. They’d learned that long ago.

They made a great team, he and her....

Howard had dozed off into a daydream when the first *boom* came and rattled the room.

*BOOM*

*BOOM*

*BOOM*

With each thud came a minor earthquake. The entire mob in the buffet room went still. It was quiet enough to hear a pin drop.

*The fuck could this be,* Howard thought.

The wall near the beverage line came crashing down in an instant. All chaos broke loose. People scattering, screaming, pushing eachother to get away.

Through the cloud of dust and debris, Howard could see nothing but the shadow of a mountain. Massive purplish-red eyes burned through the smoke. They seemed to give off a faint glow, enough to illuminate a tangled knot of tentacles that could have been either nose or mouth.

Howard shoved through the crowd.

*Toward the Beast... Toward Penny.*

“PENNY,” he screamed, “PENNY!”

He found her bleeding on the floor. Her leg was crushed beneath a large piece of the marble wall. 

“Oh god, *Penny*.”

She opened her eyes lazily and he let out a sigh of relief. He had feared the worst. 

“H-Howard....what happened?”

Howard took a step toward her, “Don’t worry, babe. It’ll be-“

A warm, wet, blast of air stopped him. He looked up slowly, mouth hanging open.

Those hateful eyes loomed before him, inconceivably large. They blazed with a sinister aura of rage. 

Then something that could have been described as a finger emerged from the smoke and pressed down on Penny’s leg. 

Like a wave of muddy water came a deep rumble of laughter as Pennny screamed in agony. It began to drag her slowly away.

“HOWARD, HELP! HELP ME,” she cried. 

He rushed toward her, desperate and crazed, but a wall of flesh smashed into him. He was lifted off his feet and sent backward, immediately unconscious.

The words of the old man were the last thing to pass through his mind.

*Ravening, depraved, vile....bloodthirsty...*


-

Thanks for reading! Part two will follow shortly! (Gonna start that right away instead of editing so please forgive any spelling/grammatical errors that might be there)
