Poverty was worse than Corpilea. At least everyone was in the same boat as far as suffering from Corpilea goes. Everyone understands the symptoms; the initial muscle weakness and rash. How without treatment things seem to get better, until you become increasingly anxious, to the point where your actions seem completely absurd, and you go insane. The insanity itself is just a symptom of a larger problem; your nervous system shutting down, your whole body firing off every little neuron it can, struggling desperately to make sense of anything before its complete collapse. And then you die. At least, in some cases. Luckily, most people merely developed a rash, some acute anxiety, and when the meds were released, they were able to mourn those they'd lost, and go on forgetting Corpilea even existed. Those who had suffered some emotional trauma or had underlying mental health issues weren't as lucky. I was lucky to be healthy enough, and popping a pill everyday didn't seem like a big deal. It's the god damn 21st century; everyone's on some kind of medication, what's another pill to add to the list? 

For me, obviously too much to bear. Like I said, poverty is worse than Corpilea. I felt like a bystander in my own life, forced to watch Laura and I argue day in day out, us both trying to scrape by on my shitty wage at the garage. We could barely keep our own damn apartment running; with the constant electrical faults and leaks. It was no surprise when we started to blame each other. Only human, right? We told ourselves all couples fight, we all struggle, hell the whole world has struggled. We'd make it through.

And then that fucking day came. It's funny how the little things ultimately make the difference in how your life pans out. How me failing to fit a wheel properly resulted in a crash. How it cost a family their lives. How it cost me my job. How the stress of unemployment was too much, and how we both sold the apartment. How Laura left me to live with her parents again. My whole life, fucked, just because I made a mistake in work.

Of all the things on my mind when I went out on the streets after Laura left, the meds were the last. I knew she'd taken all the shit out the apartment, including the meds, and I suppose somewhere in the back of my head I knew I'd have to buy more, but it hardly registered. I had forgot to take them for a few days anyway, what with the stress of all that was going on, and besides, I was more concerned by the fact that the bitch had taken my money. Well, the little I had in my wallet. I did realise I couldn't get my meds, but I thought I could deal with a rash and some anxiety for a while. Hell, I was already an emotional wreck. I'd scrape some money together eventually. But anyone who's been on the streets knows the days just blend. One into the next. You sleep when you can get it, not to a routine. Some days just walking around felt too exhausting and painful, but without doing something you'd lose it from boredom. If I had to guess, it was about three days in that I realised I hadn't taken the meds for a week. I noticed cause of the rash on my upper thigh. Classic Corpilea rash. Seen it a thousand times on the news and Internet and shit. It worried me a little, but what could I do? I didn't have a dollar to my name. The only food I'd ate in the last few days was fast food leftovers that people felt 'generous' enough to hand to me instead of flinging in the nearest trash can. I had far more pressing concerns than a little rash.

It had been almost two weeks since my last dose of meds when i started to worry about how much shit I was in. I'd find myself on the corner of some street crying cause I didn't know how to change this shitty situation, I'd worry about how I could get more food, how I could get my job back. I'd worry about whether Laura would ever love me again. I was worried that I'd meet someone I know and they'd see me like this and I wouldn't have an excuse and I'd beg them, for food, water, or any sort of help and they'd shut me down and tell me it's what I deserve for costing that poor innocent family their lives all because I couldn't fix their fucking shitty car and I'd know it was the truth and I'd be stuck out here forever.

Fuck. I couldn't take the streets anymore. I was having nightmares when I got a wink of sleep. I could see how people looked at me, how they knew I was homeless and how the fuckers judged me. I couldn't take begging for another cold fucking slice of pizza from some stuck up little bitch who's daddy bought it in the first place. I couldn't take the smell of shit, which could have been me, but I had now come to associate with those fucking streets. I just couldn't take it. Any of it. 

Thoughts raced through my head. No idea how long, days. Maybe a week. All I could think of was this situation and finding a way out. I had to think. Come up with something, anything. A plan of action. A solution. Then I knew. It was obvious. An epiphany. I'd go see Laura. We're still a couple. We're still in love. She loves me, I love her. We can still solve this, we can still make things right.

I forced myself to walk for god knows how many blocks to her mom's place. I felt so damn nervous knocking on that door. Like a schoolboy asking a girl to prom. I'd not felt those nerves, not ever. They raced through my whole body. It felt kind of exciting, almost surreal. I could solve everything, turn things around with this one meeting. I could-

'Dave?' it was Laura's mother. Standing at the door. I found myself staring at her, not knowing what to say. I hadn't thought through what I was going to say. Shit, what do I say. How do I explain it all?

'Dave? Are you alright?'

A question. I could answer that.

'Yeah Edna, I'm doing fine. Is Laura here? Is she still here? I just, I need to talk to her, you know? I need to ask her-'

Edna frowned and looked me up and down.

'Dave, I don't think it's best if Laura sees you like this. I know it's hard for you, but try get yourself together a bit, huh? Then come back.'

That fucking bitch. She'd stop me seeing Laura? This was my one chance to fix it all. The adrenaline surged through my entire body. This hag wasn't gonna stop me.

I shoved Edna out the way. She went quiet and I started shouting. 

'Laura? LAURA! I know you have to be in here, you told me you were coming here, you said it yourself, you-'

'Dave?' I heard the reply. I turned around to face the stairs. Laura. I knew that voice so well. It sounded calm. I knew we could sort this out.

'Laura, you don't know how happy I am to see you, it's all gonna be okay, I'm sorry, I just I need help now, I-'

'Dave. Listen to what I'm about to say.' She replied to me slowly.

'Yeah, Laura, sure, whatever, just let it out' She breathed in deeply. Almost a sigh.

'Get the fuck out of here before I call the police. I'm not kidding Dave. I don't care what shit you've been through, this is no excuse to come bursting in here, assaulting my fucking mom and asking me for help, as if you deserve it. Have you fucking gone insane?' She was angry. Loud. Louder and louder.

I was stunned. I couldn't believe the words coming out her mouth. It didn't make sense. 

'Assault? I didn't mean to- I just, I need help Laura, I'm not insane, I'm not, I just-'

Then it hit me. The meds. I hadn't taken them in so long and I was still fucking alive. How? It was unbelievable. I hadn't even felt the rash in so long, there were no symptoms at all. How could I be so healthy? I had to tell her. Something had to be going on. Was Corpilea even lethal? Did it even cause the shit the government said it did?

'Dave, please just go before I call the cops. You're scaring the shit out of me.'

'Laura, you don't get it. I've been on the streets for weeks. Fucking WEEKS! So little food, so little water. But I'm still alive. I'm still here. How? How is it fucking possible Laura? I should be dead. I haven't taken my meds in weeks, how am I here? Is it all a lie? Is it-'

'Wait, Dave, slow down.' Laura interrupted me. She seemed calm again now. But worried. Worried about me.

'You haven't taken your meds? I left you a bottle of them Dave, I left you a bag in the apartment with essential shit. I thought you'd be fine. There was enough money to find a hotel or something, what the fuck have you been doing?'

A bag? No, there was no bag. I couldn't have missed the bag. But maybe I did. Was so emotional. I stormed out. Maybe I missed it. Maybe it was all for nothing. If I could just get to the bag. Food. Water. I'd be okay, I'd-

'Dave, what are you mumbling? Do you need me to call an ambulance or something?'

I stared blankly. Didn't know what to say.

'You need help. You need the meds.'

She still didn't get it. How?

'Laura, I don't need meds. None of us do. It's bullshit. I know that. I've learned it. All this pain, it's been so I could discover this. Right? So that I could understand what's really going on. I'll go get the bag. I'll come back, okay? We'll solve this. I promise.'

I ran out the door. I could hear Laura shouting on me, but it didn't matter. I had to get the bag. I ran as fast as I could. Block after block. Running. Thinking. Thinking about all of this. How poverty was worse than Corpilea. Still thinking now. I'm almost there now. To the apartment. My heart's pumping so fucking fast. Running so fast my vision's blurring. Running too fast. Stumbled. Fell. Trying to get up but I can't. People starting to swarm around me. They finally care. Heart feel's like it's gonna explode. Can't do it anymore. Can't take it all. It's too much. 

Darkness. Can only hear voices. Saying something. Nervous system shutting down. Can hear Laura. Her voice. She's saying something. Something about insanity. About me. Can't make it all out. Only some words. Death. Hours. Collapse. Corpilea. Beep. Beep. Beep. Insane. Beep. Beep. Beep. Corpilea, Corpilea, Corpilea. Beep, beeeep, Corpilea, Laura, Laura, help. Beep. Sorry. 

Darkness.