Reasearch Log 42-65B

You know, I should've seen it coming. Back when they all warned me. Warned me about trying to help these little Keter class beings become something more. Something less deadly to themselves and others. It didn't work, obviously. If they hadn't found that hatch, the hatch that let them escape, they probably all would've died trying to find a new planet to live on. But now they'll probably kill all of us on their way out. You see,  I built that little hatch so I could go into the containment unit to see about helping them. They treated me as a god for a while. Called me different names over time. I still remember when they called me Zues, God of Thunder, when all I did was use lightning to appear. I guess that did seem kinda godlike in retrospect. All I meant to do was show up without scaring them. I guess when something is classified as Keter, you're better off not messing with it. They attacked me on site so I defended myself with a bit more lightning.  After a while I thought it would be good to leave them to their own. Can you guess what happened? They built things that I could only dream of. They built bombs that could level cities by splitting atoms and toxins that after death couldn't even be found by *my* tox-scans. They were also able to master teleportation. Eventually they started to destroy the planet itself with their little bombs and decided on working together to get off that little planet. They sent humans to the other planets in hopes of finding something to live on. I thought that solar system would be enough for them.

 It wasnt. 
 Eventually they found the edge of the container, and before I could stop them, they made their own way out. Now they've got portable teleporters, or portals as I've heard them called, placed everywhere around my planet. I have no idea how to stop them. I...

I have to go, I hear them coming. I'll put more in the log when I get the chance. 


Zeelks, 
Out.

_______


First prompt I've answered criticism welcome.

