Have you ever said something, as a parent, you knew was the right thing to say and would be what you wanted your kids to live up to, but have it come bite you hard in the ass? No? Heavens I hope you never do, but in my case; Boy did I get bit by the words, "Do good by others even without reward because doing good is it's own reward." 

You see, by whatever dumb luck, my kids got superpowers. I knew it was a chance, but after they were born they didn't show any natural super powers unlike their mother's brother, so I thought I dodged a bullet. Just normal run of the mill kids. And of course the universe had to go, "PSYCHE!"

My Eldest Son, 19, just finished Primary/High School, was in contact with some genetically engineered frog that got him and now he can make psychotropic or neurological poisons with his spit and sweat on command, jump like no human, as well as punch cause apparently the frog legs also improved his strength, and of course a long tongue. Obviously he couldn't hide it from me for too too long, and like a good kid he did come to us right away about it. His uncle and him have been training but it still gives me a minor bit of heartburn to hear him jumping out a window onto the grass or back to the window from the grass at all hours. I was hoping he'd go off to college meet a nice girl, but NO. He got the Hero card.

His sister, my only daughter, apple of my eye got abducted a while ago when she was 16, the whole super hero community went ape-shit thanks to my brother-in-law and found out she was taken by some aliens, I forget their name now as it doesn't matter, but they experimented on her, and for that she although a little traumatized by it ended up superhuman herself. Strength, Speed, Durability, High speed regeneration, and energy blasts from her hands. She's just 17. Ever since she too has been with a few friends of my brother-in-law learning to deal with the changes. She's still getting the hang of "being normal" again now, but she is doing her best and her grades are slipping.

My youngest, 15, got powers too, but his are a bit different. His mind and body can perfectly mimic movement including fighting styles. Ever heard of the comic book hero Taskmaster? Well I have a 15-year-old Taskmaster running around with after watching a lot of MMA with me can easily fight and defend himself, but he's still only human. Still just a normal kid otherwise and of course my brother-in-law is absolutely floored.

"Jon, don't you get it. You got lucky. All your kids are great kids and they have the chance to do some real good in this world too."

"I know Mike, I know, but they're my kids. I'm not gonna hold them back, but god damn it hurts to see JJ (Jon Jr.) come home banged up to hell and the look in Val's eyes I know that look, she's still haunted even behind her bright smile. And now little Mike wants to be just like you too."

"The little man is amazing, he was dodging Val's energy blasts like the best of them."

I stress-fully sighed.

"They were on stun."

"That doesn't help much."

"Ok... well he has been training with some expert marksmen lately. Kid with a Bow is now downright lethal."

"He's only 15, Mike. For fucks sake you're already turning him into a weapon. I know I know I said I wasn't gonna stand in their way of doing good with they got, but please. Keep them off the front-lines for a while?"

"Oh believe me, I have been. And that's known request from the others as well. JJ has def been going out on his own."

I took a heavy breath, "Is there at least someone tailing him?"

"Besides me when and were I can? Not really. Then again, he has been doing everything by the book for the most part. Just need to get him registered. Y'know make it official so we can get him some better gear and protection for his own work in the field."

"He is technically an adult. So, if that's what he wants. I'm not gonna stop him."

"I know it worries the shit out of you. I know you've been sleeping like shit, you look like death warmed over."

I sip the cup of coffee, I swear it is the only thing keeping me alive at this point, "Yeah. It's just I guess it's not being in control. Ever since..."

This time it was my brother-in-law's turn to sigh, "Yeah, Evelyn, I couldn't save her. None of us could. I know it hurts."

"Aye, but we must move forward. She wouldn't want us wallowing in it."

"That's right. She wouldn't and we ain't, but doesn't change the fact even my super-powered ass was a bump on that log too."

"Have you told the kids the details?"

"JJ and Val know."

"Their thoughts?"

"JJ is not happy with it. I think his nightly rounds have been a lot of digging and a little bit of crime-fighting. Nothing over his head, but Val."

I raised an eyebrow, "What about my daughter, Mike?"

"She wants to take the fight to them like few else. She got a rage deep in her heart for it. Her training with Starshot and Power Girl have been getting intense. She's still doing well, but she's not pulling punches in training and her powers are still growing with her. In just a year she went from melting steel with her energy blasts to being able to write her name in relief in titanium and that's not even her going to 100% now. If she was on the other side she'd be one hell of a monster to fight."

"Christ on a fucking cracker, Mike."

"I know I know. And I know the little man isn't far behind and if hasn't heard about it through his brother or sister, will learn soon enough. For better or worse you raised good honest kids nearly alone."

Before getting the chance to answer the Radio on his belt beeped and said, "Serra Serra Serra. Protocol Gamma. We got something going down in midtown."

Mike grabs his belt and JJ and Val are walking down the stairs both of which are already in their gear for hero work. I look at Mike and said, "Go. You two are going too huh?"

JJ looks at me, "Yep." Val nods too.

"Homework?" I ask.

"Daddy! Can it wait til I get back?"

"Honey, You know if you really want to do this I can't stop ya, but I still expect you to get your grades up."

"I know Dad, be back soon. Gotta do good for the sake of doing good" She comes and kisses my forehead as her brother and uncle make for the door.

And then I heard the tumble of my youngest hitting the grass from jumping out a window like his brother. I didn't bother turning around to see it. I know there is nothing I could do to even stop him, but again my heart sunk.

God damn did my words bite me in the ass.