The Magic of Doonya  {Rough cut/ Ch.1-3}
By Clint G.

CH.1 History of our world

Magic is the trick of the trade in our world called Doonya. 

Each country holds ancient houses as the rulers of the lands across three major continents; Ho’thaiya, Buenet’a, and my homeland Kol’dea. 

Peace has ruled the lands for 200 years and armies have traded in swords for wands. Within each wand lies an encrypted spell that is forged by the members of the ancient houses and sold across the lands and seas as imported goods - providing water, fire, and nature to all. 

To the North lies the continent of Ho’thaiya. Frigid planes and frozen lakes stretch over the biggest mass of land in all of Doonya. The Hebrew king, Mooshi, rules with his ice queen Haim by his side. Along with their one child, a girl named Shivah,  and the kings older sister, Yael. they are the only ones capable of creating magic wands in their country. Their spells range from a basic cooling spell for a nice breeze to a spell that purifies streams of oceans, rivers, lakes and sea water for everyday use - providing one of the most important and versatile of magic.

South of Ho’thaiya is the colorful and vibrant land of Buenet’a. Blossoming in all the hues of the rainbow; it is well known that anything that grows, grows from Buenet’a. Ruled by the loving Latin Queen Fluera who is just as gentle as the beauty she grows. Together with her two twin siblings, Cecil and Cecilia, and her uncle hector along with his family; wife Izzah and son Panoh. They are those who create all the magic wands in Buenet’a. With spells providing wind travel, food and vegetation growth, as well as spells of convenience - such as the Vine spell - which can can be used for latching onto items and pulling them closer, my personal favorite.

Finally to the East lies my home in the fiery desert island of Kol’dea. My name is Ferris and I am but just a minor squire lucky enough to serve my country. Also lucky enough to be best friends with the young prince, Aydenn, the future flame of Kol’dea. Along with his darling little sister, Noorah, who is exceptional in crafting spells - they work with their parents; the Aramaic royalty King Basil and Queen Maryam in wand crafting. Various fire wands include fireballs either for attacking or practical use like a campfire. Also heating spells come in different amounts of preferred heat perfected to a precise temperature per wand for cooking, boiling  and baking needs.

There also is the retired old king Azzam who no longer crafts wands but instead he writes and reads the history of our world, living on top of Gehenna mountain. Even though he no longer makes the wands, he implemented the innovation of steam, combining a small amount of water spell with his fire. steam has become fundamental for all travel from ships to trains and propelled the importance of magic in our world. 

Although we live in a world run by magic, nothing thrills me and Prince Aydeen more than a sparred sword fight, and today is my day to best him. 

“Ferris, my good friend! Are you ready to lose another match or are you going to give me a challenge?” Aydeen unsheathing his sword, strolled confidently towards me, as if he had already won.

“My prince, I have much more than a challenge ready for you.” I too unsheathed my sword and pointed it towards him, “Prepare yourself!”

Both of us charged at each other with all our might. When I think I have found an opening, he blocks me and when he tries to hit me I parry him back. A few times we clash perfectly until we hold a stance. He pushes me away knocking me down. Before he can pin me while I’m down, I swoop him with a swift kick tripping him down as I hop up. 

“Well Ferris, looks like today might actually be your day” he smirks

Ch.2 Natures Wrath

Around this time, in the continent of Buenet’a the queen offers prayers to the earth and nature deep inside of sanctus forrest. 

“Divinus Misericordia Por dimittetur illi” she chants over and over as all around her white beautiful flowers sprout from the ground.

“Uncle, you can come out, I can feel you through the roots.” Queen Fluera says calmly

From behind bushes sure enough is her uncle Hector. “My dear sweet niece, I should know better than to try to sneak up on the queen of the forest within a forest. Forgive me I did not mean to startle you”

“No, you did not mean to startle me, so what brings you here in my private hour?” Still so calm as she speaks, the wind blows her thick black hair through dancing pedals around her and the sunlight streams in between the forest trees, illuminating the queen. 

Her uncle nervous. Sweat dribbling down his head as he is fidgeting around within his coat pocket “Actually you see, I want to talk to you about making some moves. We are the weakest country my queen, the only thing that guards us are the trees and bushes themselves and they provide no strength.”

“Do not think so little of what nature itself can do, we are the healers of the earth and the artists of the lands.” She says turning to him 

 he walks towards her “If a revolt of the worlds were to happen…”

“If a revolt of the world happens? Uncle who do you think would be the one to start a revolt? The world is at peace, what is it that you want?” She handles him very sternly.

Taken aback hector explains “I want our country to be stronger for all of us. you and the twins are the only gift my poor dead sister left me, I want you all to thrive.”

“But that is not your true intention for this surprise meeting, is it? Uncle, since before my parents died 10 years ago you’ve only held hostility towards our family. The forests chose my mother to rule and they also chose me- I did not ask to be queen I was appointed queen but no matter your feelings, I forgive you. You should know though,  I will not give up without a fight. I speak through the vines and roots of our earth. I hear the whispers between you and your wife. You wish to usurp me. Pull out your dagger so I can show you the true strength of nature! corrumpam vineam eius!!” the queen summons vines from under ground and grabs a hold of her uncle squeezing him so tight that his dagger drops. 

His face turns blue barely holding on, when suddenly;

“Perrit con Ventus” disguising himself within the wind is Hectors son, Panoh. With one fell swipe he slits the beautiful queens throat. 

Her vines loosen control of Hector as she falls to her knees. The forest illuminates and hugs her one last time as she whispers “impetus” 

“Father, we must get out of her forest, its going to die and take us with it.” Panoh grabs his father as the run out of the forest. From every corner the forest is coming to attack the two traitors closing in on them. 

At the edge of the forest Hectors wife, Izzah, waits with a fireball wand in hand from Kol’dea. Together with her wind magic she creates a flaming vortex, just barely making it through the vines Hector and Panoh run past Izzah and she sets the Forest ablaze. The three family members embrace as Hector begins laughing.

“I…AM…..KING!” He exalts as the forest burns down behind him.

Back at the Buenet’a castle Fluera’s younger siblings, Cecil and Cecilia, receive a message carried through the wind as they watch their families forest burn to the ground.

“Sister!” Cecilia begins sobbing and runs to her brothers arms.

“Cecilia, we have to get out of here, there is no time to grieve or we will be next to die.” Cecil says bravely holding tears back from his eyes as the two run into the shadows away from the kingdom that was once theres. 

In town the Mad Uncle Hector arrives with his family as townsfolk gather around him. “Oh dear God, my beautiful niece, our queen murdered in her own sanctuary. It was those Aramaic Bastards, they destroyed all that we have”

“The queen is dead” “we were attacked by Kol’dea” “those fires starters killed our Queen” “what about the twins” the townsfolk murmured throughout.

Hector putting on his best show rallies “The twins disappeared, abandoning their people when they need them most. No, this is not right. I will lead you! let me be your king and I promise you we will bring revenge for our Queen”

The townsfolk all kneel down hailing their new king. As Hector turns away with a grin from ear to ear.

(Continued in first reply) 