Slowly and deliberately the facilitator for the year 2019 rose onto his hind legs, no small feat for a lizard person of his age. The move was smooth and portended the gravitas that had won him the previous election.  A hush fell over the crowd as they took their places on the network of mats set up for the group.  Skink began to elucidate his vision for the year.  Divide and Conquer was the touchstone for his speech, which was met with little of the normal post-snake of the union address hysteria and more than a few hisses.  Skink sensed the apprehension of his constiutents and solicited feedback, "What's the matter with all of you?  Did you not elect me to do just this?  Is this not the most divided you have seen the humans in all of your days?"

"It's not the specifics of this plan I have a problem with.  It's that we've had a good plan every year since I can remember and they never work!  We have to look deeper, why is every 'foolproof plan' we spend a year getting together continuing to amount to nothing?"  

Skink, adjusted his mask, a nervous tick of his. "I didn't hear this nay-saying when you were in charge in 2012.  You may be too young to remember when we held the White House, or even the House of Representatives, but I do.  Nixon was a great contributor to lizard-kind and if we are simply able to learn from his mistakes..."

"We'll never have a chance to make those mistakes again!" the first lizard shot back.  "Listen Skink, You saw our guy looking like a monster on screen with JFK, there's no power for those who look like us."

"There's that word again.  You're a traitor to the cause, lock him up."  A komodo dragon lizard opened wide and stuffed the chamelion in his mouth.  His protests were muted as the komodo dragon made his way to the door.    Skink adjusted his mask again, though slower and more carefully this time.  "While you may be too young to remember our recruitment of the [proboscus monkey we elevated to the office of the presidency](https://www.google.com/search?q=nixon+looks+like+what+animal&safe=strict&rlz=1C1DIEZ_enUS760US760&tbm=isch&source=iu&ictx=1&fir=8sDVWT1_TppVfM%253A%252ChVHQJYBtSB2cBM%252C_&usg=AI4_-kTIJbiXNU1dNmsTALZoAg0jPHJ2bQ&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwj3_fTS6KfgAhWPUt8KHWSiBpMQ9QEwAHoECAAQBA#imgrc=ZRQs4uf6MWGebM:) I most certainly am not.  I remember the long road to speech, the internalization of human emotion and behavior.  Can you even remember how long it took us to get him to stop throwing feces at the wall?"

"Yes, we've all heard the stories!"  Came the shout of a new lizard from the crowd.  "We all heard your plan too, every damn day leading up to the vote.  What are you going to do for us?  When do we move to phase two?"

Skink knew the time was right. "There has been another part of my plan you may have forgotten."  Skink pulled off his mask and moved toward his secretary of the underground.  A whirlwind of action ensued as lower level aides sprung off the ground and set to work on Skink's face. 

"Phase two is complete!" Skink shouted.  Gasps enveloped the crowd, followed by a murmor as each lizard confirmed what he was seeing with his neighbor.  "That's right, we're back in the white house!"

No floor pounding followed.  This was, to Skink, the biggest news from the world of lizards in half a century.  "Are you not impressed?"

After what seemed like an eternity a voice came from the crowd. "I mean, I guess I'm impressed, but why are we still underground." 

Skink shot back, "I have risen to the most powerful office in the world!  I can start a war at the drop of a hat!  The world is mine!"

The voice from the crowd took a lizard form as Skink's vanquished challenger from the election of facilitator moved forward and rose to her hind legs to address the crowd.  "You're the president.  Neat.  You've been in that office for two years and for what?"

"Why, it's, of course," Skink began, stammering ,"to bring the level of lizardkind up to that of humankind!  To no longer be under the yoke of our mammalian overlords!"

"Is that happening?"

"You simpleton!  I have made it so that you will be thought of higher than humans!  Any natural human with different beliefs or background will soon be lower than a lizard person from your hometown who holds your beliefs."

"We didn't want the humans to be worse, we wanted to be better!"

The hall descended into chaos, with half the lizards stomping the floor in approval and the other half hissing angrily.  "Divide and Conquer indeed" Skink's secretary of the underground whispered.    