I couldn't remember much, if I'm honest. I remember how I died-amidst a prison riot when I got tossed into a particularly nasty fight-but I don't really remember much of the in-between, if that makes any sense; yeah, there's a in-between after death, who would have thought?

I only really remember a single sentence, and it was sort of the reason why I was regretting all the bad deeds I had ever gone through with, as I am quite certain the sentence was 'You will burn in hell' or something along those lines, the voice deep and almost godlike.

But yeah, that was sort of the reason why the moment I woke up I started panicking. You see, I never believed in hell when I was alive. I didn't think there was a place full of fire and brimstone awaiting me, burning me alive as I was tortured for my wrongdoings; that's not to say I wouldn't of committed crimes when I was alive-I'm pretty sure I still would've-but I assume I perhaps would've been a bit more accepting of my fate if I knew this was what awaited me.

My point is, I freaked out the moment I opened my eyes.

Well, I freaked for a little bit.

Because, when I finally got a hold of my surroundings, I had to admit...

...hell seemed to be a lot less...painful, then I thought it would be.

You see, rather than being roasted over a spit for gluttons to chew on, I was lying in a ditch, surrounded by red rock. I was expecting it to be as hot as Arizona down here, but it was surprisingly not THAT hot; kind of like a particularly cold summer.

It was then I was aware of the distant sounds of conversations.

They were kind of muffled from where I was, but distinct enough that I could make out a couple of phrases.

"I taught my hellhound how to bark without setting fire to everyone."

"Nice."

"Er...hello?" I called out, trying to make my way out of the ditch.

"Hey, it's a newbie." I heard one of them say. The man peered over the ditch and I instantly recognized who it was.

Jim. My old cell-buddy. He died of pneumonia about two years ago.

"Hey, Mark!" Jim called out. He grabbed my hand and hoisted me up out of the ditch. "How you been, man?"

"Uh, fine." I answered. "You know, except for dying and going to hell."

Jim addressed the other man, whom I didn't recognize. "Mark, this is Zachary. Killed three people, one of them including the lawyer that was assigned to him." He then addressed the one next to Zachary. "This is Adam. He was the lawyer."

"Hey," Zachary and Adam greeted in unison.

"Wait, I'm sorry, what's happening?" I gave Jim a confused look. "Shouldn't we be being, like...tortured right now?"

"Well, we SHOULD be being tortured, but we aren't." Zachary explained. "Hell has been officially overthrown."

"Wait a second...overthrown?" I stopped, looking at the three with only more confusion.

"You know how Hell's supposed to be reserved for horrible people, right?" Adam asked.

"Uh, yeah..." I shrugged. "I mean, I wouldn't be here otherwise."

"Well, as it turns out, having a place filled with only the most wicked of people wasn't the best business strategy." Adam continued. "Lucifer was forced out of power years ago."

"So...what's been happening now?" I inquired.

"Everything's been a bit of a mess." Jim shrugged. "People just went in different places and did their own thing. Dictators tried to rule over the masses, but that didn't really work so they sort of just preach to their followers and make plans to take over every so often; don't worry, those plans never work."

"Scammers have been setting up internet to scam people from beyond the grave," Zachary piped up. "We steal their wifi all the time."

"A couple terf wars here and there, which kind of don't add up to anything since neither side is able to die..." Adam described. "Point is, things are pretty good, all things considered. Kinda messy, but meh, whatever."

"Huh...so what is that you guys do, nowadays?" I asked.

"We have a couple homes we built for us. We're seeing how long they can last before one of the pyromaniacs burns them to the ground." Jim replied. "Honestly we're in the tamer side of hell, if that makes sense. We just rob each other's houses, play pool, and maybe stab each other in a fit of rage every so often. That's about it."

"People of hell kind of have regeneration, so no harm done anyways." Zachary shrugged.

"All crime is legal?" I asked.

"You kidding? This place is literally the Purge year-round." Jim replied, grinning. "Anyways, we were gonna go and play some pool and rob people. You wanna come with?"

"Do you even know me?" I asked rhetorically. "Yes, obviously."

So yeah, that's my story of how I discovered Hell is PRETTY cool if you have the right-well technically wrong-mindset. I got a hold of some of the scammers' wifi so I decided to send you guys this little message about Hell. I mean, there's no point in all of you lovely immoral individuals to be ashamed of yourselves. Hell's pretty good, believe me!

...Actually, don't believe me. Probably not a good idea.

I mean, after all, 'thou shalt not lie' IS one of the ten commandments, and if there's one list us sinners don't follow, it's THAT.

But hey, the choice is yours, I guess. 

See you soon...or not, depending on how long you have left.