I was born with a rare condition of the eye, causing me to be completely blind for the first 16 years of my life. That was until Dr.Benworth's new surgery. As I laid there on the hospital bed I wondered what vision would be like, I've asked my parents and siblings to describe it often, but there was just something I couldn't understand, how could I without ever experiencing it.

They gave me a medicine that caused me to fall asleep, but when I awoke I saw the doctors sitting around me, nervous looks on their faces. "How do you feel?" Dr.Benworth asked.

I almost shouted out "I can see!" but managed to lessen it to a louder than normal "I'm fine"

"OK Charlie I want you to tell me what you see, how many fingers am I holding up." I confidently responded with "Zero, your holding something". Indeed the doctor was holding up a strange device I would later on learn was a Tommy gun. "What is that hat you're wearing doctor?" As in my eyes he was wearing a wide brimmed hat like in a mafia movie. "Charlie, I'm not holding anything..... Ok, next question, what color are the walls". I rubbed my eyes and looked again, but everything had changed. Instead of the brownish walls that I had seen before they were metallic, with neon blue lights running in lines across them, Then I looked at the doctor. His once tanned and mustached face was now made of many interlocking metal parts, with wires running down his neck into his robotic torso. 

I looked around the room, noticing everything else had taken on the qualities of the walls and the doctor, the medical equipment from before looked futuristic, and when I looked out the window I saw robotic figures walking along the streets next to towering buildings as dark as the shadows they rose from.

 I rubbed my eyes again, and when I looked around I noticed everything was different, The scalpel next to the doctor had turned into a massive butcher knife, and the Doctor was wearing a disturbing leather mask, his hands dripping blood. I looked to my family, my Father had pale skin with long fangs along with a black coat. My mother was wearing a strange pointed hat and she looked much older then she had before.

I screamed, attempting to get up from the bed. The doctor injected a syringe into my arm causing me to fall unconscious onto the bed. Hours later when I woke up my eyes were greeted by the same room as before, but it was different. All the colors in the room were brighter while the whole room appeared in a way I can only describe as flat, the people in the room had unusual proportions with eyes that seemed too big and they all had weird spiky hair.

I repeated this process several more times, each time it looked different, one time appeared to look like a steampunk world, with gigantic wooden airships floating past the window. Finally I rubbed my eyes again and everything looked simple. When asked the questions again I got every one right and in a week I was let out of the hospitable. My life has been normal since then, except for the occasional time when I wake up, and everything looks a bit different....