The worst part was the inexplicable shame. But at least that was something recognizable whenever I caught a glance with those stupefied eyes. 


“WHY ARE YOU PEOPLE STARING AT ME LIKE THAT?!” 


Her eyes shot back to the wall, visibly shaking palms fumbling to rest on the plain hardwood flooring which, to my memory, had the uncanniest sense of having been well-maintained, further exacerbating my efforts to comprehend anything.


The almost screaming baby really didn’t help either. There was an older woman trying to cradle the poor thing, but every violent baby kick seemed to push her agitation further towards the edge. At first, I just assumed that the child was hers, but I couldn’t mentally accept it from that obvious rift of disconnection. It almost agitated me just watching her struggle so fervently to caress some random baby.


How we all simply remained in that deeply divided, yet otherwise perfectly sound room, for so long still baffles me. There was an older man who routinely just fumbled with his wristwatch, though it seemed apparent to be more deliberate than anything. The bewildered girl didn’t utter anything intelligible for a while, after that initial vain inquiry either; it was still obvious that she was muttering things though, muffled by some seemingly deep sense of insecurity, a token image of that baseless mortification which pervaded the whole room. She was the only one who consistently forced distance away from the rest of us and the center of the room.


A couple hours passed the interim after we had all collected into what seemed to be the main room of the house. The older woman, retreated to a raised sofa couch, seemed to have temporarily given up on the baby. Unexpectedly, the older man had taken up her role, even as the baby’s alarm spiked, baby kicks resisting; the man didn’t seem to hold as much frustration towards the situation, though. He just continued in his half-empty, half-wishful metronomic swaying, the wailing child in his arms. Evidently, the older woman was relieved, and I faintly recall her beaming in appreciation when he was distracted by the baby.


“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—” We all looked at the girl, whose comment had honestly caught me off guard for a second. “I mean… I didn’t mean to scream at you guys like that.”






The atmosphere eventually pacified itself. The older woman left without a notice, and came back after half an hour or so with hot soup from condensed broth she had found lying in the kitchen, warm smiles and meals that eventually consumed the remaining tension, especially after the baby exhausted its crying  and fell into a deep sleep. “Let me know if you would prefer this heated any more… and let me know, if you need anything else,” she said, to which I responded with a slightly fumbled thank you and smile. 


Surprisingly, the rest of us had never even left the room before she did. The girl eventually walked out after glancing around to the rest of us; she gave a friendly smile before letting us know she would simply go off to find a bathroom. The older man also spoke up, stating that he wanted to explore the rest of the house, although he seemed almost sheepish saying so, as if he was embarrassed of having restricted himself to a single room for so long. I offered to cradle the sleeping baby, as well, to which he replied that he’d go off to find a crib, especially if the rest of the house followed the apparent typical suburban family home layout. So I just rocked the baby, slightly nervous that the thing would bawl in my face after the entire situation seemed to only just have settled. 






“What’s your name?” The older woman had just returned from putting away the bowls and silverware. 


“I’m… I’m really not sure. I don’t know how to explain it though,” I said. 


“It’s alright, honey. I think I could say the exact same.” She seemed piqued by my attention towards the baby, even though I felt like I was really just going through motions, just to appear helpful. “I didn’t know if you noticed, too, but you and the man who was cradling the baby before almost seem to share identical eyes.”


I was a little taken aback, of course, but this whole collection of 5 people was already raising similar observations from me, for the past two hours or so. And so I answered back in agreement, although I honestly felt the urge to reveal much more than just the similar eyes. This whole situation honestly baffled me in how many uncanny correlations faintly seemed to suggest themselves into existence. But she replied before I could decide whether to or not:


“A random question, I hope you won’t mind, what’s your last name, dea—” A violent smash of glass broke the semblance of that civilized reality, followed by a sharp cry of agony from an older man, and the wailing of the baby.