“Jamie stop that infernal song and help your sister put on the finishing touches to the cake,” my mom shouted at my brother. 
Jamie looked at the cake and still listening on his phone shouting what seems to be profanities and said all the cake needs is two strokes diagonally and I thought it would be fun and placed the icing on it. 
I took the cake from the kitchen and walked to the hall to place it when suddenly the when the bell rang. 
I gestured my brother to the door the same moment when my mom was shouting to open the door. 
He opened it. There was a man in a suit asking whether the cake was ready? “What, it’s my cake and I’m not sharing it, it’s bad enough my family wants a piece of it. I’m not gonna give it passers by” I thought to myself as the guy let himself in and inspected the cake. 
“Hmm, incantations were right but the symbols are all wrong. You see the lines need to be perfect “ the man in the suit said. 
“Excuse me”my mom exclaimed “who are you and how dare you talk to us like that”
“Oh, sorry let me introduce myself, I’m a demon. Your spawns called me in but it was not a perfect call so I’m just correcting it.” As he introduced himself his face changed to a red animal with horns. 
My brother was jumping up and down shouting it worked while I tired of it, sat and cut myself a piece and seeing the demon cut him one and gave him. 
My mom was now frantically calling my dad to come see the mess his children had made and was all over the place saying holy things, all the names of gods she can remember. 
I gave a side glance at the demon and he snapped his fingers and my mom froze. He happily ate the cake and tossed a coin towards me and said to use it when we meet in hell.
He snapped his finger again and my mom unfroze and went to her and told remember your spawns are my friends now, but I don’t care about the dude jumping give him any punishment you want but leave the cake girl alone. He slowly walked away to the door while I cut another piece for myself as I turned on the TV. 