&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Place, the Thought, and the Word**, these are the components of the triangle of Power. Without any, like fire without air, heat, or fuel, a spell cannot gain purchase on our world. Beyond these simple rules, as with any discipline of man, opinions vary on the proper ways of proceeding. To those interested in the study of Anglomancy and discussions on the nature of the so-called living languages, specifically English, their use, and most importantly their dangers, read on.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As the preeminent Professor of Anglomancy and the study of Living Language at Oxford o'er the Shadow, I have spent my life recording my observations on the correct usage of the English language as a source of Thought and Word. As a source of Place, the English language is invitingly diverse and accessible. A chip of chalk from the Cliffs of Dover, a cup of english tea, an encyclopedia Britannica, and few more oddments of primarily English or American (or, controversially, Indian) origin are enough to furnish an amateur with all that they need to begin a stumbling foray into Anglomancy. However, as is usually the case when dealing with the Power, all is not precisely as it seems.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For English is, in the truest sense, a living language. The meanings of English Words, as expressed in Thought and Place throughout the world, are in constant shift. Old words gain subtle shades of new meaning, new words come to be, words become abandoned. Even pronunciations of English phonemes shift geographically and temporally to a degree that can be alarming. Wherever English is spoken, English is in motion, like a living beast in the throes of youth. To many, this rules out English entirely for use in channelling the Power, for the Wording, and thus the effect, of a spell that changes today can change again with little notice.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;However, using such a living language has, along with the dangers of your tying your knots in a knot, if you'll pardon the expression, key advantages. Firstly, living languages, especially English, tend to have far larger diversity, allowing for more granular detail to be obtained. Secondly, the power of a living language always supercedes that of a dead one due the law of linguistic evolution. Lastly, a living language draws on living souls rather than dead ones, which makes them a surpassingly superior source of Power to begin with. Despite this, it cannot be argued that the dangers are not very real. Indeed, each of these strengths can be interpreted as a weakness and a danger. Nuance is the brother of misunderstanding; power the father of destruction. After all, an aged Anglomancer such as myself is a rare thing indeed.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore, Anglomancy should only be attempted when appropriate safeguards are in place. Firstly, a rigorously tested, meticulously updated, and current Lexicon written in a dead language must be used to compile each spell before use. This means that before each Anglomancer's spell, an incantation must take place in a dead language, which must be Thought and Placed appropriately. Secondly, diction must be carefully trained to match the average for maximum spell potency. Thirdly, spells with duration more than a day (see Ptolemy's Treatise on Celestiolinguistic permutation for justification on this figure) must never be written in English or any other living language. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To the astute observer, the necessity of these safeguards place the usage of Anglomancy dangerously out of reach of our tea-sipping amateur. While they may be able to cast and effectively use Anglomancy, they are very likely to erase themselves and those around them from existence in any one of a million messy ways. Anglomancy is also not for the student looking for a quick path to power - long years of study in dead language is required before acceptance into a living language program.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;With that, I conclude this short introduction to Anglomancy 101. Prerequisites include LATIN 303 and GREEK 102, along with four English credits to be accepted at my discretion. For registration options, please see the school registrar (under the Shadow). Seats in my class fill up fast, so make haste!

Edit:Disgression