I can see it now. The truth. 

I spent a century of my life in cryogenic sleep for a good cause–– a cause that became infinitesimally easier after I accepted the mission. 

50 years into my journey, they had already arrived at the destination. They had begun to colonize FN571. They even named the planet. Heaven. Secretly, I had planned to call it Eden. Close enough, I guess...

It's been a struggle to accept it. The truth. 

I find myself resisting it. But it's only natural. I'm not resisting the truth, itself; I'm resisting them–– the deliverers of it–– the imparters of it–– the very *cause* of it. 

I absolutely hate it. The truth. 

While they are celebrating, I am mourning. While they are gleefully colonizing *my* planet, I am building an effigy to my lost years. While they are welcoming me to their "home", I am lamenting the choice to leave mine. 

I had a home and a car and a kid. Which is only one way of looking at it. Reason I left was because, to me, I had a mortgage and a car payment and a headstone to visit. Her name was Eden. I did this for her. If I could travel to a new planet in my own lifetime, standing on alien soil, my toes the first flesh to touch this foreign dirt... why couldn't she do the same? Who's to say death isn't just the beginning of a new journey?

And they had to go and name this planet after the location of her probable destination. 

It's just so goddamn inconvenient. The truth. 

They are nice people. A hundred nice people. One for every year I've lost. 

They traveled here, to "Heaven," by means of a "hyperdrive superconductor" that allowed them to arrive 50 years before me. I imagine we nearly clipped wings as they passed, their smiling faces staring through windows as they waved at me, some calling out, "See you soon!" 

I know it wasn't a competition, but they beat me. Hell, they *lapped* me. I'm the kid who shouldn't be running track in high school. I'm the one who's in over her head and everyone could see it but me. 

It's an absolute tragedy. The truth. 

Worst, even, is that it isn't shared. For them, this truly is a cause for celebration. I can see it all from their perspective and a part of me is happy for them–– for what they've achieved, here. But another part of me is jealous. In truth, I have hatred for them. Paranoia and suspicion gang up on my mind, playing dirty tricks on me while I sleep. 

I see them smiling to my face and, a second later, their smiles fade. They speak to me one way and to one another, somehow, differently. I attribute it to a cultural difference but... we're the same age. We're from the same planet. The same culture of the time. 

It's not set in stone. It's evasive, elusive, ever changing. The truth. 

Why can't I be mad? Why can't I be sad? Why can't I be suspicious? Am I not allowed to vent?

I wonder sometimes exactly *how* their ship achieved what we had deemed impossible. And so quickly? I'm a fucking rocket scientist. Literally. And what they describe is just... beyond me. I've looked at their engines, their control panels, even their operation manuals. 

I'd be lying if I said it makes any sense to me. The truth. 

I left a century ago, the first female to enter deep space travel, destined to be the first human being to ever set foot on a new planet. I arrive, my hopes and expectations set on that singular goal, only to be told that the opportunity has been stripped from me... all those years too... gone... "Thanks but no thanks, Samantha." Signed, NASA. 

I've even begun to search their rooms. They're almost identical. Beds made perfectly, books and papers neatly stacked, bathrooms *spotless*. At dinner, they sit together in rows, laughing and conversing, while I sit by myself near the fire. Sometimes people attempt to talk to me, but I can't quite seem to fit in–– to hit my stride, so to speak. 

They're always interested in my ship. It's as if I'm a relic and my ship is an ancient artifact. They want to dust us off and inspect the bones. To know our stories and attempt to understand us. 

I haven't been very interested in it lately. The truth. 

There's just something gnawing at me, poking me like a gentle reminder: "Don't forget! Remember to think about it! Remember to question it!"

When I really pay attention, I feel like they're mocking me. Like they see me do something with my hands or my face and then I see them do it, like they're practicing, like they're trying me on for size. I want to yell or scream at them to stop it but... I feel like I'm their guest. I was taught to never be rude to my host. 

Sometimes, when I've had some wine, I'll swing my head back and forth to see just how drunk I am based on the smearing of my vision. How blurry it becomes. Maybe it's just a quirk of this world or of this particular wine but, whenever I try it, it almost looks like grainy or pixelated... like a game or a flight simulator. 

I've mentioned this to others and they wave it off like a funny joke. They probably think I'm losing my mind. 

It takes everything I have within me to ignore it. The truth. 

I've been keeping myself busy working on my ship. It's like it's my only friend. I spent a century with it. I've spent mere weeks with them. I've even taken to one of the others, his name is Benjamin. He likes to listen to me ramble and explain the outdated technology I'm accustomed to. He uses the controls and pedals like a child learning to ride a bike. Or maybe it's more like motorcyclist learning to ride a bike. Either way, it's fun having someone to listen to me gripe and complain. 

He even writes down some of it, which has inspired me to write down my thoughts as well. 

It's becoming foggier. The truth. 

I truly feel like I'm losing my mind. Deep space can do that to you. And no wonder it's hit me harder than it ever hit them. Half a century? That's nothing. Double it and then come talk to me. No one can understand what it's like in my mind. No one. Not even Ben. 

I liked him, at first. Now he just creeps me out. His face doesn't move the way I want it to. I know that doesn't make sense but it's how I feel. I want him to frown when necessary and to slightly smirk instead of outright smile. It's just odd. *He* is odd. 

And now I see them all doing it. Their smiles scare me. I've even cut back on the wine to suppress the urge to see the pixels. But they're doing new things, now. They're working on something and they won't tell me what it is. They treat me like *I'm* the different one. Like *I'm* the one who doesn't behave normally. Reality check: it's all of *you* who aren't normal!

I can see it now. The truth. 

They mimic me because they're learning from me. They're not even human. They must be some kind of alien species who adapted to learn my secrets. They've studied me and my ship. They know exactly how it works and where I'm from. 

If they have it their way, they'll steal my ship and travel to Earth. Who knows why. Who *cares* why. 

I have to leave here. I'll leave and find a new planet. I'll be the first human being to ever step foot on its soil. My toes in the dirt.

I'll call it Eden. 
