"What does this mean!" Avri looked up at me, her blue eyes showing her confusion.

"I don't know. No one's ever gotten this before." I snatched the letter out of her hand and read for the millionth time. *We regret to inform you that someone of your potential is simply too dangerous to be taught.* Too dangerous? I don't even know how to make things levitate!

"I know you don't think it's a good idea, but maybe you should just ask your parents and they-"

"Avri, they would probably kill me. Anytime I bring magic up they freak out. What do you think they'd do if I brought this letter to them?" 

"Hang on." Avri got up and walked across my living room to her night bag.

"What are you doing?" She picked up the small tablet like thing every witch and wizard had. "You're calling someone at a time like this?" She looked at me as if I was stupid and called to the tablet, "Call Simon."

"You're boyfriend? What's he gonna do?"

"Oh, Maia how are you so idiotic sometimes? He can help us!" Simon's voice started speaking.

"Simon, we need you to come over now. It's an emergency. Come to Maia's house." With that, Avri hung up. "He'll come. If anyone gets scared when I do that, it's him." I sat down and put my head into my hands. What was I gonna do? 

Simon showed up only 10 minutes later, dripping with sweat and panting like a dog.

"Did you run all the way here?" Avri asked. Simon nodded, making his short, wavy, black hair fall into his eyes. "Why didn't you just fly?" 

"I...…. couldn't...….. find...….. my...…...broom," he said between pants. "Now......what's wrong?" Avri took the letter from my hands and handed it to Simon. 

"You tell us." He looked at the parchment sent from Merlin Academy. His brows furrowed, making a crease in his forehead. 

"What is this?"

"Maia got it today. Remember how we told her to apply? That was their rejection letter."

"But it doesn't make sense. Maia doesn't know how to do a simple conjuring spell. How is she dangerous?" Normally I would've had a comeback, but now, I agreed. Suddenly, Mom and Dad came walking up to the doorway. Avri grabbed the letter and put it behind her back, and I put on my most innocent smile.

"Simon, Avri! It's nice to see you!" Simon faked a laugh and smiled. Avri waved with one hand. Mom looked at both of them suspiciously, and my mind was screaming *We're all dead!* Mom looked at Avri's hand behind her back, which was holding the letter.

"What's going on?" 

"Nothing," we all said. 

"Turn around Avri." Avri looked to me. She was used to my mom telling her to do things, since she spent so much time over here. But this was not normal. I shrugged. "Avri. Please turn around." Avri turned around, looking at me and mouthing *sorry*. I slumped my shoulders as Mom took the letter and looked at it with Dad. 

Mom's eyes grew wide. This was it. I was gonna die. But all she did was push us inside and shut the door. I looked to Avri and Simon, but they were just as confused. 

"Mom, what's going on?"

"Maia, go to your room."

"But Mom-"

"Go to your room!" I walked to the stairs. Avri and Simon tried to come too, but Mom said, "You two go home right now!" They ran out without saying anything. I closed my door and sat on my bed. What the heck was going on? 

Later, Mom and Dad came into my room holding the letter.

"Maia, I think we need to talk." I propped myself up with my shoulders. "Honey, why did you did you apply?"

"I don't know. Avri was just joking around. We thought it would be funny."

"Maia sweetie, you can't ever do that again. Pack your things ok?" Dad started towards the door, Mom following but I grabbed her arm.

"What do you mean?"

"Just do it."

"Not without an explanation." Mom studied me. She looked at Dad, but he shrugged. Mom sighed and said, "Maia, you're powerful. One of the most powerful witches there is."

"Obviously. Why didn't you let me study." Mom sighed again.

"Maia, people want your power. They would love to have it." She looked at me one more time. "Some...… would even kill for it."