"You got blood on the carpet."  
Isaac woke to echos of the unknown. He looked around an entirely foreign room, all shadows cast under shade, all completely and utterly new.  
He blinked, and thought. A flood of questions rushed into his mind: Whos burrowing like roots in soft dirt, Hows creeping like a tiger stalking its prey.  
"Hey, are you listening? You wrecked the place, man" Isaac looked up.  He recognized the hollowed image of a friend he once called Logan.  His pale somber glaze and faint scent of burnt t- brought Isaac momentary clarity.
"Where am I?"  
Thoughts began tumbling again like hardcase baggage caught in turbulence. A door opened behind him and his vision blurred. 

Annabelle entered the room, or what was left of it. Isaac didn't know how he knew, but the minute he looked at her face It was all he could think about.
"Dude! That. Was awesome. You haven't done something that cool since the Demon days! You totally, like renovated the place!"  
Annabelle. Isaac thought. Annabelle. his head started to hurt. He focused on her temples but her eyes refused to leave his.  
"Hellooo" she sang "Are you even paying attention?"  
"Annabelle, What did I do?"  
Another question yet answered. Logan lit up a cig. The ground seemed to tremble for a second and her sleek mocha face turned away.  Her cheekbones seemed to leave an afterimage...

"Uh, dude. Tell me you at least remembered how to talk. How we talk."  
He looked at Logan and tried to craft something but couldn't. His words melted in his throught. The more he thought the less he knew. His vision faltered again, shifting mirages of other faces and doors snapped open and shut.  
"Who am I?"  
.  
The walls stopped moving for a split second.  Or did they start moving? A glitch? glitch? How did he-  
"Who am I Annabelle" His flooded thoughts stopped by his own words.  
"He's really tripping out, Lo."  
Logan let out a wisp of smoke but remained silent.  His gaze was fixated on Isaac expectantly.
"You shouted some really crazy stuff last night, man" Logan sighed. Looking at him made his stomach churn. churn. He realized he had yet to pick himself off the floor.  He wasn't sure if he'd moved at all.  His mind started rushing again. 
Annabelle. Aa Ee  
"Am I going crazy?"  
Confusion. illusions. Shadows seemed to flicker out of his field of view.   Annabelle  
"How do I stop thinking" He almost shouted. The sound of his own voice screeching chalkboards in his ear. Yet Annabelle and Logan responded as if it was no more than a whisper. The room started to rotate around him.
  
"Get him the switch" Annabelle said softly. He voice like honey but her glare like ice. In one glance, she was mad enough to die for but too cold to read.  the only hint of humanity left on her synthetic profile shone through in the tension between her glaces.  A small wrinkle between her ears and eyes hinted at cascading rivers of agony bathing under a cement sky of numbing fluid.

'ew' she seemed to say without motion.  for some reason it was the only thing that made sense.

The Walls Started to peel  
"Way ahead of you"  Logan darted in with his lanky kong arms. Of all the thi-  
"Stop. Thinking." Said Logan. He handed him a book. a sketchbook. his sketchbook. The world settled. "Focus"  
He opened the page. First Page. One Sentence. A message from the past.  
  
[Save A GNAME] (http://imgur.com/a/MccYE)   
  
Great, so my past self didn't know how to capitalize, how to spell, or how to breath any sense or originality in his, or I guess, my writing.  Cool.  This outta be good. Isaac looked up through his questions at the figures in front of him, and again back down at the page. Thoughts rolled over him like a storm.  
One was so damn crazy  
fuck it.  
He started to scribble. A and Lo leaned in  
A Name. Signature. an impossible truth. He looked up, doubt clear as day in his eye.  
"Say it out loud, man.". They saw the name, but were just as fearful to hear it in spoken tongue. They looked just as scared as he felt.  

"I'm the end"