Our study sessions in the pods tell us of a world our species knew as home. I know what they called it, I know the variety of species that once inhabited it, and I know why we were sent away. However, if you were to ask me to describe the smell of salt water oceans and the look of a healthy star setting on the horizon, I would not be able.

It's a funny feeling to look upon all this favor and feel no attachment or appreciation. The cultivation drones handle our food supply, the pods our learning, and construction of our settlements is an automatic response by some system to adjust for population. Yet, despite all these achievements—these technological marvels—I think about the burning surfaces of the aforementioned home world. I think of the forests that were removed selfishly and I can almost smell the contaminated flesh of creatures that became corrupted by the chemicals of our expansion.

The scariest stories, the ones the pods won't deliver upon request, you have to travel and manually search for in the Central Data Center. Which lay far outside of our pods; deep within the Prime Settlement Hub. These stories, though not directly told, show context that those who showed concern for these factual horrors were treated like men of opposed opinion and not conservative individuals pinning for a better use of resources. These stories imply that all of it was for not. That humans have had many attempts to correct these issues, but ultimately failed. That my people of Eddius 18 are just another roll of the dice with the hopes of correcting *some* of the previous faults. I believe that selfishness is hard wired. That sentience will never conscript responsibility in mass because of this. I wonder how many other planets are out there filled with our life. And, if there are, are they in a similar situation as our ancestors?

Has humanity ever come together for a common issue? The fears that fills me even now as the pod lulls me to sleep is that we are just an intergalactic infection spreading throughout the cosmos. Is it possible for us to be anything more than this? If I were to take these fears, write them down, and add them to the data logs, would that ever be read by eyes willing to make a change?

I wonder if the pods know.