Regina switched off the radio. Even though listening to Led Zeppelin was her way of unwinding on long drives, tonight, it simply wasn’t helping. Her nerves were working overtime tonight - as they usually did during this time of the year. 

Ten years. It’s been ten long years since she started this journey. 

Her mind recalled that July night ten years ago, even though Regina begged it not to. She didn’t need to relive those memories. However, her stubborn mind wouldn’t listen. 

It still recalled the night when Regina and her little sister, Riyan, had gone camping. 

Regina had woken up panicked to screams in the middle of the night and found herself alone in their tent. The frightening realization that Riyan was missing sunk in. She frantically searched the woods and found her little sister lying face down, barely breathing. 

When Regina turned her around, she screamed. Not only was Riyan was covered in blood, her abdomen was practically eviscerated. 

Riyan didn’t survive for long after that, but not before leaving Regina with a message. 

*Big Foot. It... exists. Find... Big... Foot.*

At first, Regina was confused. She shrugged off Riyan’s message as the confused babbling of a dying woman. 

For days afterwards, Regina stayed in bed, grieving her little sister’s death.  The funeral was done quickly, attended only by a handful of people. Orphaned at a young age, the two sisters didn’t have much in the way of family. Only a few close friends. 

Then, finally realizing that the job of cleaning out Riyan’s apartment was on her, she got to work. 

Then, everything changed. 

As Regina was cleaning, she came across Riyan’s journals and books and research. 

Her world shattered in a heartbeat, and Riyan’s final words became clear. 

Regina quit her job the following day, broke her lease, sold off most of her possessions, loaded up her car with a few clothes and Riyan’s research, and hit the road.

That was ten years ago. Well, nine years, fifty weeks, two days, and five hours ago. 

Along the way, Regina came across many creatures. The first she found were tree nymphs; they were the easiest, of course, unsuspecting as they were. Then she found the fairies and then werewolves and vampires. She even found the Unicorns - earning her legendary status amongst the paranormal hunters. 

They revered her now. They respected her. 

Some even feared her. 

However, she was still not satisfied. And she would never be. 

Not until she made Riyan’s dying wish come true. She wanted to, no. She *needed to* find Big Foot. 

However, that particular find always eluded her, but not for long. Ayana - another hunter - called Regina a few nights earlier with a tip about Big Foot sightings in North Dakota. 

Regina had immediately dropped everything and headed across the country. 

Regina *would* finally be able to honor her sister the only way she knew how. 

She would find Big Foot if it’s the last thing she did, and she would be able to murder that sorry son of a bitch. 

With a renewed determination, Regina slammed down on the accelerator and sped along to her destination. 

—

First submission! Please be kind! 