This was the third time I had seen her weeping there this week. At first it was something that I actively ignored, it was none of my business after all, I just plugged my headphones in, turned to look out the window and just watched the night time rush hour go by. My quickest bus route normally made me the first on and last off, so when my stop was coming up, I was strangely surprised that when I arose from my seat unplugging my headphones and doing a quick stretch with a speedy glance behind that the cute girl still sat there snivelling, wiping her eyes clear with the backs of the hers hands with no avail. I had almost said something that day, but my throat caught at her state and like a coward I got off without checking on her.

The next day, I had seen her again, on the same journey home no less. Sitting in the same seat with tears coating her ashen face. This time however she just quietly hiccuped as her shoulders shook with each quiver of breath, turned towards the window as she watched the the night lights whizz by. I'm not quite sure what it was that compelled me to, but I felt the need to sit back and observer her. I had stridden past my usual seat, past her and sat a few seats diagonally behind with the intent to say something. At one point she turned around and looked at me, while I was checking up on some messages on my phone and found myself eye to eye. I felt my throat seize up again as her lifeless eyes turned away and left me once again with my own thoughts. 
On the third day, I made a promise that if I saw her again, I would come prepared. With a pack of tissues on hand, I rise to the top deck to my regular seat to find it empty but once again the cute girl remained seated in her usual place. Eyes wandering over the darkening City. Her shoulders no longer shook in grief or agony yet her tears slowly fell. 

I was quick to act as I had reached into my  pockets pulling out a packet of tissues, sitting down besides her and offering her one with a warm smile on my lips. Her tears stopped as she turned to look at me, those amber eyes had captivated me as she raised her hand to almost touch my face. She had uttered those words which would change everything.

'You can see me, a lost and lonely Banshee'