She still wasn’t ready.

When her plan had come together, all those years ago, she thought herself able to accept its inevitable conclusion, whenever it arrived.

But there was still so much she had yet to do, so many things she had yet to learn. Her projects would go neglected. Her empires would fall into disarray, and fracture into a hundred pieces.

That was a fate she would not tolerate again. A few centuries back, when her scope was a few trading companies in the Americas, losses were acceptable, if painful. But now, her reach was far grander, and she would not permit it to all fall away.

Nor would she resign herself to the cold immortality of wires and processors. Her greatest possession was her flesh, and she held onto it above all else. She had won it herself, hadn’t she?

With measured movements, she stepped on the floating platform, and let it carry her off the rocky shore. The air on this world was stagnant, but she had long since adapted to it. The trade-off was an ocean still as glass, reflecting the stars overhead as perfectly as a mirror.

She looked around at the universe unfurled before her, like a bird of paradise before its lover. She had lived for over a thousand lifetimes, and experienced hundreds of lives, but still, there was more to be done.

What of singing with the Kestralli? What of learning to raise winds like the Eld? What of the millions of secrets that had yet to be uncovered in the stars? Another thousand lifetimes would not be enough. Perhaps not even a million.

But what of death?

She knew of its power. Knew of the absolute certainty with which it watched the living. She had felt it herself, hadn’t she? The instant she pulled the knife from her own ribs? That eternal will?

Even now, she shuddered.

But it was involuntary, and meant nothing to her.

Nine. That was the number of additional white hairs she would allow to grow on her head. There would be no more than ten. The whole matter would be resolved before then. Everything within her control would be devoted towards that end. Every corporation and government, every planet and station, every debt and favor. No half measures.

She would not run from death. She would slap it aside.

Like an unwanted son.
