I heard a faint ringing.

I recognize this sound. This is the noise that signifies a job complete in the living land. Death serves as a consistent reward for successfully performing a demonic duty. The rush of a life ending becomes a sort of euphoria after a while. The summoning call continues to shrill. Demons exist to grant any unholy human desire, with a price, of course. Nothing is free in this world, after all. I answer the summon, wholly prepared for what’s to come.

Just then, I rise from the candlelit demon trap drawn on the floor. An authentic shape made with real blood, too. I turn to address my summoner as I hear the inaudible voice of a little girl no older than 8 years. She stands firmly in my presence with a bloodied dagger in her left hand and tears in her eyes. I call out to her.

“Was it you who summoned me here, little girl? I’ve got no patience for the adolescent, child.”

She makes noise but doesn’t speak. Blood runs down her mouth. A demon summoning requires human blood—she must’ve used her own. Interesting. I choose to entertain her request.

“Please! I don’t want to play Daddy’s game no more! Mommy is crying red because of Daddy again! Please make Daddy go away!”
She speaks in a babble almost, but her woes could be discerned. She’s piqued my interest.

“What’s your payment, girl?”

She points to a bloody beaten dog laid on the floor. An animal’s life is worthless as a payment to Hell.

“That’s it? The pitiful lives of animals mean nothing as payment.”

“Please!” 
She calls out in fearful desperation.

A woman’s scream echoes through the house as footsteps come from the top of the basement stairs. A large man creaks down the staircase wearing only a dirty white shirt. He calls for the child.

“EM-...ILY! Let’s play Daddy’s favorite game again while Mommy is away!”

It’s clear what kind of mortally unholy acts are happening in this house. I can’t die until I get a proper payment, so I decide to help the little girl for my own benefit.

The man is startled as he arrives to the ground floor and sees not only the floor soaked thoroughly in red, but also an unfamiliar man-sized entity standing idly in his domain.

“Get away from that man, Emily! Now! You don’t want to be punished again, do you?!”
He intimidates her only using threats.

She walks towards her father obediently. Just as she steps by me, I grab her arm. I intervene.

“I will put an end to your suffering.”
I speak quietly to the girl. 

Blood begins to spurt from her mouth as my blade runs through her chest. She lets out a cry and screams until she loses all the strength in her body. I look her father in the eyes.

“What have you done to my little girl?!”

I let her lifeless body drop to the floor. This is a worthy payment. Her father drops to his knees in utter shock. Silence echoes throughout the house now.

“Why have you done this? My only daughter... you’re a monster!”
A fearful man turned hypocrite. 

“This is the choice your daughter chose. I’m simply doing my duty. Now you can suffer alone.”

Demons have no need for empathy. Every exchange requires a payment and now I’ve got mine. Pure bliss overflows my being as I relive my life once more before I get sent to Hell once again.

I hear a faint ringing.