Preface: I wrote this two and a half years ago as a contribution to my cousin's birthday present from his current fiance. She requested that each of his friends write a story about our Matt that involved our group of friends. It doesn't match the writing prompt exactly, and it contains some inside jokes, but in general it's about a group of college friends finding their way after they graduate. Hope you enjoy!

Binary

Kepler47-C or “C” as they called it was a strange planet far different to Earth, but it was the only habitable planet they could get to before the fuel ran out. 
The transport ship orbited the planet for a year on the little bit of remaining fuel. They observed it to see if they would be able to colonize and re-populate the human race. They occasionally sent down small crews to test the air, soil, water and atmosphere. They also had to be sure that they could harvest native plants to be used in their primary food source: a semi-plastic they referred to as “bannick”.

Over the year they realized that C was going to be a great challenge to inhabit. It was the third planet in a binary solar system and the only planet in the system that could sustain life. The suns that fed light to the system were not substantial enough on their own to heat C, but thanks to C’s slow orbit the locations on the planet where the two equators overlapped provided just enough heat to sustain life. 

The tricky part was figuring out how to live on a planet where you could not stay in any one place for very long. After all the two safe locations on the planet would constantly shift as C orbited the stars causing the colonists to continually migrate. 

At first this seemed to be an impossible task. They discussed how to grow food when you would have to migrate away from the place where you planted your crops. A small group, now known as “The Pathfinders”, mapped the path of the safe zones and theorized that the migration paths would eventually loop back to their original locations. Having discovered this they made a tough decision. They didn’t have enough food to survive the year on C before returning to the original landing site, so they would split the group into two colonies. Each colony would plant crops continuously as they migrated, once they reached the original location of the other colony they would be able to harvest and replant. 

This idea initially stunned the members of the transport ship, but as they considered a lifelong diet of bannick as the alternative they decided that perpetual migration might have its perks. Each of the pathfinders took half of the ships population and set out. 

Initially each group focused on survival. Half a year on C would be spent on short rations just attempting to avoid the dangers to them. The safe areas harbored many risks; bears, raging rapids, steep terrain and unpredictable weather. However the pathfinders were planning…

At long last they reached each other’s initial camps and the two groups were invigorated to have some fleeting contact with each other. They had left weather-proof pods with letters pictures and other keepsakes. The crops were ready to harvest and the people feasted. They now had work to take their minds off of survival. And the path finders planned…

As the colonies began to feel safe in their new lives they started repopulation. At first this was a burden to the groups having to care for children, but as the children grew the path finders realized that they had more than enough man power to harvest and plant the crops. The plan was initiated.

The two colonies would start building a very large house every ten miles. Stone by stone they built them, finishing nothing and leaving it for the other colony to continue work. Once they had the first floor built they could house themselves. Each day they would walk to the next house as a group, but now rather than migration it was a daily commute. Each family had a room, privacy and shelter. 
The second floors would become the schools. The pathfinders knew that they had many teachers amongst them and that if they were going to rebuild the human race they would have to not just survive, but pass down their knowledge.
Years past. The buildings became towns that spotted the safe strip of land that circled C. They started sending scouts out beyond the safe zones to where they would have dared not go, and found what they dared hoped to find. Fuel. And the pathfinders planned…

A settlement was chosen near the fuel supplies. Each colony worked to build up the complex. They stockpiled food and fuel and fortified the complex. On the eighth year they agreed. It was time for one of the groups to stay the long winter. They burned their supplies through the winter on a strict ration and waited in the cold.

Nine years after the discovery of the fuel the colonies joined. Although they all had to commence the migration, the pathfinders knew that together they were no longer just survivors.

