Dona Flavel. The woman to whom my father was deeply in debt.

 The reason he had fled to Seattle, seeking protection from the Cartel. 

He had decided to forgo witness protection out of his own ambition. He had been able, after jumping through all of the circus hoops INS put in front of him, to migrate legally to the United States. Although he had maintained his wealth, he had kept a low profile. 

I did not start noticing the letters until I was five. The signature was a reddish-brown, and attached to the letters were photographs of flayed or severed limbs. Each letter ended the same way: "see you in (x amount) years." The number had kept decreasing. 

Every year, upon receiving the letter (which always arrived on my birthday), I had asked my father what it meant. 

"You will find out when you are older," he said. 

Then, on my eighteenth birthday, he had finally decided to explain it to me. 

"When I was young," he said over breakfast, "about your age, maybe, I got involved in some very nasty business. Drugs. Narcotics."   
I shrugged. Hadn't everyone dabbled around in drugs when they were young? It wasn't uncommon to catch a whiff of marijuana around Westlake Park  or to see people clearly out of their gourd tripping acid in Pioneer Square. 

"I don't mean I did drugs," he continued. "I mean, I sold them. As a business."

He paused. His face turned as hard as stone as he looked me straight in the eye.

"Trafficking. Human trafficking. They wanted me to force women into prostitution. Peddle slaves." 

He took a sip of his coffee, clearly uncomfortable as he peered down at the floor.

"You see," he continued. "I was a kidnapper."

He shook his head, clearly on the verge of tears.

"One day our business took us to a cathedral. I looked up at the murals on the wall. A picture of Jesus. I wondered if God would ever forgive me. So, I tried to get out. Can you guess what happened then?"

I shook my head.

"I took the money and ran. Very, very far away. My old employer has given me a deadline to settle the debt. 35 years. There is a condition to that - if I have any offspring, you, and I do not pay up, they are going to kill you. Do you know what happens if I am dead by then?"   
I shook my head again.

"Then they will come for you. And if you can not pay up, they will find you, and they will kill you."

Since then, life happened. I attended to the University of Washington, graduating with a degree in Geography, which soon turned into a graduate degree in Geography after a few more years. After having saved a little, I took a post at the University of Reading as a lecturer. Life had had its ups and downs in the interim - the occasional failed relationship, a recession putting my investments at risk, business enterprises and creative projects that went nowhere, and I had to see my father's last breath, but other than those setbacks, life was good.   
Then, it happened. My 35th birthday.  
My colleagues, most of them much paler and posher and more British than I was, wished me a happy birthday, raising their cups of tea in a mock toast and urging me to check my mailbox for greeting cards. Eventually, I did.   
There it was - the final card before I had to pay or die. Stapled to the card were photographs of tortured, mutilated bodies, bruised and smeared with feces.   
"SEE YOU TOMORROW." 