When Death walked into the bar, those who could die, did. The rest mostly ignored the effects, some due to a prolonged case of immortality, others feeling that their pre-existing lack of any life signs did not warrant a reaction. I sighed, anticipating an evening cleaning up corpses, but noticeably remained breathing as Death approached a stool. 

Death did not need to “walk” per se, but the action certainly allowed for the most emotive posture. A slumping where the shoulders would be, a slight dragging of the feet. Slow, almost reluctant movements, as if the next step required supreme effort and offered no reward. 

The temperature noticeably dropped as the being called Death came closer, and my breath clouded the air in front of me. It took a seat, as much as a trailing cloud of black mist can sit. More sort of...clumped in and around the stool area. A breathy voice emerged, full of the cold and loneliness of an eternity spent mourning. “Whiskey.” 

Now I pride myself on my manners, and I am surely not one to judge, but I can’t deny that I hesitated for a second while I considered how this foggy mess could go about drinking a whiskey. But barkeep I am and keep a bar I do, so I grabbed a bottle and a shot glass and slid them across the bar. 

A key part of a barkeep’s job is to know when your customers want to talk and when they want left alone. And when you work where I work, you learn to read expressions well, or deal with the consequences of reading the signs wrong. (Said consequences usually being frustratingly torture based.) But this time, having nothing to go on except a feeling, I took a shot in the dark and didn’t think about the consequences if I missed.

“Tough day at work?” (Immediate cringing dread.) 

A long pause. Followed by something that sounded suspiciously like a quiet snort of laughter. 

“You could say that.” (Immediate and profound relief.)

More silence, during which I studied the figure in front of me. The black mist moved slowly about, drifting but somehow contained. Its shape was insubstantial and mostly unformed, but there was somehow a weight to it. A heaviness that threatened to drag me down the more I watched, down under oceans of sorrow and regret that I faintly began to sense. Tiny, almost imperceptible motes of white light floated towards the mist, drawn like moths to a bright flame, and as I watched I saw their light dim, lower and lower until they were black, black as a moonless night, black as the deepest ocean, black as... well as my mood had suddenly become. They melded with the black mist, drawn into the fold, no longer bright or unique, just one more piece of nothingness amongst this conglomerate of nothing in front of me. And as each one joined the rest and winked out, I felt a pang of loss deep in my chest. 

I shook myself. Wiped a hand across my eyes which stung with tears I hadn’t known were there. 

“I’m tired.”

I blinked. “Sorry?”

“I’m tired of it all. Tired of the endless march towards this end I give. Tired of the pain and the misery and the emptiness. Why me? Why always? Must I never be or do or become anything but this?”

I searched frantically for something to say. “Surely it can’t be all bad? Surely some welcome you when you visit them. There are always some who want to die.”

“They want to, yes. Until the end. Until their spark is just about to go out. Then they see the horror of nothing in front of them, and they fear. They fear me. And I am tired of being feared.” 

“Well, call me blunt but it’s not like you can give it all back, is it? You have to keep going, just like the rest of us.” I nodded sagely at my own advice, dredged up from my shallow well of wisdom. 

Another pause. This one longer. Much longer. (That dread that visited earlier came back for another chat.) 

“Give it back..? Give it back. I could just...give it back.”

An alarm bell went off somewhere in the recesses of my admittedly sparsely populated brain. The citizens turned it off and went back to doing not much of anything. 

“Well you can’t do that obviously, so as I said...buckle up and whatnot.” I noticed the whiskey bottle was empty and fetched another one, wondered how that’d happened and decided not to question the custom. 

A breathless laugh emerged from the mist. It sounded like the laugh of someone in the grip of an epiphany, gasping delight, astounded joy. “I can give it back!”

The alarm came back on and this time the citizens took notice and thought about maybe doing a fire drill. “No,” I said, “No you can’t. You just can’t do that. That’s not how it works.”

“It works how I say it works. And I say...I’m giving it back.” The air temperature dropped again, and I sensed myself on precarious footing, due to my barkeep’s intuition. “How have I never realised? I am not bound by laws. I am law, the last law, that which no being can break. I have bound myself and I can choose to be unbound!”

“Well then I suppose you probably know best.” (Nervous chuckle.) 

It was hard to spot at first, a subtle and infinitely slow process, but undeniable when one watched closely enough. The motes of light...stopped. Began to reverse, moving away from the black mist, those deeper within regaining light, joining the exodus that was happening before my eyes. Faster and faster, they sped away in shining masses, and the cloud of gathered mist began to dissipate. It felt like an eternity and it happened in the blink of an eye and it went on and on and on and suddenly - suddenly it stopped. 

I looked at the empty stool in front me. I looked around at the suddenly completely packed bar full of blinking, lost looking patrons, and I realised that what I had innocently, inadvertently caused would devastate and change everything unimaginably, forever. 

I scratched my head. Pushed down a clawing sense of guilt and panic that started to gnaw its way through my chest. Glanced around at the countless, silent throng filling my bar where before there had been only a few and a collection of corpses.

“Going to need to hire more staff then.” 