It's a garden, at least, I think that's where I am. It's nice, maybe just a meadow or a particularly beautiful field somewhere. There was never an instruction manual- every time I try something like this, it's such a drain. Squirrels and chipmunks titter in the trees nearby, deferential to a larger entity in such close proximity. Birds are singing. At least I know that much, those are birds, feathers and song and lightness. It's the hollow bones, I tell myself, they gave up what weighed them down.
I rise, at least, this is what it is to have risen, up from the grasses and the flowers and the soil. Soil! I don't know what this strikes me as curious. The grass seems to like the dirt, those hedgehogs and gophers and all manner of burrowing animals popping up in this field enjoy it, as much as the fish in that brook appear to enjoy the water. It just looks right, they look contented in their medium. I feel as though I know what they're experiencing, existing just as they should where they should.
I walk. I still remember nothing of the spell I cast leaving me without memory. it will come back. It always does. It can be terrifying the first time you do it. I sense I've done this before, wiped it all clean in one grand act. A reflex that tells me this isn't wrong, but there are pitfalls.
This thing is adorable, I think, as a small, furry thing rubs at my ankles. I know it's a cat, but I couldn't tell you why I know it's a cat. It must be feral, or a barn cat or something. What else would it be doing in this meadow? There are several of them, but this one seems smaller, and less coordinated. Now a dog approaches, and jumping up, places its paws on me. It gazes into me with love and I return in kind the kindred feeling. Momentarily I look to the cat. I'm not anxious. I'm not worried. The cat is dwarfed by the dog, and yet while I sense there is an interplay between them, there is no animus.
I feel my strength return, but still no memory. There was a sound, an internal rumbling, like hearing trouble far off but in your own mind. The echo of the sound grows louder now, more clear as I move from the open space into the trees.
A beautiful light filters down through the branches, the trees luxuriating in the light, drawing nourishment from it, just as beetles and worms drew nourishment from the trees in turn. Still, no pain. No anger, no disappointment in the action of the bugs in their continual destruction of these large, stalwart beauties swaying quietly around me. The leaves suddenly shook as the breeze picked up. I follow it deeper into the wood to a clearing.
I can feel like the light as I once felt darkness. I do not care for the darkness, however much I recognize it as necessary for the existence of the light. The clearing ahead is bathed in light, and yet feels more like darkness. It was a warm, inviting space, but I can sense a change. Something is off. There are no birds here. The elk and bear I passed in the woods have left. The horses and pigs in their herds cut a wide berth. No bugs feast on the three in the middle of this clearing. There are three animals here and I can sense them each in turn. A snake, whom I love dearly among the fruit hanging from the branches of the tree; a small, pink thing prostrate in front of me; and finally, his companion whose name I recognize as the rumbling within me, "Ishah."