Let's cut to the chase.

I'm a superhuman consultant, I help people with absolutely terrible superpowers get jobs, and overall learn to use them correctly.

People usually come in with terrible abilities like a tape dispenser elbow, or a pimple on their forehead that can bend reality.

It seems someone's at the door.

An extremely distracting woman walks into the room. It's not her figure that's distracting, it must be her--

"Alright, you need to help me," she says, interrupting my train of thought.

I glance up from my notes, she looks exhausted.

"Hey," she snaps, "you try running on an hour of sleep!"

"Clearly you're a telepath."

"Yes," she sits down in the chair across from mine. The curls in her hair spring up and down. She insecurely grabs her locks of hair.

"Could you stop narrating?"

"Alright. What's seems to be the problem?"

"Can't you tell already?"

I shake my head no. She stares at me weirdly.

"I can hear people's thoughts, but I can't *not* hear their thoughts."

"Any other superpowers I should know about?"

"Whenever *I* think, it gives everyone standing near me a bad headache."

"They can't hear your thoughts?"

"I don't *think* they can."

She squirms in her chair, fidgeting with her hands.

"What, is your superpower narrating other people's lives?," she looks at me strangely.

I sit further back in my chair, "Not exactly."

My power isn't remotely close to what she described. It's actually a combination to two powers. Reality bending, and forcing facts. The latter being the ability to prevent others from telling lies.

A byproduct of that just so happens to be my constant need to narrate on top of others.

The woman who still happens to be here seems to have heard my internal monologue, "You're a reality bender?," her face contorts to one of distress.

"Do you want me to help or not?," I'm getting impatient.

"Fine, fine," she throws up a defensive gesture, "do you have anything that can solve the mind reading thing?"

I do have this.

The thing is, because I can bend reality, I can also narrate myself picking up an item that doesn't yet exist.

I kneel down under the desk and open up a drawer. I pull out a pair of lensless glasses hooked up to a power dampener.

"You're pretty good," she says, unable to help eavesdropping.

I hand her the glasses.

"So I just put these on and I can't listen to people's thoughts anymore?"

"Yes, and the power dampener can be turned off at any time to put your abilities to use again."

"Thanks!"

"You're welcome."

She leaves the room to make room for the next client to come in. I hope it isn't as awkward as that last one.

