"Can I use my mason's tools to help fix the northern wall?" Jim asked desperately.

"Well, considering you still count as Poisoned, you would have disadvantage on the roll, so roll twice and take the lower," Antonio replied.

"A 16 and a... 4... dang it," Jim looked over his character sheet dejected. "William, do you think you can get any of your hirelings to help?"

William looked over all the minis arranged on the walls of the plastic fort. "I don't think so, they are busy dealing with all the low level attackers on the right. I can't because if I get hit, I won't be able to keep up my morale buff. If only Sam could have made it tonight, he could have dealt with those big hitters first."

Antonio looked at his turn order. "Jim, I am going to need a Constitution saving throw from you at the end of your turn."

"I got a 6."

"Ok, you take 1d8 poison damage for... 5 hp. Anything else you would like to do?"

"I guess I will draw my knives to dual wield and hold my action to attack anyone who comes through this door." Jim slunk a little deeper into his chair and took a big gulp of his whiskey.

"Ok, the forces of the Republic are up. They are going to add a few more of the infantry guys to this side of the board," Antonio strained, as he reached over the board and placed a handful of skirmishers on the right hand side. "David and William, you can see in the distance, the enemy general has taken the field. He sits atop a white horse, and he is decked out in gear. I am talking huge hat with the feathered plume, medals, saber, the works. On the northern wall, the forces are going to... be able to climb the wall and begin entering the fort." Antonio moved several of the miniatures over the plastic wall, carefully counting out the spaces moved. "Ok, then, David, you are up sir!"

"You said I could see the General over there and I can see these guys climbing the walls?"

"Yes."

"Ok, then I would like to first use my Inspiring Leader feat to heal all my allies within 6 squares for 4 hp."

"Ok," Antonio said as he made notes of the damage.

"Then I would like to charge in!"

William looked up from his plans, immediately frustrated, "Damn it David, you are going to get us all TPKed!"

Antonio smiled, "Ok David, how do you want to do this?"

David grinned. "I want to lift my rifle up like a club, charge in, and yell, "REMEMBER THE ALAMO!"