I detected the faintest rattle of keys before the door clicked opened into my own personal exhibit tucked away in a supermax prison somewhere in Mississippi. By the heavy breathing, the scrape of his worn soles, I knew my visitor to be Officer Cleburne making his morning rounds. Undoubtedly the stench from his breath would...and there it was. I was vexed and appalled by that fetid odor but the lack of any form of mental stimulation other than my own thoughts made me much more amenable to any minute change in my surroundings.

"Well hello there Mr. Marzipan," he called with that hayseed drawl. He shuffled towards my cage but paused just out of reach. His bloated body was shoved haphazardly into an ill-fitting uniform, his mustache still coated in grease. He looked at me with the dull eyes of a cow beholding a caged lion.

"Mortimer," I corrected for the five hundred and third time. "And good morning to you, Gerald, how are you today?"

"Oh, can't complain. You know, gettin' older, got a touch of the gimpy leg, my gout is acting up what with all the weather and then there's this strange thing growin' on my arm, would you like to see it?"

"Thank you, Gerald, but no I would not like to see that. Perhaps you should consult your dermatologist."

"Oh, okay, I spose."

The hillbilly looked momentarily chastened as he ceased rolling up the left sleeve of his wrinkled polyester uniform.

"Did you find that copy of Dante's Inferno I asked for?" I knew full well he had not.

"Uh, no, I uh...no I haven't found it yet." He looked distracted. His eyes glossed over, the one pathetic wheel housed in that lardaceous cranium had begun to turn.

"Something wrong Gerald?"

"Mr. Maritime..."

"Mortimer," I corrected. 504th.

"How long have I been comin' here to see you?"

"Oh...I'd say something like...12 years 3 months 2 days, why do you ask?"

He whistled. "Twelve years? It's strange to think about. I mean I think I've changed a bit over the last few, you know?"

Six waste sizes. Hair plugs. Two fewer teeth. A substantial amount of ear and nose hair. Skin is waxy and oily from a diet consisting primarily of fried meats and high-fructose corn syrup.

"Gerald, you have aged like fine wine."

"I spose, but you...you don't look to have changed one bit. Not one white hair on ya. It's just a bit strange Mr. Moriarty."

I bit my tongue. I rather liked that one.

"The other guards, they git to talkin' sometimes. Some of them have been here longer than me, like old Joe. But he's not alright in the head these days."

"Sorry to hear that, I always liked old Joe."

"But they get to wonderin' like me. Just...just how old are you anyway?"

"Gerald, it's not polite to ask," I said with a twinkle and a grin. "I'm probably not too much younger than you anyway. My family is known for their longevity and I have ways of keeping myself in shape."

The officer's eyes widened. "What kind of ways? Like...spells or witchcraft?"

I laughed.

"I promise, no witchcraft. Instead I practice CrossFit. It is a high-intensity interval strength and conditioning program that activates all the muscles. I'm quite fastidious and I've been doing it for sometime. Perhaps you should look into it yourself, Gerald."

"Oh...yeah...I think I've heard of that. But you aren't like...you know...a vampire, like Nosfer-ahh-tu or anything, right?"

"Of course not, Gerald. There are no such things as vampires. Even if they did exist, I get two hours of direct sunlight through the window every day. By almost every literary interpretation my skin should have burst into flames and boiled off of my body. But it has yet to do so."

"You have a fair point, Mr. Marmot. But it seems like everone that works here comes to ah uh..." his voice trailed off.

"An affliction?" I prodded. "A devastating illness? An untimely end?"

For a moment Officer Cleburne could not find words and I watched him, helpless, as his lips moved without making a sound.

"Gerald, life is filled with maladies, unexpected events, coincidences that we don't fully comprehend. Life is pain. Life is torture. It is a prison in human flesh. If we live long enough, something unfortunate is bound to happen. And it is natural to ask why and look for answers. Sometimes we look to science, or to God, sometimes we look to whatever is nearest for an explanation. But sometimes there are no real answers to be had at all."

He puckered his lips and nodded thoughtfully. Then he looked up to me with those sad cow eyes.

"But you aren't like an immortal demon or anything are you?"

I grinned teeth at the diseased bag of slowly rotting meat wearing its ill-fitting skin, that mass of fat and bloated entrails gently squeezing a beleaguered beating heart.

"Gerald, how about getting that book I asked for?"