I roamed the scorched, torn apart streets. The vestiges of what once were great buildings lay scattered in the path. The silence, which I used to find comforting, now made my bones quiver. I missed the bustle of the crowds, and their awful jokes. I missed the smell of food, and the fresh scent of spring. I missed their tales, and I missed so much more.

So far, I had found a single family alive. I hadn't searched too much, for I had focused my efforts on taking them to safety.

They called me Life, and it suited me. They couldn't see me, nor hear me, but I had guided them with a path of stones to a cave in the mountains, where I left them with enough food for two weeks. Then, I came back to the city, seeking for life.

Six days had gone by, and all I had found was wreckage, dry blood, and the thick reek of radioactivity. There had to be more survivors. I had heard the rattling of those weirds creatures hunting.

I sighed, and sat atop a pile of broken boulders. The night was deep, and the moon shied away behind thunderclouds.

Something tugged the back my robe. It must have gotten trapped inside a crack. It happened a lot, for it loved to billow. I pulled it free, without success. I turned.

A woman stood there. Her skin was jaundiced and she had no hair. Her jowls were sunken, and her extremities were extremely thin.

"Help me," she said. Her voice was soft and fragile.

I froze in place. She could see me? How? She was still alive. I couldn't taste her soul. 

I placed my scythe atop her head, and it shimmered iridescent. The countless colors bathed her in a gleaming shower of light, and once it faded, her skin had recovered her natural tone, pale-white.

"Is there anyone else contaminated?" I asked.

She shook her head.

"How did you survive alone for so long?"

"I don't know," she said, mouth quivering. "I don't know what is happening. I-I just woke up. Am I dead?

That didn't make any sense. Had she been asleep for an entire year? Why didn't the radioactivity kill her?

"No, you are not. Follow me," I said. "I will take you with the others."

The rattling of approaching steps resounded in the distance. The creatures were coming.

----------------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall - For more stories. I might continue this later! 

         