“Victoria, please.” Anna began. Her face look beyond pained, eyes welling with tears. She sat down by my bed and held my hand. “Please listen to me. You’ve known me since we could both barely even walk.”

Anna had always been a sister to me. I’ve never trusted—or loved—anyone more her. But she was wrong this time. 

“Anna stop it,” I said coldly. “You always treat me like a stupid child. I know what’s at stake and I need to stop this madness.”

Anna burst into tears and buried her face in her hands. I looked away just in time to see the door open. A sigh of relief escaped my mouth. It was Lord Cheltenham, who I recognized as one of my late father’s most trusted privy councilors. He met my eyes and bowed his head quickly.

“Lady Stewart, may I have some time alone with Her Royal Highness.”

“No, the princess needs me here, Lord Cheltenham, thank you.” Anna replied in between sobs.

“No I don’t!” I snapped, seething with anger and impatience.

Anna and Lord Cheltenham turned their heads toward me, the former with bloodshot eyes and a face unrecognizably wet with tears. “Victoria why don’t you understand? You’re sick!” Anna screamed, sobbing uncontrollably. I turned my face away from her hysterics, but she continued. “Victoria you’re sick and I can’t bear the thought of leaving you here. You’re my sister and if anything were to happen—”

“Anna, not another word. Leave us now!”

Anna wailed loudly and ran out of the room. I waited until her cries and footsteps faded away before acknowledging Lord Cheltenham, who walked toward me and sat himself at my bed, where she had been.

“Princess Victoria” he began. “Now with some privacy, we can discuss your concerns.”

“Yes” I agreed, relieved. “Have you spoken with my brother? May I return home?”

“His Majesty says that you ought not to return to London just yet. If I could get you to tell me everything, ma’am, perhaps I can help your brother better understand you.”

I told him everything. How Mephistopheles, the dragon I kept under Buckingham Palace, was being persecuted and tortured by the MI5 and experimented on by those military bigwigs in London without my brother’s knowledge. How I didn’t need any saving from him. How I wanted them to leave him alone. How he was my pet—my friend, even! 

“Mephistopheles wouldn’t hurt a fly and I am not a damsel in distress, Lord Cheltenham. Whatever those fools in my brother’s privy council are telling him are nothing but lies, and what they are doing violates all sorts of laws about humane treatment of other creatures.” I finished.

Lord Cheltenham lowered his spectacles. “I understand, ma’am,” he replied gravely, reaching for a bottle of pills. “I will return to London with this testimony for His Majesty. But first I have brought some pills your brother would like you take daily.”

“Those? Certainly not! That is without a doubt some poison from those councilors of his!” I retorted angrily, refusing to even look at the bottle.

“Olanzapine isn’t poison, ma’am, with respect. It is medicine intended to help you feel better. Schizophrenia is a treatable affliction—”

“I am not sick! I am perfectly fine, Lord Cheltenham. And if you think otherwise you can leave with that woman Anna!” I screamed. “Now go run back to London and tell my brother to execute those fools and bring me back home!”

Lord Cheltenham stood up and looked at me with heaviness. “I will leave these here, ma’am, and hope you change your mind.”

He bowed and left me alone in silence.