It was 12:11pm. I had only been on my lunch break for eleven minutes, eating a chicken sandwich parked across the road from the gates of a local high school. This was my usual spot to take break since it made me feel like I was still doing my duty even though I was stuffing my face at the same time. Got to protect our future. Though I was grateful for the sacrifice every chicken made for the sake of mankind. The police radio was busy, there were a lot of strange attacks going on. Domestic violence calls, physical assaults, along with breaking and entering. It was way more than what would usually be going on around this time. Something was off, I could feel it. But nothing was going on near my area. There was a class going on in the courtyard, students were doing outside physical ED. The weather was great for it, so seemed like a good idea to me. But then some guy in a business suit came shuffling up to the school gates. His face was pale, and he was walking like he might have stayed out drinking too late with his buddies.

I put my half-eaten sandwich down and watched. He bumped into the gates rails, like he didn’t realize they were there. Again and again he would bump into them. I kept watching until finally the coach from the class walked up to the gate. Don’t bother the man, he’ll go away, eventually. I knew this coach though; he had a short temper for a stubby man. He was pretty uptight about fitness, but he didn’t seem like the type to practice what he preaches. When he’s not talking about fitness, he talked about the school and how he’s an alumnus. He really cared about this place, that's why he worked there. He likes to act like the school is his sanctuary. However, he seems like the type people should keep their eye on… Though, being a cop shouldn’t judge him. He fussed at the man at the gate, I couldn’t hear anything, but I could see it in the coaches expressions.

The man kept bumping into the gate, ignoring him. The coach took out a walkie talkie and said a few things and walked away. The man kept bumping into the gate, this reminded me of something but I don’t remember… A cartoon I think, though it's been years since I seen it, I forget its name. I picked back up my sandwich and continued to savor the chicken, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and mayo served on a freshly baked bun. It was delicious. Moments later the coach came back. Five minutes before I go back on duty. Behind the coach followed the school Principal and Vice Principal. The Principal looked like he was trying to persuade the man at the gate to leave. He sweated profusely. Constantly wiping away the sweat from his forehead. He had a receding hair line, though I’m sure tons of stress caused it, since he deals with a lot on a daily basis. The Vice Principal was a tall lady, taller than both the Principal and the Coach, but she was a beautiful brunette. I believe she is much older than me but aging seemed to be in her favor.

Nothing seemed to get through to the man continuously bumping into the gate. One minute till I go on duty. The coach seemed to get upset and grabbed the man. The man stopped moving. In almost a blink he bent his body in an unnatural way and bit the coaches arms. The Coach fell to the ground with blood spurting from the wound. The Vice Principal and Principal hauled the Coach away. But if my intentions are correct, this is bad, and I’m not about to have a highschool of the dead situation on my hands. It was time for duty.

I unbuckled my seat belt, called the station and told them what was going on, but I was going in. I pulled my baton off the side of my belt, got out of my car and ran towards the business man. His face was covered in the coaches blood.

“Hey!” I shouted, it turned towards me and let out a menacing groan. “Mhnnnagh!” Just as I expected. His eyes were all white. His blood veins were all blue and could be seen through his pale skin. He looked like someone who had been dead for a long time.

“Police!”

My baton hit the side of his head, using my old baseball swing. I was a former college baseball player before becoming a Police officer. I was also the pinch hitter. The body of the man went limp and almost did a full flip but instead crashed face first into the ground. He wasn’t getting back up. Not with that damage.

Even though the zombie man was taken care of, we still had a problem. The gate was locked, good, but I needed to get inside. Luckily, I used to practice parkour. So, I stepped back and faced the wall. I sprinted towards it, jumped, planted one foot firmly on the surface of the wall and pushed my self up to grab the ledge. I pulled myself over and dropped down the side of the wall and sprinted towards the school building.

Once inside the Principal was on the intercom, he was explaining the situation with the coach before being cut off by a similar moan sound. He panicked, but he had left the mic on, so the entire school heard all of it. I drew my gun and hurried towards the faculty office.

When I arrived outside the faculty office, I heard the Vice Principal scream, I kicked the door open, and fired. Down went the Principal, down went the coach. I walked over to the Vice Principal.

“Have you been bitten?”

She shook in fright, but nodded.

“Then I’m sorry... At least you get to go out, while still being human.”

I lifted my gun, she shouted, “What are you doing, are you insane!?”

No… but if what just happened is anything to go by… then this had to be done. I truly am sorry. She screamed in her final breath, but it was over. There would be no epidemic in this highschool. I pray the same could be said for the city.