When i awoke i didn't feel sick or headachey, i didn't feel sore or unwell in anyway. I noticed the lack of...something immediately. Something was missing from myself. Something vital to my very existence yet clearly removable.

 It was as though something had simply been removed and the void was filling up with nothingness. I sat up on the bench i was lying on smacked my lips against the dry taste in my mouth. Something metallic and tangible but at the same time occult and on the tip of my tongue. Nothing seemed at fault with the world. The sky was blue and the sun was shining as bright and vividly as always. 

It took a few moments of sitting there in a post sleep daze to realize that the area around me was quite busy. People were running, jogging, and sunbathing on the beach in front of the bench. There were children playing in the sand with there parents and men attempting to chat up women who didn't look interested. There was a public restroom nearby where someone was showering. The trees were all neatly lined up and rustling gently in the breeze. It was another wonderful day and yet all these mundane acts seemed strange.
 The fact that people were showing instead of simply not being dirty was absurd and the act of lying in the sun to develop pigmentation of the skin was weird. I was confused. The confusion only compounding when i realize that i'm completely unsure of where i am. Then again the very idea that i'm not where i'm meant to be is silly, i wasn't drinking last night was I? 

I help my hand out in front of me and attempted to grab a bottle of water that wasn't there, but it didn't appear. That was odd. I tried again, my thirst becoming quite acute now, and -once more- it didn't work! With a slight panic i rose and walked to a nearby water fountain and drank deeply before retreating to my bench again. 
This was bizarre i couldn't remember anything about the night before except a profound sense that it was important to me somehow. After a few moment thoughts as to why i decided it couldn't be that important. Time to go home...where is home...it's...somewhere... well this was odd, i came to the slow conclusion that i didn't know where i live and after a few panicked moments i realized i didn't know much.just my name, Marcus. I sat there in my own world of complete distraught, mind wrecking, confusing panic while remaining completely blank to the world around me with their strange ways.

 i looked down at the brown ragged robes i wore and didn't expect to find anything in the pockets that i searched anyway. A few bits of string, a stone with a hole in it and a felt star. Nothing useful there then. I even checked under the sagging hat on my head that appeared to have been quite well worn. Surprisingly i did find something there, a small note.

"if you finde this hat, returne it to thy university" 
strange...it didn't mention what university. 
I clutched once more mentally to the only fact i had.
 My name was Marcus. 

While i didn't *know* anything exactly, i did have impressions on things. Sort of memory of a memory type feelings that implied stuff. Yesterday felt important, painful, desperate. People sunbathing and playing with children was weird, out of place and useless. I got the impression that i was wearing what was right and this city, honking, driving, sunbathing and built with straight edges was weird. I tried my very best to think of *why* i was here but i only got one very powerful impression. 

It was my fault.

Edit: formatting and spelling