I open my eyes in the hospital. Everything is so bright. The doctors check my eyes. All normal. Dang I guess it was a dream.

What was the dream again? 

---------

... I should have woken up in the hospital. This doesnt sound like the hospital. But I can see now, so maybe I am? Everything hurts my eyes. So bright. 

"Yo asshole, you blind? Move up in the Hellp line. We dont want to wait here all day!"

"What do you mean I'm dead? I only had a few shots of vodka before I drove!" 

"Thank you for stopping by the hellp center, your local purgatory. Please take a ticket and find a seat in the waiting area."

Somehow I ended up in a seat with a piece of paper in my hand. The machine told me it was number 666,666,123. Lots of shapes surround me. They sound like people talking. 

Half an hour later my number gets called and I get dragged by an invisible force to another room. 

There's another block of shapes in front of me. It starts to talk. Oh this must be what a person looks like.

"Ah shit. I screwed up again. If my boss finds out I'll be fired for sure this time. Listen kid, you weren't supposed to be here this decade."

"What? I'm supposed to be dead next decade?"

"Shit I slipped again. Look, I said nothing. You hear? Now I'm gonna send you back and we're gonna pretend this was all a drea–"

"Hey, I don't want to die next decade! Why am I in purgatory? Where's your supervisor? I gotta talk with your manager!"

"No you're not. You're going to wake up like nothing happened and I get to keep my job."

"When I wake up I'm gonna pray lots to all the dieties I can think of about your screwup. Jesus, Allah, Buddha, that dead Scientolgist, or whoever's your superiors."

"... Shit...K fine. I'll grant you one wish. Usually I ask for a soul in exchange but if you don't tell anyone about this, but I'll make an exception this time. Deal? "

" Deal. I want to live a long life."

"No can do. It's in my employment contract to hunt your life down when your time is up. Just like that movie Final Destination." 

"... Then I want to be able to predict the future so i can run away from my death." 

"But that makes my job harde–" 

"I'm gonna start praying now." 

"Alright fine. Abracadabra hocus pocus. There you go. Wish granted. " 

"... But I dont feel any different." 

"Powers take effect in the living world. Now I'm gonna send you back. Bye bye." 

I'm dragged again to a new room. Half an hour goes by. Suddenly I start to feel very warm. My body begins to evaporate.

In the distance I hear, 

"You took the wrong person to purgatory again?! You're fired! No I mean it. I don't care about what your angry wife will do! Get out!" 

-----

"The TV isn't in sync with the audio, nurse. Could you turn it off for me?" 

The tv gets turned off and turns back on again. The nurse goes to the tv and hits the power button. The screen goes black. 

"Whoa, did you just see the screen flicker?" 

"I'm sorry sir? It flickered? I had my eyes on the tv, I don't think so. By the way, why are you watching teletubbies? " 

"Teletubbies? I was watching the news. There was a car crash on November 1st." 

"... Sir, today's only October 29."