Asked the doctor if the miniaturization process would permanently change any of my parts. She laughed. I didn't. Laying back into the chair my thoughts flashed to the last case. Closed in a matter of hours. This one the same, but in miniature. Hah. It stung, a dull sensation that felt like those burns you used to give each other when you were a kid, squeeze tight. Let go. In a blink everything around me grew as large as Mt. Fiji. A gigantic hand picked me up and transported me, the winds of air rushing by my face, into a room filled with clothes just my size. Prison garb, my UPC etched on the back. My body intact as well as my mind. The stinging dulled as the hand lifted me up and over to a door way that just moments ago had been the size of a pinky fingernail. Now, looming over me. Opening the door the hustle and bustle of a town teeming with people, the smell of fresh foods and the clamor of vehicles screeching to and fro arose. My feet, booted from the dressing set touched down step by step. To my east was ocean, a puddle at full size, an ocean as far as my eyes could see at this size. The communicator in my ear came to life. "Johnson. How's it feel?" "What's this guy look like?" "He's a little bit taller than you, one arm is a scythe though. There's that difference." "Got it." At the bottom of the steps my liaison greeted me with a subtle head nod and quickly put me in cuffs. You don't have to be so rough. She was strong. Maybe she didn't know her strength. They put me in the back of a van, and we whisked away to the prison. Passing by storefront after storefront, everything felt the same as it did in the Big World. People are people. Humanity is humanity even in miniature. And then blackness. Fading in and out time felt like it was going through a haze. Sharp pain in my side. Black. A scream. Black. Screeching brakes. Black. Tumbling. Tumbling. Searing hot. Black. Pain. Yells. Black. Black. Black. Awoken by a splash of water and the sound of a sharp metal on metal ting, ting, ting. "Good to see you again." Through squinted eyes, my head aching like it was split. There he was. Fully weaponized arm, grin across his face. "They sent you down here to get me?" My teeth felt like each one of them was loose. "It's okay. You'll be fine eventually. I wasn't trying to kill you. Just scare you a bit." Great. Good job. You can't scare someone if they can't remember what happened. My body just aches. "Look, they're after me because I escaped. But I can't ever get out of here again, and neither can you. We need you healthy so you can help us." "Why would I help you?" "You really think that you're the hero here don't you?" He laughed. Dragged his scythe arm behind him as he walked over to a projector. Clicked it on. "Watch." As the projector spun up, my eyes watering from pain fixated on what appeared before me. It couldn't be. But it was...