"We decided it was time you knew." said my mother.  
"Knew what?" I asked.
She and my father locked eyes for a moment, before looking back at me.  
"We saw how hard you strugged this last few months sweetie."  
I felt tears trying to escape my eyes.  
"But we thought we did the right thing by not telling you." My father added "We thought it would help you build character."  
"And when you were diagnosed you were just seven, you wouldn't understand at that age." My mother explained
"And look how far you have gotten!" said my father and he spread his arms out. I saw a tiny speck of red on his skin peering from under his sleeve. I figured he scratched himself on a nail while working on the shed the other day.  
"I mean you got good grades in high school, and even got into college. And when you dropped out... I mean... You started your own buisness! You always soldier on."  
I nodded. I felt confused.  
"What is going on?" I asked. "Why did mom say I got diagnosed when I was seven? -Wait a minute, I remember being in a room with a one way mirror, and a lady came to play with me. Was that it?"  
My parents avoided my eyes, and my mother was fumbling with the tassels on a trow pillow.  
"Yes" she said in a skreeking voice. "We should have told you sooner. Honey you have Atention Deficit Disorder."  
  
"Yes, thank you Robert, I will senot them to you tomorrow. Ok, goodbye. Yes. Bye."  
I hang up the phone.  
I smile.  
I just sold fifty shirts I designed to a local store.  
I am so happy.  
Buisness is booming for me.  
And to think six months ago I went nearly bankrupt.  
I was always working, busy all the time, but I just never knew what the hell I was doing. I was just running around like a headless chicken, no sense of direction, blind panick, and the constant feeling that I should just keep going.  
All the years of my life I felt that I just needed to try harder, all those times I hit the same walls. I could never finish a project, always starting new things. I would always loose my stuff. Forget important meetings. And I had dropped out of college because I felt overwhelmed, and I would always do my assignments last minute, no matter how often I had told myself to start earlier.  
If only I had known that it was not my fault. It wasn't. I did try hard enough.  
Seeing a therapist and taking medication has changed my life dramatically.  
I actually feel happy every now and then.  