“How much further?” asked Xylenor, in between ragged breaths.

He didn’t get an answer. The dwarf at his side was less than half his height, reaching only up to his scabbard. That meant that Blomor had to work twice as hard just to keep up at the current pace they were going, as they plunged through the thick undergrowth, plowed through the coarsened vegetation. The inevitable gloom of dusk was also falling across the horizon, signalling the onset of darkness, which was never an ideal condition for fighting, no matter how you cut it.

They reached a fork in the trail, and Blomor gestured to the left. Xylenor fell in line, and briefly hoped that the others would pick up on their trail, scent the waymarks he had been leaving behind at regular intervals.

“Not much further now,” said Blomor, his pace slowing. “When will your reinforcements arrive?”

“Soon,” said Xylenor, hoping that he would not be proven wrong.

“They better. We can’t take them on our own.”

Xylenor’s stomach tightened in knots. He yearned to throw caution to the winds, unleash his magic there and then. A single thunderflare first, which would bathe the forests for miles around with a single peal of light, a flash of sound. That would mark their location, give the patrols a destination to home in on. Then Xylenor would link forces with the dwarf, and together they would marshal the latent energies in the surroundings, tear open a portal at their location, create a forward position from which their brethren could quickly pour forth.

And how easy it would be. The elves were the lynchpin in the Alliance, masters at channelling and processing the raw magic which permeated their world. The dwarves, with their knack for intricate, delicate spellweaving, did wonders with the relatively meagre amounts of magic they dredged up. And the goblins, or at least the last few which still survived, would harmonize the discordant spells unleashed in battle, pluck the stray strands which zipped through the air, and rally it all into a single, living, breathing orchestra of magic.

But Xylenor knew they could afford no such luxury. If they were to meet the challenge lying ahead, they would need every shred of magic at their disposal. 

“We’re getting close,” said Blomor.

“Was this where you first came upon them?” asked Xylenor.

“Aye. My partner’s still out there, somewhere, keeping watch. Just a normal routine inspection. The humans have been keeping to their side of the bargain, keeping off our territory. But some of our younglings often cross the border, thinking themselves brave enough to weather whatever’s lying ahead.”

“They were the ones who first alerted you?”

“In a way,” said Blomor. “We found them running back towards our outposts, damn near screaming their heads off in fear.”

“Is it bad?” asked Xylenor.

Blomor nodded. “Very.”

They crested a hill, and then Xylenor saw it for himself. The plumes of smoke against the setting sun seemed like the stormdrakes of old, twisting gently as they stretched out into the heavens. Xylenor counted at least four main conflict points, marked by the scorched earth and shattered trees. He focused, sharpening his senses with a seasoning of magic. The sounds of battle still raged on, but he had trouble making out the dancing giants in the distance.

“Their shields are still up,” said Xylenor.

“Aye. We had trouble sighting them too, what with the cloaking fields they deploy.”

“So do we know what we’re in for?”

Blomor beckoned, and away they went again, streaking down the other side of the hill until they came to a human-made clearing, marked by a giant carcass, rooted into the ground. It still thrummed with life, but just barely, and Xylenor didn’t need magic to tell that the humans within were already dead. 

“This is a bloody Dreadnought, for goodness’ sakes,” muttered Xylenor in disbelief.

“From the Emperor’s Command, no less,” said Blomor. He muttered a levitation spell, and was lifted to the side of the fallen giant. His hand caressed the strange materials, feeling the edges where the top half of the Dreadnought had been clipped right off, as if it was a mere chestnut sundered by a blade.

“You think your lightning spells can do this much damage?” asked Blomor. "To shear right through a Dreadnought, how many Circles must work together?"

Xylenor’s face blanched. “You mean…”

Off they went again, quicker this time. Xylenor sensed the forests filling up with the Alliance, which comforted him somewhat. If he was going to die here today, at least he wouldn’t be alone.

They found themselves at yet another hill, and this time they were close enough to see the battle with their own eyes. 

On one side were the gleaming legions of the humans. Three to a cell, six to a squad, nine to a contingent, the humans were already in their raging golems, towering beasts of unwavering loyalty. Xylenor recalled an early campaign where the Alliance had resorted to skulduggery, tried to twist the golems to their side. Their very best mages had been stumped, unable to figure out the inner workings of those fearsome monstrosities. Humans on their own were dangerous, but with their golems, an entire village caught unprepared could be razed to the ground.

By Xylenor’s best count, less than a third of the human forces remained. Those which still stood and fought had the trailing black robes of the Command, that elite band of golems which comprised of the most experienced and battle-worn warriors. They were holding their ground, but just barely.

Xylenor was so lost in the spectacle that he gave a start when the human nearby, propped against a tree, coughed. The human had evidently ejected from his golem at the point of complete destruction, and had somehow managed to crawl to relative safety. 

For a moment, Xylenor forgot that this was technically still an enemy combatant, and he rushed to the human’s side, pressed his hands against the open wounds, summoning all the healing magic he could muster. 

“I’m… sorry,” said the human, too weak to even hold up his head. 

“He’s not got long,” said Blomor.

“We should have come earlier… but…”

“Why didn’t you send us a warning earlier?” asked Xylenor, a hard edge creeping into his voice. “You could have told us!”

“The Alliance wouldn’t have believed… us…”

Then, the infernal clacking filled the air, a sound so terrible that it awakened deep-seated, long-buried memories in Xylenor. The goosebumps razed his flesh, his blood ran cold, and he forced himself to look to the other side of the battlefield, athwart the mighty golems. 

And there flourished an array of the land’s greatest threats, the enemy they thought finally vanquished. There they stood, risen from the dead, the only thing which could have united the humans and the Alliance, caused them to put aside their petty differences, band together against the common threat. Each double the size of the human golems, stronger, faster, deadlier.

Unrelenting forces of nature, harbingers of doom.

“Believe me now?” asked Blomor grimly.

Xylenor pressed his fingers to his forehead, and thoughtcast the warning back to the elven forces on the way.

“Be advised,” he relayed, “the Orcs with their Giant Enemy Crabs are back.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny
