***Its my first time here, please be gentle.***

I walk down the marbled halls of the Chancellor’s Palace. My foreign advisor, Sun Ja Phar, stalks quietly behind me, assaulting me with a lengthy report of the current goings-on of the world.

“After failing to negotiate the arms deal with the British swine, the foolhardy president of the Japanese oppressors made another inane speech about policies, which will surely help create the deep divide between the United Slaves and Japan and the rest of the world that we have been waiting for for so long.” 

Ja Phar licked at his moustache between sentences, possibly trying to get a second taste of the pork stew he had for lunch earlier. He stumbled over many of the longer words in his report, spoke almost exclusively in run-on sentences, and habitually mispronounced “United Staves”. These factors combined to create an air of idiocy and incompetence that the rail thin man had carefully cultivated over many years of service. But I knew. I knew that behind the veil of foolishness lay a man of incredible cunning and malice. I had figured this out long ago after the death of my father.

“Furthermore, we can expect the amount of international aide that the peasants will receive shall double thanks to our successful missile test off the coast of the People’s Republic, which will certainly-“

“Pardon, Ja Phar, but I thought that the missile was to be fired into one of the cities of Japan?”

“Yes sir, but I thought it most wise to tell the generals to fire the new rockets farther south, and you know how I just have such a way with those generals, and how they always follow my council.”

“My orders were to fire the missiles at Osaka. I should hope that you of all people would follow my orders Sun.”

“Of course sir, I shall make sure sir that the next time you wish to bomb the Japanese sir that I will oblige sir.”

I stifle the urge to give Sun Ja Phar a glare, knowing that his “way with the generals” could easily be used to his advantage. Damn. I had hoped that the most recent test would help to stir up the hornet’s nest, so to speak. Perhaps I’ll just make another speech insulting the American President. I do doubt that it will be war worthy, but anything to rile up the west I suppose.

“Is there anything else to report for the day, Sun?”

“Yes indeed there is, and I have left a folder full of information related to the news upon your desk, inside your office, which I hope you will give a good look through.”

“Thank you Sun. That will be all. “

I rapidly walk ahead into my office, and shut the gilded door as quickly as possible to avoid more of Sun’s reports. I make doubly sure that the door is actually locked this time, and I trundle over to my desk. Suns report (nearly three inches thick!) is neatly deposited into my personal garbage chute. Perhaps it will give some illiterate janitor something to bring home to burn for warmth; Father knows it will likely last the lucky man a week. I look over to my father’s old liquor cabinet. Brandy aged for fifty years, wines from the cellars of French kings, and vodka made from a rare and endangered species of Latvian potato lined the shelves behind shaded brown glass. I simply went over to the mini-fridge beneath it to grab a gallon jug of chocolate milk instead. 

Ever since my elder brother was arrested in Tokyo Disneyland chocolate has been a dear friend and ally. Perhaps if he had been able to find a better fake passport he would have been able to visit the inane amusement park without being disinherited, and he would have to deal with this madness instead of me. I believe that the Americans say something along the lines of ‘the sight of your rear is measured in twenties’, which I think means that it is easier to say how to fix mistakes in the past than the present. 

I’ll be damned if I don’t like to complain about the past however. Maybe if those damned Americans had just left us to the Chinese we wouldn’t be living in poverty. Maybe if we had reformed during the fall of the Soviets like nearly every other nation we wouldn’t be at odds with the entire world. Maybe if Sun Ja Phar had done as I damn well asked him to the United Nations would be knocking on my palace door right now, and I would be finally free from the hassles of being the figurehead for this nation of madmen. ‘Such is life’, I think, taking another swig from the rapidly emptying gallon bottle. 

But perhaps there is something useful to be found in the past. Yes, yes! If the world was put at war not once but twice before, perhaps there is a simple way to do it again. But how, I wonder? The United States’ current president is not likely to start a war with me for nothing. If I do manage to anger him the best I could hope for will likely be a drone missile through my office window. The States do go through leaders like the peasants through their monthly rations, however. Maybe the next president will be more unstable.

Maybe *I* could help the States choose a more unstable president.
All of a sudden, I remember something I saw some time ago on an American social media site. Some American land-owner who’s tried to get into American politics before, but failed. A man who tried to sue a fat women for insulting him, and who legend has it built a wall around the home of a family who wouldn’t sell him their property. Maybe even someone thin skinned enough to start a war if I were to merely insult him, perhaps?

I toss the empty bottle of chocolate milk to the floor, I have something I dearly need to do now. I pick up my phone and call one of my Russian contacts.

“Boris? I need to get on the phone with President Vladimir. I have an idea that I think he’s going to want to hear.”
