News of the firefighters spread quickly through the galaxy. Every planet within 100 light years was eager to get their hands, claws, and suction cups on this new technology. Representatives from local solar systems arranged a meeting on Earth. 

“So...they approach the fire and then?” asked the first rep. 

“Well, we use the water to extinguish the flames.  Water is the key element here. It’s like a miracle worker for us.” replied Trevor. 

The meeting erupted with questions and conversation about the possibilities of water.  Some aliens were over joyed by the information, others were more skeptical. After a long discussion, each planet was allowed to take a sample of H2O to test on their home planet. 

The water craze amongst leaders died as quickly as it rose. Most of the water samples the leaders took with them had evaporated the moment they opened them on home turf. The aliens just didn’t see a use for something that turned to nothing. 

Except for one planet. 

Palaxon, the leader of a dodgy, outer edge planet saw potential. Water was a miracle on Earth and he saw the craze it started at the solar meeting. He knew it was unsustainable outside their atmosphere, but he wasn’t interested in being a Ghandi or Mother Theresa- Palaxon wanted to be a Trump. He wanted riches and fame. 

Palaxon headed back to earth to arranged a trade deal. 
He negotiated a supply of water in exchange for ozone layer treatment. He knew he had a great deal because the ozone work was like band aid on a car crash, minimum work on a detrimental problem. Soon the humans would eradicate themselves and he could have all their water. 

With the deal in place, Palaxon headed back home to start his plan. He enlisted a few of his friends to sell the water. Palaxon advertised that fires, ailments, alien autism,  and cancer amongst other things could be healed by this miracle water. 

Palaxon and his crew went to the poorer, less stable planets first. They sold themselves as healers of the universe, with a natural and organic product that could heal families and save property from fires. The citizens could even work for the company and sell it to their friends and family if they just paid for the first round of product. 

Seeing an opportunity to improve their lives and income, millions of aliens started selling Palaxon’s miracle water. Even though the water evaporated almost immediately, Palaxon’s group spun it as the element “activating” and more aliens began believing the claims. 

Aliens started using the miracle water in place of proven cures and solutions for everyday problems. 
Aliens put it on their children, hoping to combat interstellar whooping cough. Others rubbed it on their faces in hopes their allergies would subside. Some stopped taking their medications in exchange for this water product. 

Soon alien hospitals were filled to the brim with citizens bubbling and coughing from every opening. 
Alien doctors were baffled on why citizens would believe anything about this disappearing product. The alien FDA put out warnings and information to the public to slow the water craze. 

Palaxon was getting nervous that his scheme may bust soon. Aliens were starting to realize that this product didn’t work, no matter how much they believed it did. 

In a panic, Palaxon and his team got together to decide the future of the company. Water sales were slowing but aliens were still itching for that miracle cure. Palaxon needed a new approach. 

And so, earth water fit tea was born. 


