The man seemed to evaporate before me.

"Did you see the..."

I turned to the passenger behind me, his eyes were saucers behind the cartoonish magnification of the glasses on his face.

"What'd he say?" The man asked.

"He said", I paused, baffled by my own words for some reason. "I couldn't make it out." I really couldn't, the sound of a plane had drowned out the few words he had said.

I stepped the rest of the way down the small stairs than led from the plane and the small man shuffled out from behind me and away.

I had some of the local fare of plantains and marinated chicken in a nice little restaurant only walking distance from the hotel.

It was so strange. I had been going about my business as though it had never even happened.

I ordered a few beers with my meal and I began to think about what I had witnessed and even more so about what he had said.

Then I saw him.

Across the bar at the very end, a big man walked away and there he was, the big reveal.

I took a big gulp from the cool bottle of beer and stood up as casually as I could.

"Aren't you excited?" Asked the man as I walked up behind him.

"I guess you could say that, yes I am, how did you do that?"

"Very easily son, very easily, soon you will to." He looked up at me then, his eyes were blue as ice, almost white, despite my initial estimate at his age, the old man had no wrinkles.

He stood up and put his hand on my shoulder. My shoulder began to tingle, almost itch.

"Hey what-" I said.

Then I felt woozy, the ground seemed to have other ideas about where I should be standing and swayed in protest as I struggled to maintain my balance.

The unwrinkled man held my shoulder tight.

"Atlantis awaits, young man." He said as he put on his derby hat. Then we were somewhere else.

Blue was the theme. In more hues than I had ever seen in interior design, the room was drenched in blue.

A frog. A swan. A butterfly. A dragon.

I could see them on the walls, all in order and frozen in place, tiny paper figures with paper fan tails and folded paper wings.

All in shades of blue to match the couches and the pillows and the beautiful aquarium that stretched along the wall.

The aquarium was massive, with a blue background to give the appearance of an endless sea. The small blue fish swam lazy trails along the wall.

Then I saw something in the aquarium, no, beyond the aquarium. A massive black body arced through the water and that was when I had a better understanding of where I was.

It was a whale. It wasn't an aquarium, it was a window.

"This is really-" I turned and the old man was gone.

A door opened and dark skinned woman with the same ice blue eyes stepped into the room. She was dressed in a flowing garment that seemed to move with the air.

Again the theme of blue.

"Well, look at you." She said. "All this way and nothing to say."

"Pretty nice place you got here."

"Oh this isn't my place it's gaudy awful. all that blue gives me a headache. This is only the reception area. My name is Mary. You've already met Peter. He will be your guide and manservant for the duration of your stay at the hotel.

"Hotel? Atlantis is just a hotel? Did you guys drug me?"

"I dunno, maybe."

She took me by the hand. Her hand was very warm. She opened the door from whence she came and what stood before me was like nothing I had ever seen.

It was a building the size of a city. A room the size of a city. There were marble walls and intricate statues of Greek gods and ferocious animals. Is was as though every museum in the entire world had been looted and their treasures had been brought here by an army of thieves.

There were waterfalls throughout the city with lamposts all along and all throughout. The lamposts had the familiar glow that told me they ran on electricity, or they seemed to at least..

Then a man flew from one side of the city to the other.

"What the-"

"Keep up," a distant voice said from a stairway below me.

I scrambled down the stairs like an eager child.

"Are you hungry?"

"I just ate actually."

" Oh you may want to indulge in a bit of gluttony, with the grand tournament going on today. You are welcome to spectate until your first match."

"Oh ok...wait, what? My first match? What do you mean my first match?"

"The tournament, silly, a fight to the death for the hand of the empress, don't worry, I'm the empress and if you win I will make it very worth it." She touched my arm as she said this. It felt good and for a moment I was dazed, then it all came rushing back.

"Tournament? " I sat down on the steps. "Fight to the death? I was in the chess club in college. IN COLLEGE! 
I can't fight in a tournament!"

"Oh I'm not worth it?"

"What? No! What are you crazy?"

All at once all the magical bullshit didn't even matter. This amazing dream just turned into a fantastic nightmare, the kind were your heart leaps up into your jaws.

Then a hand was on my shoulder. I turned and saw Peter with a wink in his eye.
   