Soulmates. Two halves of one soul, yearning for each other across the vast sea of humanity, always to inevitably meet and grow, and live, and die together. What a joke.

I believed it once, fairy story that it was. I watched it happen to friends and family. Meeting that perfect person, sharing a life together, having a family, growing old, dying.

It was something I longed for at first. I was the only one in my group of friends not to find my soulmate yet. I was looked on with pitied gazes, told he was out there somewhere, waiting for me too. I went through so many relationships that were always missing something. My friends kept in touch sometimes, but I knew they had outgrown me, moving on with their lives while mine was frozen in place.

Then at long last I found the missing piece. I’d practically given up on finding my soulmate at that point. My friends who had once been my same age had withered with time, my once best friend on her deathbed. And yet there he was, in a chance meeting, with smiling eyes that drew me to him inexplicably, irresistibly.

We were each other’s perfect puzzle pieces, falling hard and fast for each other and I realized quickly this was it, this is was I had been waiting decades for. My life was finally beginning.

But an ice cold dagger of a thought plunged through me- no my life was not beginning, I hadn’t let it begin in my desperate search for my soulmate, disregarding most else. My life was ending. Every second I spent with him drew me closer to the end. The pain and age I had witnessed in those around me, and I could not bear the thought.

I had to do something to escape, but I knew wherever I ran, he’d find a way to follow me. We were bound together by some force I could not understand, and it scared me more than anything ever had. I killed him.

I thought that would be the end of it, but I was wrong. It took a few more centuries but I found myself falling into the trap once more. He couldn’t be my soulmate. He couldn’t! I had killed him! And yet there he was. There they were time after time, carrying that overwhelming magnetism I had to numb myself to. I killed again and again, running from death and something else- I knew not what.

I saw him, my first love, in all of them but I knew him to be gone forever. Were these echoes, specters sent to taunt me for the ultimate sin- killing half of my own soul? No. After so many centuries I knew that soulmates were a lie. There was no one irreplaceable person to complete every other, merely thousands of potential compatible souls, attuned to complementary frequencies.

Which led me here, to a dark movie theater, on another inescapable date. I would kill him tonight. I would not miss him nor remember him, not after so many others. He walked me home through darkened streets. This was the perfect time, I reached into my purse for the length of wire concealed within.

“Not this time.”
His hand stopped mine. I froze.
I turned to look him in the eyes. His eyes. My first love’s, unmistakably- but not smiling.

“It took me centuries to remember. Souls aren’t meant to remember. But you killed me a hundred times, and that doesn’t go away. We could have lived a hundred happy lives together, but you chose one life, I hope it was worth it.”

There was anger in his ice-cold eyes, and worse, pity, as he plunged the blade into my heart.
