August 17, 2018

Tomorrow is the day of the return. 600 years has worn my mind down to the nub. I’m biking, on my way to work as usual. It all happens so fast, a screech, a honk, an impact. I’m breathing rapidly trying to catch my breath as the world is fading to black. I’m 12 hours from my return to the present and I might not make it. My life flashes before my eyes.

August 18, 2018

“Listen Steve, this is completely experimental, we have no idea what it’s going to do to you, or to time, or to existence. We are at the very edge of human knowledge. Beyond it.”

Fred, for the first time since I’ve ever known him, is being deadly serious. Fred and I are best friends from college, he went on to be a lead scientist at the Fermilab in Illinois, I went on to accomplish nothing of great importance. Fermilab has a cover as a geek and science museum, but deep underground is a secret base studying the transportation of matter through time. It was all too complex for me, but Fred needed a human experiment, and I was it.

“I’m serious Steve, we can’t understand it, but we can only get you 600 years into the past exactly. And you have to survive to today. You won’t age, but you won’t be immortal, you have to keep yourself alive, and you can never meet yourself or anyone you already know until your future self is gone. You must hide from yourself long enough to come back to me and explain what happened.”

“I got it Fred, stop worrying. I go back in time, I hangout for 600 years, I find you, got it.”

His sigh barely hid his complete lack of faith in me. 

August 18, 1418

My body hurts, my mind feels scrambled, it’s like a massive hangover but worse. I spend the entire day laying down puking next to a river and trying to rehydrate.

I wake up early next morning. The silence is deafening. No cars, no cell phone, no keys, no trains. Silence, simply interrupted by the strangeness of nature. The air is cleaner, the plants more lush, the terrain untouched by man, it’s charming as much as it is terrifying.

I was picked because of my ability to blend in with people, my intelligence, and my physicality, not because of my ability to survive in the wild. Fred and his team deemed the important characteristics for a survivor through time had more to do with social ability than actual survival ability.

I was not prepared.

July 24, 1419

It has been almost a year. 599 left to go. I’m a hardened man. The tragedies I’ve endured, the people I’ve met, the struggle I’ve survived has sharpened me. 

I don’t recognize myself anymore. 

I am a part of a tribe now. Everyone lives in these small circles, war is constant, death is not a possibility, but on the horizon. The world here is so small. 

I am a warrior, a leader, soon to be crowned chieftain. We fight over a couples miles of land with our neighbors, and it is incessant. 

I am promising myself that the day I become chieftain I will create a single empire, I will create stability, peace, and kill anyone who stands in the way of my vision.

December 15, 1430

The war wages on. It is all I have ever known. Or is it.

I remember my life from before, it’s hard, details are lost, but fragments of ideas are still there.

My sole focus is singular, to unite the tribes under my banner. I have taken the central Midwest, I am expanding my power east. Forces are gathering to stop “The Great Immortal Wolf”, a cute nickname they have given me.

In truth, I avoid physical fights, I stay alive, I have bodyguards, I have warriors. But my lack of aging has not gone unnoticed. In a world where most are lucky to hit 35, I’ve been around for 12 years and have not aged since I’ve arrived at 28.

April 23, 1480

Time is moving quicker every year. It’s strange but 60 years feels like 60 minutes. 

I can’t sleep, too many faces haunt me.

“The Great Immortal Wolf” has faded into legend. His legend of uniting the tribes of the east, only to have his family slaughtered by the western alliance is sung as a warning to ambitious children for humility and honor.

I am a wanderer. I travel east, waiting to meet the Europeans, to take me to a new land, away from everything here, hopefully away from the ghosts of my past.

June 2, 1565

You cannot escape your nature. 

I am a crusader. I tried my hand at the silk trade, learned many languages, learned endlessly, put my head into countless books to try to fade away what I am. But I couldn’t.

So I did what any good young warrior in Europe did in the 1500s, joined a crusade, the Hospitaller.

I am starving, The Great Siege of Malta is never ending. We repel attack after attack from the Ottomans, but they are relentless. 

It’s been almost 150 years since I can remember the history of the old world... the future... but I know we will win a great victory here, and it is the only thing that helps me stave off the impending doom and damnation I feel in my heart.

God save me.

November 21, 1670

I’m a beggar. I tell stories for money. Some call me a poet, but that is too kind.

My body is incredibly scarred, but I heal well. I’m not in any pain, at least not physically. The faces have faded, I’m not sure why. Maybe time does heal all wounds, or maybe I’ve pushed it all down so far I can’t feel anything anymore. But my soul hurts, it longs for connection.

I’ve seen all my friends die, generations of my family come and go, tragedy after tragedy, happiness after happiness, all of it intertwined.

Time is any enemy to me now. I realize that it’s so important for us to fear death, because that is what makes us feel truly alive.

The world is advancing forward. It’s moving faster and faster. So is my sense of time in the scope of things. I am still over 300 years away from seeing my old friend Fred. I don’t even remember what he looks like, or what I used to look like.

Will I even remember what I was supposed to do when I get back there? 

*(I’m ending this here, if you’d like a part 2, let me know and I might write it)*