"To the Victor go the spoils."

From the time that he was five years old until age twenty eight, when Victor Neumann heard that cliche, he would automatically think, "Then why am I not rich?"

Victor had led an uneventful life until that point, and most of his relationships were similarly unremarkable. Girlfriends that forgot he existed and best mates that couldn't describe him to others. Even would be adversaries in his Homeowner's association regarded him with a type of apathy that showed Victor why sitcom rivalries weren't realistic at all. He'd never considered adoption of a child until he was standing at an animal shelter, watching all the dogs sniff and turn their heads away from him. 

Victor was searching for love, and he saw adoption as an attainable method to make a mutual contract for love and affection. He adopted one girl annually for the next four years. Their home life was very much like a sappy sitcom that he'd have been fond of in his youth, and at first he'd looked forward to the teenage years. Telling them about boys and the awkward hijinks would make for a fun story...or so he thought.

Victor was now forty-three and painfully aware that his daughters didn't ask for horses because of a girlish flight of fancy. His second eldest didn't grow muscles because of her pending athletic scholarships, she was War. She didn't like the name Brenda, she called herself War. Her sisters were fine with their names, but given that she loomed over all but the eldest, it was decided best to humor her. So they all went by their "proper" names, and Brenda became War. Biblically referenced anthropomorphised War, and she usually liked her younger sister. Finding her sister in bed with boyfriend had changed War's opinion on Famine. 

"You disgusting bitch. I hope you get fucking AIDS", said War. Her voice sounding much like a battle horn booming in Victor's ears.

War was trying to bang down Famine's door and doing good job of it. Victor sat in the living room trying to avoid the conflict, but he decided he'd had enough tinnitus for one day. 

"Okay, so what's going on here," said Victor. "Why are you destroying the house?"

War began to pout in a way that only a thirteen year old could.

"She steals my boyfriend, dad! Do you know how hard it is to get a guy that's okay with all this," said War. 

"Honey, you look fi-"

"I'm seven feet tall, Dad. She looks like a stupid super-model and all I ever hear is how I'm on steroids or 'how can that horse support you, you gotta be like 600 lbs'"

Victor immediately wanted to ask how much she weighed, but decided against it. He hadn't recovered from last night's hugs. Each of his daughters being unusually strong, and War being the biggest Daddy's girl. 

Famine peeked through a slit in the door, "Well it's not like it's a crime to cuddle him. Brian's a big boy, he can cuddle with who he wants."

"He was mine. You knew that, why would you do that to me?"

"Technically, I did it to him," said Famine. 

War reared her fist back to punch the door off the hinges. Victor didn't know if his daughters could technically die. He didn't know if this would even kill Famine. He did know that he was afraid of CPS and decided to intervene as only a doting father could. 

"Hey, hey, hey, before you decide to start the endwar over a pimply faced dork"

War gave Victor a crestfallen look. 

Pestilence peeked out from her room, " I got a cure for that."

"Please dear God, don't take it out the beaker," said Victor. 

Pestilence waved her father off and flashed a brace filled smile, "Oh of course not Daddy. That's for a waaay later date." 
Pestilence lowered her head and glared through her goggles and said, "You'll be long gone by then."

Victor felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to see his palest daughter looming over him. Death was a model daughter that always seemed to be in the room. Locked rooms especially. Stop focusing your eyes, turn your head and there was Death. Lurking just outside of your peripheral vision as if she'd been there all along.  She shrugged at Victor and he remembered his train of thought.

"If you can calm down, we'll all go get ice cream and pizza."

Death gave a thumbs up to this, and Pestilence had no reaction (chemically or otherwise). Victor was too busy dodging a door to notice this.When he turned to his left, he saw Famine was red in the face and almost at the point of changing her name to "The 45 lbs of Fury".

"Are you serious," said Famine. "How could you say that?"

"I-I-I am so sorry," said Victor.

Tears streamed down War's face and she began to howl like a wounded wolf, "You know I'm trying to cut carbs and sugars!"

"Oh my God, right? It's like he doesn't even care. Like how do you not know us?" said Famine. 

Famine walked over to her sister and rubbed War's shoulders. They'd found solidarity in shooting the peacekeeper. War comforted her younger sister.
"Boys are so stupid," said Famine."I can't believe it, all of them are just ridiculous. We should just get rid of them."

"You're beautiful, I love your cheekbones," said War. 

"I'm so sorry, I'm just jealous. It's like wherever you go, I feel like I have to follow in your footsteps."

"It's okay, fuck Brian. He's a dork with stupid steroid zits. Let's go fat shame people at the gym."

The two sisters walked off to the stables to their horses, Mrs. Snuggles and SkinnyDipper. Victor heard spurs and galloping thuds going off into the distance. Good, it took hours for them to grow bored of treating people poorly. Victor looked around; aside from a door replacement, he'd gotten off rather lightly. Pestilence emerged from her room clad in a hazmat suit and handed Victor her phone. 

Victor dialed for delivery, and paused before pressing call.

"So how'd I do?"

Death gave Victor a 'so-so' gesture, and pointed at the door. Death had a profound dislike of property damage in the home.  Pestilence looked as though she'd like to give Victor a hug. 

"8/10, I didn't think they'd fall for it at first. You can lay it on thick with the sitcom foot-in-the-mouth act."

Death said nothing, and this was for the best. Typically, she was polishing a dingy table or had nail in mouth and hammer in hand. Victor often locked his room to try to hide his mishaps but Death would be there, tsking like a daughter that didn't think you deserved a wife to henpeck you. 

Victor didn't mind the impending scolding or that he'd potty trained the irrefutable proof that the end *was* actually nigh. He had to prevent a hormone driven Apocalypse every night, and he figured that this was worth inciting the passive aggressive fury of Death herself.

