"Promotion, my ass," spat God in disgust as he threw the last bits and pieces from his celestial desk into a suitcase.


"Gloria, get me Azrael in here. I might as well wipe everyone out with a plague or something before my uber arrives. God knows half of them are expecting it." He snorted a little at his joke.


"Ahem."


"Ah, yes. Uh, Gloria probably best to call off the four horsemen. The paperwork's likely to be a bitch."


Bob nodded quietly in the corner, where he sat quietly in a dark pinstriped suit.


"So Bob, they tell me you used to run accounting in the Pegasus Galaxy. This is quite a step up for you."


"Once you get to grips with the numbers, it's really not that hard in my experience."


"Yes well running a Galaxy is a little bit more complicated than calculus, Bob. You might want to remember that the next time you're facing your first disaster."


"You might have been better served if you'd paid more attention to the books yourself, God. Frankly, you've run this place into the ground and it'll be a miracle if we can get it back into the black for the end of the century. The Powers That Be, weren't happy when the CRS came knocking on their door asking questions about dodgy prayer tax book-keeping."


"Yes, well the Celestial Revenue Service can go to Hell for all I care. It's a vacation compared to this place. Trust me, you'll be begging me to come back by the end of the week."


God sniggered, Bob was going to have a mild heart-attack come Sunday when Heaven turned into party central.


"I highly doubt that," Bob said coldly as he opened the door to God's office, allowing the deity to walk out with his suitcase.


"Let's look at the evidence shall we?" he pointed down at the Earth as they walked through Heaven's White House.


"An uncontrollable human birth rate with a population of over 7 billion people, with current annual birth rates of 83 million people a year. Almost a billion of whom starve on a daily basis."


"I--"


"Almost half the world's human population is living in poverty. With about 1% of the population owning more than half the world's wealth."


"That's--"


"You've allowed them to develop nuclear technology, the process by which we control stars and worse let them turn it into weapons that they've actually used against each other. Not to mention the countless wars and profiteering you've allowed to run rampage."


"You can't--"


"But worst of all, you've let these human pets of yours bring the planet's biosphere to it's knees. Oceans filled with plastic, poisons pumped into the air, rising global temperatures wiping out anywhere between 150-200 entire species PER DAY."


God hung his head in shame as they waited for the elevator.


"You're a disgrace, God and this human experiment of yours has ruined your career for good. It's only because of the last 13.5 billion years of exemplary service, barring that 1 workforce strike, that you're being moved up to a nice big sterile galaxy with limited funding, instead of getting your wings clipped."


The elevator doors pinged open and God stepped in forlorn.


"You'll see, you'll all see," he muttered quietly. The elevator doors closed.


Gloria rushed up behind Bob, flushed.


"Mr. Bob, what should I tell the Angelic Chorus about the scheduled meeting for tomorrow?"


"Please, Gloria. Just call me Bob." He smiled kindly at her as he walked at a relaxed pace towards his new office.


"Okay, sure thing Bob. So about the reconciliation meeting?"


"What's the meeting about?"


"The Angelic Chorus has been threatening to go on strike come the end of the week unless they get a pay-rise."


Bob frowned.


"I wasn't aware of that situation. Keep the meeting."


"Also the pope just died, he's waiting for you in conference room 3."


"Christ, I hate zealots. Have Gabriel in PR deal with him."


Gloria jotted this down on a notepad as she trailed after Bob.


"Oh and there's a volcano threatening to go critical in Yellowstone Park. The Celestial Police have it surrounded and a negotiator is en-route, they said they'd let you know if anything happens."


Bob was starting to get a headache. He reached the office and closed the door behind him, cutting Gloria off.


Peace and quiet. Bob wandered over to the desk and saw something new sitting there.


The Manual by God


Bob skimmed through a few pages, the tattered old book was filled with pencilled in notes and editations. Absolutely not per regulation. Disgusted Bob dropped the book into a trash can and turned to take in the stunning view of the earth shining below.


This was it, his moment of triumph. Elation coursed through his body, when a spark of light caught his eye. Somewhere on the Earth a volcano was exploding, a cloud of ash beginning to smoother the entire planet. The phone on Bob's desk began to ring with multiple calls at once.


Oh Shit, thought Bob.