When I first entered another man's dream over my hacked SleepFast app, I was thrilled that I could control all the parameters, until I found out how restrictive they are.
Naively, I had thought that a dream was like a movie, streams of sound and a seemingly unending sequence of frames, slices of time defined by color values at pixel coordinates.
No, dreams are the unintended byproduct of an overworked neuronal network, the null response of a system that uses 90% of our brain power, and as such only echoes what the person has seen and experienced before.

In lucid dreaming, you don't notice this process because it is so intuitive: you cannot see that you are imprisoned in the shell of your own experiences like you are unable to think outside of the thoughts thinkable by yourself. But inside the dream of another person, I understood little and could change even less. 
At first, I could just crudely play with the power and area of stimulation, which produced especially dull or colorful dreams but nothing that the dreamer could not have dreamt after the right kind of day.
There is no way to directly transfer thoughts because each person's thoughts are different.
If I had done this experiment on an animal, like in my legal and ultimately failed endeavors in the past, this would have created an insurmountable barrier. Humans though posses a unique trait: highly expressive and widely shared languages that order thought and that partition the mental image of our world into neat little concepts designated by words. 

After mapping my visual cortex to the auditory one and going through a lexicon, I could link the visual excitation triggered by an auditory stimulus together with the mental concept that got evoked when reading a word aloud from that lexicon.
I then relayed each spoken word to the dreamer and 
 thus collected his excitation response to that stimulus, both visual and otherwise. I could then, by ripping the units of language from that bridge of two brains, create the first direct mental map between them. I could now write a sentence that was slightly annotated, to remove ambiguities and perform other minor enhancements, and evoke exactly the visual and other mental areas so that the dreamer's brain  vaguely receives this sentence'a meaning in a dream. 

To be continued (on vacation and can only write a short amount every evening, also not a native speaker)