Aphrodite sat with tented fingers, leaning over her magic Pool of Viewing. She cast her gaze into the mortal realm, chuckling as her focus settled on a hapless subject. It  was time for the show to begin, time for her blessings to once again fall on the lucky, lucky couple known as Craig and Lindsey. Once, when they had been deliriously in love they had been recognized by the encompassing title of "Craigsley", but that had been a decade past. Things certainly were different now.

Craig was oblivious to the fact he was being watched. Somewhere, deep down, perhaps he acknowledged the fact that he was always in the Goddess's view, even if he wasn't always the center of her attention. Most of the time, though, it seemed as if he had forgotten the sacred vow whispered in Lindsey's ear during that summer they had both spent a vacation in Rome. The corner of Aphrodite's perfect pouty mouth twitched in disapproval as he wiped a booger on the leg of his jeans. It was one of his more annoying habits. No wonder Lindsey had dumped him.

Craig walked around the corner of a brick building and suddenly realized he was no longer in his own city, or even in his own state. The look on his face was priceless, just like always. Aphrodite clapped her hands and sniffed back a tear of laughter. With a gusty release of breath she continued watching as Lindsey exited a storefront, talking on her phone and unaware of Craig standing but a few feet from her.

The crash as they came together was satisfying. Aphrodite did not hold back her laughter as the two mortals fell to the ground in a tangle of awkward limbs and Lindsey's enormous purse.  Many items were scattered, the two humans scrambling to contain the spill until the inevitable moment their eyes met and recognition was achieved.

Lindsey spent quite a few moments trying to contain her rage and frustration. She had been through this before. Craig had suddenly shown up in her life, with no explanation, on so many occasions. They had been through years of these meetings and at one point she had taken out restraining orders on him, fearing he was actually stalking her.

"Did you say the words?" Craig's attitude was icy. Getting home would be inconvenient at best and expensive at worst.

Lindsey thought for a moment, about her phone conversation. Had she said them? Those almost forbidden words that triggered the appearance of Craig?

"I just said...was saying that I...oh. I guess I did say I needed an...aspirin." Lindsey withered under Craig's hostile stare, knowing she had slipped up over something trivial. 

Aphrodite waved a perfectly manicured fingernail and an aspirin bottle appeared in Craig's coat pocket. He pulled the bottle forth and offered her the medication without surprise. These small miracles had become part of the encounters, both humans had chosen long ago to simply stop questioning or rationalizing them.

"Well, thanks." Lindsey shook the aspirin bottle and gave Craig an ingratiating smile. She began shuffling on the pavement, an embarrassed attempt to end the encounter as quickly as possible. "Sorry. About all of this." Waving her hand to encompass everything, Lindsey began backing away. "Sorry," she repeated, then turned and quickly strode up the sidewalk, into a stream of pedestrians and out of Craig's sight.

Craig stood stewing in his misfortune. There was no point in calling after her, no point in asking for her help. It was not her part to be a helper, it was his. The little miracles that ensured Lindsey would always have what was needed never applied to Craig. Summoning the exercises for inner peace taught to him by his therapist, Craig tried to deal with his simmering anger, turning the negative thoughts into constructive ones. As constructive as possible, anyway, given his circumstances. He went over his emergency plan, the one carefully developed over the years of his sudden appearances to answer Lindsey's need. He knew what to do, just resented having to do it.

Grinding his teeth, Craig did his best to concentrate on getting home. The anger was difficult to push away, the unfairness of it all bubbling up. He hated Lindsey now, her lifestyle choices had ruined the beauty that had once entranced him, had once caused him to romantically declare that she, among mortal women, could rival the beauty of Aphrodite. Fool that he was, he had sworn to be at her side should she need him. Fool that he was, his life was now linked to her beck and call.

Aphrodite tented her fingers once again, leaning back in her sumptuous throne to savor the man's pain. This was what she had waited for. The bittersweet regret, the true remorse. How dare he speak those words of comparison? No one could rival her beauty, she would make sure of that.

