"Mr Bruce owner of Safehouse, one of the world's largest bank, has donated yet another 1 Billion dollars to the Roofs For All Foundation, making him the second highest donor for the foundation. However Mr Robin, president of the foundation, is still at the number one position with nearly a Trillion dollar donated to the charity. Mr Robin still refuses to reveal his true identity. No one has ever seen his face or heard  his voice and remains one of the biggest mysteries today, second only to the indentity of the world renowned thief only known as Hood......"

"I can't believe it another billion donated. Such a kind man and yet you want to steal from his bank? You should feel ashamed of yourself. At least now you will no longer steal anymore from these kind hearted men."

I rolled my eyes as I listened to the radio from the back of the police car. This officer is either a genuine idiot or he was a naive fool who doesn't know how the world works. Ever since the Honour Credits System was implemented, countless number of those filthy rich scums around the world started donating to charity. It was painfully obvious to everyone that they were only trying to farm up Credits to use in case they ever got caught doing shady business like fraud, sex scandals, tax evasion, etc. 

Anyone with at least half a brain will know what their intentions were. No matter how much they donated, they probably earned several times more through underhanded tactics and when ever they got caught, all they had to do was give up some of their credits and they got off scot-free. 

Thats why I started robbing, blackmailing, scamming, and any other ways that could take as much of their cash as possible, after all they don't deserve it. Unfortunately after years of successfully commiting each crime, today is the day I finally got caught.

"We're here at the police station, you better prepare to get locked up for a really long time." 

After all these year of remaining anonymous, looks like my identity will finally be revealed, and I can't help but regret it's all because of this idiotic cop's blind luck.

After entering the station, I was immediately sent to the interogation room. Looks like some people were eager to catch me.

"Alright let's just cut to the chase, we know you're Hood. Keep this simple and just tell us you true identity, maybe we won't give you a life sentence."

I wonder what their reactions will be, I thought to myself as I opened my mouth and said my name without hesitation.

"The name's Robin, pleasure to meet y'all."

