It was the best and worst idea that had ever been suggested to me. One that I would come to know as the emotion regret. No one had ever mentioned the draw backs of the emotion boxes, they had neglected the overall failure of this system. It was by the people, for the people. The way for the emotionless to finally feel. Yes, we felt. Those feelings however were a problem. 

Most people donated negative feelings: sadness, death, anger, despair, etc. There was never anything remotely close to the feelings I had initially thought the box would bring. Would I ever feel love, happiness, joy, caring, warmth? Was that something any normal person would give away willingly. I had come to realize this idea of experiencing all types of feelings was far beyond my grasp. It was that illusion of grandure that made the regret seep in. That too was another drawback of these boxes. The feelings were stored inside your body. You could access them at any time as if you were flicking a switch, unlike normal people. The joke of it being that you only had the negatives to live with if you chose to. 

The emotion box I had received today felt lighter than usual considering it's indication light showed that it was full. The courier too seemed surprised by the weight of the package, feeling like maybe it had been damaged. I accepted it anyway, they never would have cleared a defective model for deployment. 

Once my box was in the transference helmet, I put it on preparing for a flurry of negative emotional onslaught. Only I was met with every emotion I had wished and hoped to experience. First love, caring, concern, the joy of a first born child, among other things. This box had been filled with happiness. I removed the helmet when the ordeal was over wiping away at what I came to know as 'happy tears' feeling like all the negative I had absorbed was now balanced by this wonderful and lovely donation. I had to find the donor. I had to thank them. I had to hug them. 

The organization frowned on this though, as donors were anonymous and protected by law. I would never know who had given me this joy. The person who had given so much of themselves. 

I plan to end my emotion box contract, I do not want anything to taint this set of emotions. I want to live my life to the fullest enjoying these emotions and eventually when I get well into my prime, I too will become a donor. To become emotionless again, so that some other unexpecting recipient can experience happiness. 