 BLOOD CONTRACT

Swing sets. The rusty squeaks of metal and the jingling of the chain as I moved back and forth always calmed me, even at my age. On cool nights, when I couldn't sleep, I would walk to the empty playground and just listen to the noises it made as I kicked off and let my mind go blank. It was a coping mechanism from the painful and hopeless experience that was my life. That's all in the past, though. Way back in the past.

The dust swirled in the echoing emptiness around me. The groans of metal rubbing against metal, became eerily loud as they bounced against the empty buildings, still standing as if in defiance to the decay of the world around them. In the blackened ruins of the aftermath, there wasn't much to worry about save for a craving that grew annoyingly apparent each day...

A noise! My enhanced hearing pinpointed the source and my head snapped in the direction instantly. An injured goat limped in plain view, scratches on its hind legs and left ear torn from the base. The collar around its neck was the same one for the animals at the pettng zoo around the far edge of the city. 

A sharp scent like rusted metal almost immediately overwhelmed my senses. The wound on its side matted its dirty white fur with a dark red hue, but some of the scratches had not closed enough to stop the blood from slowly trickling.

I sat in place, my body frozen on the seat of the swing set. A primal instinct inside of me began to blossom like a flower in a time lapse video. As I felt my saliva trickle and heavy breaths escape from my mouth, I slowly got up, legs shaking a little, and advanced on my target one step at a time.

Without warning, a small swarm of shambling figures appeared as if from nowhere. They all silently dragged themselves towards the frightened creature, who stupidly stood in place, and surrounded it from all sides. The animal bleated in agony as they began to rip it apart, crunching on its bones and pulling the flesh from its underlying meat. A pool of blood began to flow, from the source of the carnage and it wasn't long till I began to lap it up like a stray dog licking melted ice cream on the sidewalk.

With a little blood back in my system, my sense of realization started to return to me. I was pissed. Here I was, trying to survive in the zombie apocalypse and these rotting gluttons were stealing the only meal I had been able to find in weeks! They didn't even NEED to eat it! Brow creased and a growl in my throat, I massacered their tiny horde one zombie at a time. 

I twisted heads before ripping them clean off their necks. I used my iron-like nails to slice off limbs and faces. I stomped the thick boots I had salvaged from an abandoned shoe store through their guts. Black blood mixed in with the wine red goat ichor. I crinkled my nose at the stench, which was like spoiled food left out in the sun.

Several, of the gaunt figures rushed at me and took hard bites at my calves and forearms, but I was already a different brand of undead and there was hardly any pain from their futile actions.

In minutes, I stood amidst piles of torn bodies. Guts and appendage were strewn across the streets while some of the heads I had decapitated still kept wiggling and gnashing their teeth. I crushed them with my foot and once more I sank into a silent loneliness.

As the anger subsided from my system, I realized that it was the first time in weeks I had felt any form of emotion since the apocalypse broke out and I was transformed into the monster that I am today. Sadness took place of my rage as I made my way back to the swing set to empty my mind once again.

(To be continued)