Infinity is a concept that is at once wholly understood and completely misunderstood. We recognize it in many places, sometimes unexpected ones. We will, at some time in our lives, look out into the universe perched on what seems to be a cliff at the edge of infinity. These are the most impressive of them. The superposition of understanding and the lack thereof is that there are many ways in which we can interpret infinity. As well as in the night sky we can find infinity in the voice of a lover, or a friend who's words may be steeped in such anticipation that we hang at the edge of our seat, waiting for the next. There are many different understandings of forever. Forever can last millennia and forever can last but a minute. It will do both and it often does. 

I find myself standing on the edge of another infinity now, and as it would happen, just as i describe, another one is imposed on it. 

Many of us think of life and death as enemies - opposites in a sort of battle over those who are subject to their throes and torments. Though their states are distinct, one is no better or worse than the other. They exist on either side of a barrier that can be crossed only twice. Truthfully, death is merely the barrier. We feel no animosity towards one another, and i merely shuffle the passengers through my doors and eventually, i welcome them back. 
They all leave just as surely they all return. 
Once and once only. 

It's in this manner i feel life is but a recess from my possession. A pilgrimage of sorts, if you would. I trust that it will do the passengers some service, that life will take good care of the travelers. Sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't all the same. It is this trust by which we both exist; that i will let the souls to pasture and that they will be returned. By who's pen this agreement was struck i do not know. I know only that this is how it always has been and always will be. 

Just as i do not concern myself with the contents of their pilgrimages i do not concern myself with the conditions of their passage. By all measures, however, i recognize that these conditions must be declining. For a reasonable stretch now my doors have remained closed and quiet. Initially i figured it was by some disaster or plague but since have never paid any mind to the souls i had no way of knowing anything for certain. 
So i waited. What i was waiting for i don't know, it was beyond my power to find out. 

You can imagine my great surprise when after a great stretch of time in the distance i see my passengers' great stewardess. Her form i will not attempt to describe, it is unlike anything i have ever seen and anything i could have ventured to imagine. I imagine now that she would have been rather frightening to anyone but myself, that she must have taken measures to remain unseen by the masses which i freed to her. This raised up many questions in me. I wished i had asked more of those i had shepherded. They are beyond my reach now. 

It seems fit now to mention that i have no mechanism by which to tell time with but a great hourglass that stands no less than 8 feet tall. The sands in my hour glass seem never to change, diminish or replenish. The only measurable change within this great thing is the unending flow of sand. One at a time, once and only once. After i had been staring at this thing for a great stretch of time i began to identify with it. I thought of myself as the bottleneck in the middle of it, setting loose my grains of sand once and only once, one at a time. This is of no consequence. 

A fair portion of my surprise at the sight of the great stewardess is that she i the only being i did not free. I could not have seen her before for she had not passed through my doors. I had not expected her arrival now or ever, and to a degree i had not been sure that she really existed. But she does, and there she stood before me. 

It was then that i experienced the superposition. Both the infinite and the infinitesimal were tugging at my insides, much like i imagine the passengers must think the stewardess and i tug at them. 

I knew at that point that there couldn't have been anything on the other side of that realm. If there was she couldn't have come to me. I felt a little disappointment then as my job had been done. It was all i had known. More than that if i could have expected this passage at all i would have expected some ceremony. I think i did then, and my anticipation stole that moment from me, and it stole me from that moment. The sands of my great hourglass seemed to run dry just then, and i have no method of proving positively that i am not still trapped there, hung in between one or two or the falling grains of sand. I felt anxious then, as one often does when time fails to pass. It was all the same. Once and only once, She passed through as all the others did, without a word. 


