I’ve lost count on how long it’s been. Everyone I’ve ever known is nothing but fading memories. My family was rich, so once my parents bit the dust I inherited a life of luxury. Made some good investments and I ended up with enough fortune to travel. I’ve been to each continent at least 2 times. My brother was the only family I had until that car pile up on his trip to New York. Dental records are a hell of way to find out your loved one has croaked. It lets you know they didn’t go peacefully. It’s like death pissing in your face, your already hurting knowing you won’t see them again but the brutality makes it worse. Something in me had snapped. I went through the grieving process just like everyone does. But a month after he died I took to heavy drinking. One night I drank till I literally forgot. Back then I’m sure I was trying to get myself killed. But when I woke up with that women next to me in bed with her throat slit, I felt this...desire for something more.
Every decade I limit myself to 5 kills. Each different methods. I’ll always remember my first Real kill. She was a sweet girl, had a smile like that people would envy. Teeth whiter than paper, eyes so blue they were like the ocean. Ironic since that’s the one place they never looked when she went missing. Turns out you can’t really swim that well with legs smashed to shit by a sledgehammer. She cried and begged even as I carried her to the side of the boat and dropped her in. Bloody and wounded, and I watched her sink lower and lower into the ocean darkness. Sweet girl, but that didn’t stop me from having my fun. God knows how long later and the body count keeps piling up. But now...here I am with a victim who I may actually have mutual feelings for. I’m not so sure the feeling is returned now that I’ve tied her up in the back seat. 
I always considered suicide but I never could go through with it. But now...after so many years of killing, it’s gotten so boring to be alive. It’s unbearable. I want something different. But I don’t want to die alone. This girl is the lucky four leaf clover I’m taking on my way down to hell. I don’t even know what I’ll see but at this point, I just want something different. Hell, heaven, devils, angels, saints or sinners, I don’t care. Well this is it. It’s a steep fall and I doubt I’ll live long enough to regret it but even if we do survive we’ll be too mangled to walk another day. The animals will finish us off. Well, I guess it’s time for me to go. Give me death or I’ll take lives.