“You think I’d let you play this stupid game? You think I have the time? The leisure?” Death said, his bones rattling. The black fog that surrounded him sped up slightly in its swirling. He was unimpressed at my suggestion to bargain with him.

I looked around. We stood on a surface of pure white, complete flat and even. Everything seemed to be lit from above but when I looked up, there was no light source in sight. “Is this the afterlife?” I asked.

“No, dummy. This is the dimension of thought. If I explained it to you, your primitive mind wouldn’t understand it anyway. Anyways, I’ll give you a brief rundown. So, you see, your mind exists on a different plane to your body, linked together. But when you die, your body no longer exists, and the link is broken.” Death said, waving his skeleton arms around to demonstrate his point.

Looking back, I thought about death a lot when I was still alive. Maybe there was nothing after death. Maybe there was a heaven, an afterlife. Maybe there was reincarnation. I’ve never expected for there to be a literal Grim Reaper. It just didn’t feel right.

I saw a black speck in the distance behind Death. “What is that?” I said, pointing.

Death turned around, then turned again and ran.

I didn’t. Instead, I walked closer. What if it had answers? Maybe it was the answer. As I approached it I saw it was approaching me too, but faster, magnitudes faster. As it got closer I saw it was a massive black cloud, made out of the substance that surrounded Death, swirling and twisting.

“Hey, um, can you tell me where I am right now?” I said. But the black cloud was unrelenting. As it approached, my thoughts, they… became more and more… incoherent. It was feeding on them.

Blood pumped into my brain, providing it with the jolt it needed. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me, but it wasn’t fast enough.
But I didn’t have legs. They were pulverised in the crash that killed me. My blood would’ve drained out. My brain would’ve been dead. It was hard to remember the circumstances, but I tried anyway. I remembered the car I was driving, its model, what it looked like, how I was sitting in it before the crash.

The imaginations were more vivid in this dimension, I thought, before I realised they became real. I was sitting in the car, driving. As I checked the rear-view mirror, I realised the black cloud was still chasing me, inching closer every second, but the car bought me time to think. I thought about what Death had said. This was my mind, existing in a different plane to my body, which was now gone. As a result, I was the component of my thoughts, and what I was only existed as a figment of my imagination.

I imagined a faster car, but the cloud still chased on, relentless. I imagined a jet, but it still wasn’t fast enough. *Transcendent your human thoughts,* I told myself, *that world doesn’t exist anymore.* And for a while, I was a black cloud, unaffected by the laws of physics, able to go as fast as I pleased. When I looked back, the creature had long disappeared. Changing back into a human – I was more familiar as a human, after all – I walked, only to see the Grim Reaper again.

“What was that… *thing*?” I asked.

“It’s just another mind. Thinking requires energy, you know, so minds devour other minds for energy. With a body, minds are protected so that only the most powerful could imagine feeding on them, and even then, it requires decades to finish the process. You might’ve heard of it as dementia. But once a mind becomes separated from its body, the protection is gone and it becomes vulnerable. That thing must have seen you and thought you’d make an easy prey.”

“As for what that thing was,” He continued, “I don’t know. Does it matter? It could’ve been a bear or an ant or whatever when it was still alive, but now, it’s just a collection of thoughts. It can be whatever it wishes. You know, I’m surprised that you even escaped it, but I’ll tell you what. I need food too, and you won’t escape me.”

“I don’t need to.” I said.

“Oh, what do you mean? You’re still human. You still haven’t figured out what you can be yet. Still a primitive, undeveloped mind, ripe for feasting.” Death said.

“Well, no. Look at you. The Grim Reaper. Still holding on to our culture, still having bones and a cloak. And that sickle too. And you were even human enough for us to have a conversation! If anything, I’d say it’s you who’s ready for feasting.” I said, reforming my body into a shadowy cloud.

“No, don’t you dare. No, you are not doing this.” Death screamed, but it was too late for him. He wasn’t even Death, to be fair, just one of them, and a particularly bad one at that. I absorbed his mind, his soul, his imagination. So much energy.
