"That's an excellent point, Johnny," says Brent.

I never liked Brent. He's a dimwit. This has been confirmed for me time and again--spills from the coffeepot all over my reports, never remembering how to work the damn copier--but he's driving me crazy today more than any time before. Because today, at this quick nooner lunch meeting at the sushi place next to the office, Brent somehow cannot comprehend that Johnny is *not* a junior executive from accounting.

No, he is not. Johnny is clearly a bunch of otters, roiling around in a trenchcoat.

The trenchcoat sits, lumpy and slumped, in the wooden chair across from me. The clinking of glassware and quiet pleasant conversation fills the air of the sushi restaurant, the smells of soy sauce and tea, and the pleasant pallid glow from the bubbling live fish tank against the wall to my left. Meanwhile, a faint continuous rustling emanates from Johnny. I cannot take my eyes off of the stiff fabric, which is moving to accomodate the five or six clearly visible, medium-sized creatures within it.

"No, really!" simpers Brent, through a mouthful of rice, as if in response to a normal human. "I never thought about that solution. Do you think we could charge more for that kind of service?"

I simply have no idea what to do. I wonder if I am hallucinating. A sleeve, suddenly animated, flops its way across the body of the trenchcoat. It collides with another of the vibrating lumps in the coat, and both begin jumping excitedly, emitting a volley of adorable chirps.

"Now, where did you say you got your MBA from? It was Duke, wasn't it?" *Shut up, Brent.* He's practically starry-eyed. I always thought he was a bit of a fag, honestly, but can't he see that Johnny is less of a bright young upstart from the Carolinas, and more of a bickering heap of aquatic mammals? (Housed in, admittedly, a fairly dashing camel-colored London Fog.)

I sip my green tea. The aquarium tank bubbles. A furry nose emerges, sniffing, from the left sleeve and haltingly begins to nibble on my tuna roll.

"Anyway," sighs Brent, "you're off to a bright start, and I'm sure you'll do well here. Now if you'll excuse me,"--he rises, fastidiously pushing in his chair--"I need to pay a visit to the restroom. Then back to the office, eh, Mark?"

"Fine," I manage shortly. The sleeve otter has now polished off several of my tuna rolls. Whatever. I'm feeling faintly nauseous anyway. A second otter's head has emerged from the coat's collar. It is absolutely adorable. Its fur is a soft and healthy-looking grey-brown. Its black little eyes are cute as buttons. It is blinking blearily in the fluorescent light. It chirrups softly, once.

Maybe everyone else at the office has decided to participate in this group delusion, simply to keep a bunch of adorable otters around.

"Maybe I should just try to get used to you," I say to the collar otter.

Startled by my voice, I think, the otter turns its gaze on me and, for a brief and startling moment of interspecies contact, stares deeply into my eyes. It is neither benevolent nor menacing. It is a little alien creature with sharp eye-teeth protruding from beneath its upper lip.

I realize I am holding my breath.

Then the otter, as if surprised, catches sight of the fish tank and screams.

In a flash one-two-three-four-five-*six* otters erupt out of the camel trenchcoat, squalling. Every one of them hits the floor with a *flump* and they scatter across the wooden floor in all directions, claws ticking with the patter of their paws. One of them in its rush loses its grip and wriggles wetly on the floor with its paws flailing. Three of the shrieking otters leap frantically from the floor *into* the aquarium in a series of catastrophic splashes. My hair, suddenly, is soaked. There are two fish on the floor, flopping.

Johnny's spectacular dissolution has taken no more than four seconds.

There are otters and water everywhere.

And no one seems to notice but me.

"Okay, Mike!" That idiot Brent is back from the bathroom. "Back to the office?"

"Sure," I say faintly, standing and lifting my own coat from the back of my chair. One of the otters launches itself back out of the fish tank, lands on the floor, and runs, squealing, across the restaurant. The other two are still in the tank, rapidly pursuing the terrified fish in circles. The noise and commotion are incredible.

"I say, where did Johnny make off to? Did he go back before us?" Brent drones on. "Man, that kid sure is an overachiever, isn't he?"

"Sure," I repeat, as we turn to leave.