"Is that a new couch?" David's assistant, Quincy, asked with a frown. He pointed the end of his pen to the couch in question. It sat in the corner of David's office, unassuming.

"Yes," David answered, staring at Quincy resolutely. 

"Very nice." Quincy murmured absently, frowning at his clipboard. He was trying to think of a way to tell David about the robbery; David could tell by the way that his eyebrows furrowed. "Um, sir...there's been a problem."

"What kind of problem?" David quirked an eyebrow.

"Somebody robbed us," Quincy answered, still frowning at his clipboard. "Last night, while you were out with your wife."

"Oh, dear." David hummed, leaning back in his seat. "Do we have any ideas who might have done it?"

"None," Quincy replied miserably. "I am so sorry, sir. I've let you down."

David bit his tongue to avoid smiling. Instead, he looked at Quincy solemnly. "Get me any footage that you have from last night. Any other evidence you might've found, too."

"Yes, sir." Quincy hesitated in the doorway, turning back to look at David. "Are you going to call the authorities?"

David bit down on his tongue again. "No."

"What?" Quincy looked puzzled. "Why not?"

*Because I robbed the bank and don't want them to know it,* David thought irritably.

"Because I -"

"Sir!" A security officer barged into the room before David could incriminate himself. "Did you hear about the robbery?"

"I was just telling him about it." Quincy pouted.

"It's worse than we thought." 

"How much worse?" David cocked his head to the side, pretending to be surprised.

"You need to come and see this," The security guard shook her head and gestured for David to follow her. She glanced at the new couch in the office briefly. "Nice couch."

David rose from his seat, passing Quincy on his way to the doorway. He paused only to place a gentle hand on the assistant's shoulder.

"It wasn't your fault."

Quincy looked down at his clipboard.

David proceeded after the security guard, who would undoubtedly show him the vaults he had entered just five hours before; the contents of which could be found stuffed in the cushions of his brand new couch.