[WP] The last thing I remember was the ice cold sting of the blade penetrating my stomach and then ripping open my insides, gushing my guts out on the pavement in front of the grocery store. I never even had time to open the soda I bought.

When I woke up I immediately knew where l was. They've been talking about it on the news, town meetings were held and there was even a free online course you could take. When you finished you got a coupon for a 'happy meal' and 10% off your next purchase on 'fuckitletsfuck.com' ‘sex toys for your ultimate adultery experience.’

Since it became clear, with the help of science and technology, humans finally had a way of communicating with the dead. The first questions off course were: is there a heaven and hell? Is there is limbo? And most importantly who decides? The simple answer was yes, and to many people’s relief, you do. 
We were able to get into heaven, no matter what we do, and as a consequence of this knowledge: civilization went to shit. They called it 'The Loophole' and even though the idea was protested in the beginning by sweet ol’ ladies and gents who truly believed in the dignity and caring nature of humanity, it didn't take too long, for everyone to join the party. And what a party it was. Sex, drugs, and rock'n'roll! But it soon turned into rape, overdose and heads that rolled.

Human beings are too curious and easily bored, and now with all the limits removed, we were creating our new own world with new rules. Or lack thereof.

Neighbours had swing parties where participants were not always willing, especially the children, and gluttonous buffets were held 24 hours, seven days a week. People lied, manipulated and killed for fun. The prison system collapsed within a year due to total civil anarchy.

But this was the world I left behind. The world that tried to prepare me for what I was to expect next.

I laid there for a few seconds. The ground was warm, and I was glad to see my insides were also warm, inside me. All around me was gigantic stone walls that looked like waves that froze in mid-crash. A grand canyon of stone folding into each other. It was quite serene.

Far in the distance, sitting on top of a cliff I saw the outline of a large man who seemed to be hunched over or have a large hump formation on his back. A bluesy tune rippled through the canyon and reverberated off the walls.

That must be him.

I approached with caution, not because I was afraid of him, they've told us so much back on earth, I was sure nothing could really surprise me. But I was cautious not to interrupt the sweet flow of his harmonica sounds.

I immediately recognised the tune. By god, is that BB King 'The thrill is gone'? I thought with an uncanny lift in my spirit.

"Yes" The cool voice said interrupting his own melody.

He looked more normal than I imagined. Almost handsome. On his back, between his shoulders were two large bone formations sticking out. One still had a scorched looking feather stuck on it.  

"How…What? I didn't say anything?”

“I can hear your thoughts - I'm the devil, remember?”

“Oh yea… off course. They didn't tell us that in the meetings.”

A blow of deep laughter resonated through the place. I realised then how empty it was. "They're having meetings now to discuss my personal traits. What's next, PowerPoint presentations?”

“I thought the devil knew everything?” I immediately regretted my snarky remark. But I think, he knew. 

He kept his smile and looked at me. “So I take it you know the drill?”

“I do, but honestly I'm too afraid to go to heaven. We know what hell had in store, and we literally then created hell on earth because there was nothing to worry about. But I have no idea what to expect in heaven? If all those assholes on earth are heading to heaven, what's heaven really going to look like by now?”

The devil played with the golden harmonica in his one hand and took out a cigar from his pocket with the other. “A bar in Kansas, 3 o’clock the morning with a tequila special on the go?" 

"Really!?" I ask naively.

"No I don't know. It's been eternity since I've been allowed in that so called bar.

“Oh yea” I said slightly disappointed.
“Look, you can stay here if you like. You will have days of regret and misery but nothing worse than it was on earth. That was actually a form of hell, you humans just misinterpreted a few crucial points we tried to highlight in scriptures. I like to think of this place as a more pleasant state of misery. Nothing a little blues can’t fix. You know I got this harmonica from Little Walter?” 
I couldn’t help but smile. I stood on the cliff and took a long look at the land. “So this is hell? Ugh. This is not too bad.”
“Why would you want to stay here if you know there is a better place? Really – the bad days are bad.” The devil said slightly more serious.
“Yea, but…” I couldn’t really explain the feeling of content that swooped over me. Was the devil playing tricks?

“Let's just say I was an asshole before the world discovered loopholes and whatnots – and everyone became even bigger assholes. I liked that blues-loving asshole I was.”
The devil took out another cigar. “Well then.”
I took the cigar from him with a smile and sat down next to him. “Now tell me about crossroads, was that a real deal?”
He smirked and looked out on to the horizon. “Son, do I have stories for you.”
