"......Most deadly terrorist attack in history occur in Geneva.......millions dead .... nerve gas released in regional UN headquarters ....surrounding city."

Bum-ticka-ticka-ticka-ticka-ticka, Bum ticka-ticka-ticka-ticka-ticka-ticka Boom!  
I wake with a start, a blanket of sweat smothering me as the phantom sounds of war linger like cheap cologne. In vain I search for air as panic locks my lungs. I spend the next few minutes curled into a ball, slowing regaining the function of my limbs. What seems like hours pass as I slowly reconstruct myself and decide to begin my day. I glance curiously at my phone for the time as I hear rain begin to beat against my flat's windows.

06:19. 

I begrudgingly shamble into the kitchen and start my coffee maker. I have a few more hours than I intended, but I can distract myself for a bit.  After downing a few cups of hot bean water, I sit down at the kitchen table and list all the charities I donate to. I sit there for a moment, trying to remember who I hadn't sent a check to this month. Was it the Red Cross or-

tum.

My eyes dart to the door. Was I imagining things, or...

Tum-tum.

Nope. Definitely a knock. I sit for a few moments, itching my ankle and evaluating my options. 

Tum-tum-tum.

*Just answer the door. The sooner we do that, the sooner we can calm down.* I think.

"Just a minute!" I say, running to the bedroom and throwing on some clothes.

I nervously walk to the door. Peering the eyehole, I see a mousy young blonde at my door, utterly soaked to the bone. Relieved yet confused, I open the door. 

 "Sophie?" I ask.

"H-hi, A-a-arty." Sophie shivers. 

"Please, come in," I say. "Let me get a towel, you're positively drenched. And where's your coat?"

I shoot the bathroom and return to Sophie shivering on my doormat. She smiles a bit as I hand her the towel. 

"Thanks." She says, beginning to dry herself. "I know we don't start til 9, but I was trying to avoid the rain.... Wasn't lucky enough to avoid a black blood though, hence the lack of coat. Figured it wasn't worth my life, even if it was worth 100 quid."

"No worries, Sophie," I smile. "Dry yourself off and head to living room. I've got a few blankets that'll help warm you up. "

As she finishes drying herself, I grab the towel and put it in the hamper. Returning to the living room, I see Sophie already at work under a nice pile of blankets, piling my fabric on the table in front of her. I quickly grab my own fabric from beside my chair. As i sit down, Sophie asks me, "Arty, I know you already told me this, but I forgot- where'd you say you learned to sew again?"

"An ex taught me." I say. Lilacs and bullet casings begin to roost in my mind, but I banish those thoughts and start to work on the hats. As I sew marveling at how my hands seemingly move of their own accord. I watch as my hands perform alchemy, transmuting fabric and thread into headwear. A small pile quickly accumulates at my feet.

As we work on the hats, I can't help but smell something sweet. A perfume of sort, like vanilla and... lilac. Vanilla and lilac. Long suppressed memories begin to flood my mind. Scarlet hair, emerald eyes. A siren's voice. I felt my breathing become deeper and more rapid as I attempted to keep my composure. *None of was real, Arthur. None of it ever happened. You aren't responsible. It couldn't...*

Hearing noise, I look up to see Sophie's mouth contort into various shapes, utterling phrases and phonemes that normally would be understood as language. Though sure I'm supposed to answer, I can neither decipher meaning or respond, so I merely stare as my mind attempts to fan an ever-growing inferno.

"Arty? Are you ok?" Sophie asks, concern and worry plastered across her face.

I shake my head. If only for a moment, the spell is broken, and I am myself again.

"Yea, yea. Sorry. What were you asking?" I say.

"I was asking if you how where everyone else is. It's nearly noon."

I check my phone. Sure enough, everyone else decided to stay home. As I look outside, I can't blame them.

"Looks like they decided to stay home. I- ow!" I cry out.

I look down, and sure enough, I stabbed myself in the finger. 

"Are you ok?" Sophie asks.

I look down at my finger, and quickly cover it with my other hand.

"I'm fine." I say. "Let me get a bandage, and I'll be right back."

I dart to the bathroom, searching for a wrap, a bandage, a towel, anything.

"What the fuck?" I hear Sophie scream.

I rush back into the room with a bandage on my finger to see Sophie grabbing one of my lamps. 

"Sophie, what are you-"

"Shut up, tarboy!" She yells, brandishing it. 

Sure enough, when I look at the needle, the tip gleams black against the gray fabric, onyx on slate. 

"Sophie, let me explain!" 

"Explain what? That you killed a man and impersonated him? Or raped a bunch of kids? I know black blood, and I know what it means."

I hang my head. 

"No, what I did was much worse." 

Sophie briefly lowers the lamp.

"What kind of monster are you?" Sophie asks, disgusted.

I look up at her, fear and agony and misery and pain all bubbling up. 

"The trusting kind." I reply. 