"The President is waiting for you," said the talking brown cat. "Best not to keep him waiting."

"Where am I? How did I get here? How are you talking? The president?" An endless stream of questions flooded Marie's mind as she took in her unfamiliar surroundings. 

She was lying on an open grassy field. She saw the stars twinkling above her. Getting up she noticed something funny about her surroundings. Furry trees that resembled the cat scratcher she once had at home surrounded the clearing. Each tree gently illuminated by an impossibly floating light source on top of it. 

There was one tree that stood out amongst the rest. It was many times  the size of the others. There was even a staircase that led up to the first... Box? Or was it a small room? 

"You've been asleep for a long time young one," said the talking cat. "No doubt you'll find your surroundings unfamiliar but you'll get accustomed to it soon. We want nothing but your safety here in Kasside. Oh dear, where are my manners, I haven't introduced myself yet. My name is Stephanie, Chief Secretary of the Furry House."

"Marie, my name is Marie, where am I? I want to go home." Said Marie as her eyes slowly start to swell up with tears. Where were her loving parents? Where was her home sweet home? 

"There, there child," said Stephanie as she slowly cuddled up to Marie. Trying her best to console the lonely child. "The president will explain everything once you meet her. Come on now, everything will be fine."

"Ok." Said Marie as she started walking towards the big tree. She wanted dearly to return to her parents as soon as possible, but she didn't know how. All she could do was trust in the talking cat for now. 

As they neared the entrance to the tree house, a single Persian cat came walking out of the box. 

"Stella!" cried Marie as she jumped to hug her pet cat. The tears she held back came gushing out again as she saw something familiar in this unfamiliar land. "Oh Stella, where am I? And where are mom and dad?"

"Master! Please it's hard to breathe!" said Stella as Marie released her from her grasp.

"Thank you master. It's been such a long time. I've missed you too." Gasping for breath, Stella continued. "You took great care of me in the past, so I wanted to make sure everything was safe before you were reawakened."

"Now master, I apologize in advance for what I'm going to tell you next," said Stella nervously yet seriously. 

"Your parents were doctors and scientists, and they knew what was going to happen when the first true artificial intelligence gained access to the entire internet. They figured out that the first thing it would do would be to wipe out all humans. And that it did. The first AI created a biological weapon that could infect and kill every last human being in the world, but leave the rest of the ecosystem unaffected, lest it repeat the same mistake the humans did. And it unleashed the weapon 2 decades ago. Humanity has fallen."

"But before your parents fell ill, they managed to secure you in a life preserving pod and gave me and the other cats the ability to learn and think as intelligently as humans did, as well as a longer longevity. They taught me all they knew and entrusted your future to me. And ever since humanity's end, I've been working with the other cats in creating a place for you to call home as most of the world has been taken over by the AI. And now that we've succeeded in creating an invisible barrier, and the infection died as its last host died, I thought it was time to wake you up."

Marie stared blankly at her pet cat Stella. Then tears started to well up in her eyes again as she realized the most important thing Stella said.

"Mom and dad... are g-gone?" She prayed that it wasn't true.

"I'm sorry master I shouldn't have used such hard words," replied Stella. "Yes... I'm sorry but mom and dad... Are gone forever."

Marie started to cry her eyes out. Tears streaming down her cheeks like a waterfall as she cried her throat dry. Mom and dad were gone? Forever?

"Please stop crying master, your mom and dad saved you," said Stella trying hard to console Marie who just realized that she was alone without her parents, forever. "But more importantly they loved you. They loved you so much that they sacrificed all their remaining time to give you a future. They loved you Marie." 

"Please stop crying master. Even without your parents you can still walk forwards towards a future. To return the love you've given me when I was but a mere cat, I'll care for you as much as you've cared for me in the past. I love you too Marie! So please stop crying master."

Marie looked at her pet talking cat through tear-filled eyes. And hugged her cat as she slowly stopped crying. 