"Math?"

Emilio grinned. "Let's hang after school, I'll show you."

"What-" I started, before the teacher looked up.

"You two having a nice conversation?" he asked. 

"Um-"

"It surely had to do with meth, correct?"

"Uh, yeah, it-"

"I'm sure it did," he smirked, "Now, how about you pay a little more attention to the demonstration, alright?"

The class giggled and I stuck my head down on my desk as he continued the lesson. Asshole thinks that teaching meth makes him the King of Spain or some shit. 

I thought about what Emilio had told me. "Math". I knew some of the upperclassmen did it. Hell, I tried adding and subtracting once or twice. Shit was pretty tight, but "math" was scary. That one word encompassed so much that I couldn't even begin to wrap my head around it. Not to mention that it was very illegal, too. But suddenly I couldn't stop thinking about it. "Math". Every time the word crossed my mind it became more and more appealing. Plus, we had a meth test tomorrow. Fuck that. Math it is.

Emilio picked me up after school and we drove off to 'study' for the math test. What my parents didn't know, however, was that Emilio had picked up some paper and even managed to snag a pencil, too. We parked in an empty lot and he whipped out the paper. "Alright, man. You've done adding and subtracting before, right?" I nodded my head. "What I'm gonna teach you, and hey," he looked at me, "do NOT tell anyone we're doing this. Shit wouldn't fly with most people." I nodded my head again. "Alright, multiplication is kinda like adding. Say you got 5, and you add 5, and now you got 10. Now, with multiplying, say you got 5 and you multiply it by 2. That's two groups of 5, which is-"

"Ten," I answered. Emilio gave me a surprised look. "You're catching on pretty quickly, man. Good shit." He kept explaining, and with each problem my heart beat faster and faster. Holy shit. Multiplying? This was the greatest thing in the fucking world. I listened on, and figured out problem after problem. Emilio beamed. "Damn, you're a quick learner. I guess tomorrow I can teach you division if my man pulls through with some more paper." Division? There's more?! In that instant math hooked me like the juiciest worm on the fishing hook. I couldn't stop thinking about it, and as I fell asleep that night I dreamed not of riches, or fame, or love, but math. 




Uh-oh. Mr. Stick-up-his-ass doesn't look too happy. The teacher waved me over. I walked to his desk and he beckoned me closer. I bent down and he whispered, "You failed the test. This is getting ridiculous, apply yourself!" I looked at him. Yeah, no. Just cuz I don't know how to smoke meth or shoot it up or how much it costs or whatever doesn't mean I have a problem 'applying myself'. I couldn’t help that the class was fucking boring. I grumbled something as I walked off. "Excuse me?" he said, and I turned around. I looked at his face. His stupid junkie face. Just cuz you're a junkie doesn't make you better than me, I screamed with my eyes. But my mouth said something different. "I didn't say anything." 

The teacher gave me a look. "It sounded like you said something," he said in that condescending teacher way. 

"Yo, I didn't say anything."

"Look-"

Not again. Not another lecture. 

"- if you have a problem with your grade, come see me after class. You-"

"It's not the test I gotta problem with," I said. The class made an "ooohh".

"Then what *do* you have a problem with?"

"You know what, man?" I said, my voice rising, "meth sucks. It's a dumb subject that, let's be real, I don't care about it. I don't think I'll ever care about it. You can't make me care about it, money can't make me care about. Who even uses it, besides junkies, or like, a meth teacher? It's pointless." I finished and breathed heavily. Shit, where did that come from? I had never snapped like that to a teacher, at least not out loud. This was not lost on Stick-up-his-ass, either. The shock lingered on his face, and after a few seconds of silence, he finally mustered, "Well, if you don't care, you can wait in the office." The class was dead silent, except for Emilio trying not to laugh. I stood up and grabbed my bag. "Whatever, bitch," I muttered under my breath as I walked out the door. The rest of high school flew by after that. As I did more math I forgot all about meth class and that stupid teacher. I didn't expect to ever see him again. 



"C'mon, man. She's hot. Like, really hot."

Emilio gave me a blank stare. "And?" he countered. "Who's gonna help finish these equations?" 

I looked at the half finished calculus problems on the table. Addition, I could do. Fractions, decimals, algebra, easy. Geometry, eh, wasn't too bad, but *calculus*? Nah, too fuckin' hard. 

"Listen, she's literally across the street. How much help do you need?"

"Alright man, whatever. Go. But I'm gonna need you here in the mornin' to finish the rest." 

"Gracias," I replied. Finally, I'd get to hang out with the hot chick *and* put off doing shitty calculus. Seemed like a win-win to me. 

I opened my eyes and looked around. Clothes and beer bottles lined the floor, and... wait what? I looked at the clock. Shit, it was already morning. Well, I thought, glancing at the girl next to me, still asleep, Emilio can wait for a little longer. I laid my head back down when *bang!* I heard a noise and commotion outside. Shit, what was going on? I looked out the window. 

Oh, no. Oh fuck no. You ever think about riding a motorcycle? Like, if you crash on that thing you're pretty much dead. But, what are the odds, right? Surely *I* won't crash, right? I mean, I bet that was what everyone who crashed one was thinking. And the equivalent of crashing your motorcycle in the math world is the DAL. Department Against Learning. No one who ever starts out doing math thinks they'll get pinched. Only the big players get caught. They won't bother with me. But once you cross the path into more advanced math, the risk grows larger. And the deep fear that this would one day happen was playing out right in front of me. DAL agents streamed out of their trucks and bashed in the front door to the apartment where Emilio was working. "Fuck!" I yelled, waking the girl. "Wha-" she mumbled, half asleep. 

"The fucking DAL! They're here!" That woke her up. 

"What, what?! Where?"

I pointed a quivering finger at the apartment where DAL agents had probably already arrested Emilio. "Right fucking there! Holy shit, they raided us!" I was still in shock. She threw my pants at me.

"Get the fuck out, now! Go out the window! Hurry!" She threw my pants at me as I crawled out the window. I tried putting them on quietly and carefully, got one foot in, but as I put the other foot in I slipped. I tumbled off the roof and onto the ground. Shit! Did someone hear that? The rest of my clothes glided to the ground from the window and I scrambled to throw them on, looking around to make sure no DAL could see me. I scanned and saw a minivan, with... What?! What was *he* doing with the DAL? Was he a snitch now or something? He was staring right at me. I put a finger to my lips and ran to my car. I flipped on the engine and got the fuck out. 

I went back to my house, still sweating. How did they bust us? What happened to Emilio? I quickly sat down and busted out a couple of math problems to take the edge off.



Before I knew it, night came. Had I really done that much math? I looked up outside. Should probably throw a cover on the car, just to be safe. I ran outside and tossed the cover over the car. Suddenly, I heard the gate creak. I crouched down, grabbed the car jack next to me, and prayed. 

"Hey. It's me. I'm alone."

Are you kidding me? *Him?* 

I glanced over the hood of the car. "How'd you find me?" I called out. 

"You're still in our filing system," he answered, walking towards me. "So, your aunt owns this place, right?" 

"*I* own it." I looked at him, trying to figure out what he was doing here.

"Look, no one's looking for you," he said, as if reading my thoughts.

"Why are you here?"

"I was... curious," he started off, "honestly, I never expected you to amount to much- but math? I didn't picture that."

Shit. 

"There's a lot of money in it, huh?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," I countered. 

"No?"

"Not a clue."

"The Math Tutor? That's not you?" he asked, pulling up the cover on the car. 'MTH TUT' read the plate. A bead of sweat dripped down my face. Shit, I thought people would think it stood for 'meth tutor' or something. 

"Like I said," he reiterated, "no one is looking for you."

"Look, man. I don't know what you think you're doing here, alright. High school was a long time ago. I don't wanna hear any speeches or any preachy bullshit, so just step off." 

"Who's your partner... Emilio, right? Emilio's going to prison. Which means you're out of a partner." He stepped forward, speaking deliberately. "You know the business. I know the formulas. I was thinking we could... partner up."

"You wanna do math?" I scoffed. "Do you even know how?"

He nodded his head, eagerness dancing in his eyes. 

Jesus Christ. Mr. White wants to do math?

Guess things could be weirder. 










