I stared at the folder in wonderment for a moment, then barked with a laugh "well f\*ck, that was easy".

I opened up the database and typed "found, desires no contact".  I closed out of the file record and eased back into my chair. Anybody that would have that picture, I don't give two sh!ts about.

Dammit, I closed that case a little TOO quickly. This is gonna end up biting me in the ass for sure.

Pt.2  
The PRECISE calculation on how long that took to come back to bite me was 2 hours, 17 minutes. That is when the Sargent called me into his office after going over the case reports. "Roth, what's the deal with this case you closed out this morning? You had been assigned it for less than ten minutes!" "Yeah, Sarge, about that...." I started.

Now, this is one of those parts of the choose your own adventure book where you have to make a decision. Tell the weird ass truth and come clean, turn to page 83. OR Tell an outright lie and run the risk of losing your job and reputation, turn to page 42.... The thing was, I knew for a fact that when you flip to page 42, my ass was gonna get caught for sure, and THEN rerouted to page 83 anyway....  


Pt. 3  
"Sarge, Do you know why I'm able to solve so many cases?" Sarge gestured out at me with his hand, "of course, I do Roth, you bust your ass for those people, you don't leave a stone unturned, a clue overlooked, nor a lead not tracked down."  "Yes, Sarge, that's all true, but let me take a step back to fill you in. Are you familiar with Sherlock Holmes?"   


"Of course, but Roth, you ain't quite that good, and he was fictional..." My eyes lifted up, "But I do close more than my fair share of cases, right....right?" "Yeah, Roth, ya do" he admitted. "So...?"  I pointed my index finger to illustrate my point, "Yes, but what did he do in those stories? He analyzed everything, made deductions, famously saying whatever left, however improbable, must be the truth... BUT....ALL that was tied together with a depth of knowledge of existing cases. He studied cases from all over the world. There was then to him, and there is now, hardly anything NEW. I study old cases, new cases, unsolved cases, solved later cases, related cases. Cases in almost every country in the world. When you see the map of the road better than anyone, you are far better equipped to navigate it to the correct destination. That motivation to do that work is because I lived it too.  I was lost... missing. I was taken, and I know the feeling all too well what it is like to be powerless in someone else's clutches. And I'll be DAMNED if I will let somebody stay out there when I can bring them home. That picture, Sarge... that picture in that file, is ME.