It's 15 minutes before the start of the big award ceremony, and all he can think of is the path he took to get here. The accolades, fame, reputation; none of that matters right now as he thinks back to that decision he made on his 18th birthday.

 It was a Friday morning, overcast as usual, as he left his parent's house for the newly constructed S.P.E.C.I.A.L. Skills Laboratory in downtown Oxford. He had been in college for 18 months already and was beginning to grow bored of the non-challenging courses he had been taking. He was, essentially, a child genius, and was looking for something new and adventurous to do besides sitting through boring lectures with students who were older than he was. He had been thinking about this decision for several months now, but still wasn't sure where he wanted to re-allocate his 20 skill points. It was on the train ride to the Skills Lab that he found something that really caught his interest.  An older man was sitting next to him in a wheelchair and had been muttering something about how luck has affected the course of history.  When he asked the old man what he meant, he responded, "having certain skills can set the trajectory of one's life, but luck can make anything possible."

As he handed in the final paperwork to the assistant, she noticed that he had decided to allocate all of the points to luck.  "You are aware of the ramifications this will have on your physical abilities and mental acuity, correct?", she exclaimed.  He just nodded his head in approval and said, "let's begin."

The first few weeks seemed pretty normal.  Nothing significant had happened and he couldn't really tell if anything had changed.  After a couple of months, however, he realized that it was becoming increasingly difficult to walk up stairs and his speech had begun to slur at times. The degradation of his body and speech continued over the next few years as he thought that he had made a horrible decision.  Since this whole luck thing wasn't panning out as planned, he decided to try and get a job at the local science library in Oxford at the age of 21.   It was there that he caught his first big break. While going through some old catalogs of unpublished scientific essays he stumbled upon, he found some proofs on Einstein's theory of relativity that were hand written and had no accredited author. Realizing that his life was going nowhere at the time he decided to take these essays home and make them his own. He knew that if he published these proofs he would have to back them up somehow so he studied them intently and wrote notes to help him remember what was written.  This wasn't the right thing to do, but he had to find his place in the world and this was his only opportunity.  

Many years went by and he kept finding theory after theory, unpublished and hidden away in the depths of the library, unknown to the world.  Black hole dynamics, quantum gravity and mechanics, space time theory, it was all there waiting for him to publish and take credit.  He wrote books and won awards on these "findings", but it was all attributed to his skill at luck. 

"5 minutes until the award ceremony, sir", said his assistant.  He had done this so many times at this point it seemed like second nature.  Accept the award, read a speech from a cue card, and get on with the ceremony.  It was a little difficult now .  All of the years of physical degeneration had left him confined to a wheelchair, and he needed assistance when speaking. He knew that this would likely be his last acceptance speech, as he could sense he didn't have much longer. But this award was special. Different. He had just published a research essay on what had always thought to have been impossible, time travel. 

As he takes final note of what he had written on the cue cards, his assistant approaches him and says, "It's time for your speech, Mr. Hawking."