I finished brushing my teeth and took a long look into the mirror. Out of the corner of my eye I see the big fat “0.” Mouth agape as if it were laughing at me. I hadn’t had a day worth repeating in months. When I got my promotion, I repeated that day a couple times, that was fun. Suzy said she repeated the day we brought home Jasper, our Golden Retriever puppy, several times. But lately things have been feeling dull, either that or we both have been too busy to really appreciate what’s going on around us. I had almost repeated a day last week when Suzy and I got into a huge argument about… Well I can’t really remember what it was about now… Hence why I didn’t repeat. I wouldn’t have remembered why I was repeating and we would’ve just had the same pointless fight again. That’s the thing about repeating, it’s nice for re-living lovely moments but it’s difficult to correct the less lovely moments when you can’t remember why you’re repeating. Either way, my number for today was “0” and was going to stay that way. I laid down next to Suzy as the prompt flashed across my field of view. “Repeat Day: Y/N?” I reached for my pocket remote on the nightstand and clicked until the “N” was flashing and clicked the “Select” button. 

	The next morning my ears were assaulted by the blaring of my alarm clock. My eyes cracked open to a blurry world. I rolled out of bed and shuffled to the bathroom as I wiped the eye boogers from the corners of my eyes. I’ve never been a morning person, waking up is a chore. I splashed some water in my face and looked at myself. Then out of the corner of my eye I caught it. My heart sank, it almost felt like it stopped. Instead of seeing a lonely “0” in my display, there was a “7212” staring back at me. What in the world could possibly be worth repeating over 7000 times?! I panicked, it must be something terrible that I’m trying to fix, a mistake I must rectify. I was afraid to move. I contemplated not going into work just in case past me was trying to avoid getting hit by a car. Or maybe one of my projects at work was going to get rejected and I need time to save it. I had seen a “3” or a “4” for a repeated day, “7” was my highest, but 7212? 

	Work was agonizing. Once I had finally decided to go into the office, I spent all day in a constant state of paranoia. I was waiting for a moment, any moment, good or bad. Nothing seemed different. About halfway through I resolved myself to live out the day as normally as possible. I typed away at my computer, got a lot of good work done in all truthfulness. I was in the middle of a particularly challenging project when my phone rang. It was Susy’s office. The panic crept back in. Susy very rarely called me at work, or at least she hadn’t in a long time. I picked up the phone, I must’ve shouted or something because my reaction startled Suzy on the other end. 

“Are you okay?!” I blurted.
“Of course, what’s the matter?” Susy asked.
“Oh… Uh nothing, I’ve just had an odd day.” 
“Oh, Ok, I might have something to cheer you up then.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Miranda from work told me about a festival being held in the park tonight. Should be a lot of fun, I thought we could go for a date night?”
“Ummm…. Yeah, sure, that sounds great.”
“Perfect, we can meet at the house and go from there.”

	We walked hand in hand through a festival of hundreds of people with their families. Some selling goods and some buying. Music was playing on several different stages. Each booth was covered with different colored tapestries. Looking across the park looked like a sea of a million colors. We found a nice bench to sit on and were just able to talk. We hadn’t done that in forever. Our busy lives encroach on what matters most so often. Some children were playing a ways away from us. 

“We’re about to have some of our own.” She said.
“Some what?” 
“I’m pregnant! I just found out today!”

	It was a dream come true. We had been trying for years. It was a dream I had all but given up hope for. In that moment, when I saw the look in Suzy’s eyes, when I felt what I simply cannot describe, I knew what could be worth repeating over 7000 times. 

A white flash.

	I opened my eyes. I was staring at the sky. Ashes swirling through clouds of smoke. All I could hear was a symphony of ringing bells. I couldn’t sit up so I rolled over and pushed myself up. Everything was a shade of grey with hints of red and orange fire all around. A man walked aimlessly dazed around in circles while carrying an arm that wasn’t his. A mother screamed for her children. I frantically looked to either side to see where Suzy was. She was twenty feet away from me, or I had been blown twenty feet away. I crawled to her. The pain, searing pain through my legs. She looked up at me, her eyes wide, panicked. She was gasping for air. I held her head close to my chest. As she breathed her last breath, across my field of view flashed…

Repeat Day: Y/N?

