"Mr. Green?" One of the hostages asked, and I looked at him. 

"What?" I replied, feeling more and more nervous. **SHE** was coming soon. Lady Emerald, the supervillain who was obsessed with me. I worked on freeing the hostages, but her knots were stronger than I was after I fought my way through her traps.

"It's just... you look exhausted, are you alright?" I nodded, and gave him a smile before getting back to the knot. I wasn't alright. My powers came from my satiety of hunger, and she always knew when I was between meals, it seemed. I would have killed for a power bar or something. I manage to get one free before she appears.

"Well, well, looks like the mighty Mr. Green is here to save these worthless peons!" She stood on a balcony overlooking the hostage scenario, it a green get-up that looked like a stripper version of my costume. That's hard to do when you wear a suit to fight crime. "Come here to foil my plans?"

"Yes, I have." I said listlessly. She cackled, and I rolled my eyes while I looked around the room for a box-cutter.

"Truly you think highly of yourself! I am..." I tuned it out. She was going to go on, and go on, and go on. Then she'd attack me and try and grope me while we fought.

The thing is, I know her. She works with me. When she's not wearing this costume and green wig, she's a nice enough girl, a bit bookish and shy, but seriously? This is how you come out of your shell?

"Are you listening to me?"

"Yes, I'm listening Julie." I mutter, forgetting myself for a minute, and curse. I look at her, and she's beet red. "I mean-"

"I have to go now!" She yelps, and runs off.
 
"You know who she is?" One of the hostages hollers at me. "Why don't you go after her?"

"She's harmless. She doesn't really commit many crimes." I reply, after I free them by cutting through the rope with my new box-cutter.

"We've been here for hours!" One of them screeches at me. I sigh in defeat.

"You're welcome." I say, and leave out the exit Julie went through. I know she does this to get my attention, but seriously, she could just talk to me.