The world around me was incredibly... clean. Before I was shrunk to the size of the prison world I expected anything but this, to be quite honest with you. The place I was sent to is where most of the prisoners of the ethnicity of the criminal I'm looking for were sent to: Burrham. Burrham was a small English town with a population of around 7.000 people in the real world. In this miniature world, however, it was the home of more than 4.000 prisoners with similar sentences. Assault with intent of murder and everything beyond. The population was entirely male and mostly English speaking, either as first or as second language. They all had in common that they were raised with the language. It *shouldn't* be a problem. Now, when I was shrunk down I expected to see carnage and destruction. Yet for some reason... that was missing.

I stood in a small park. The town park, like the document explained. I was teleported into a small wooden pavilion on a pond. Around me was a well kept park garden. The grass was cut, there was no trash, the trees were actually alive. It's safe to say I did not expect this. As I walked along the path to the village surrounding the park I noticed no litter lying in the grass, contrary to expectation. What shocked me more was the town square just outside of the park: It was cleaner than the real town square itself was. There was no graffiti on the walls where there should've been, no construction site around that one building on the western side of the square. Now before I was shrunk here I had to do a tour of the real town, mind you. In case there would be any complications when I had to be returned to normal size in the normal world I should be able to quickly find a hiding spot in the city, should the inmates choose violence against my sudden appearance. Also it should help me with my search for that criminal.  So it was clear *something* was off. Or was it? As I approached the church on the far end I began hearing a melody. As I drew closer the melody turned into voices... a choir? No, not a choir, just normal singing. I put my hands on the doorknobs.  
*These men defile this church with mock songs! Someone has to put an end to this*, I thought and I pushed open the doors.

Tidy looking men. Beards shaven or clean shaven. No shorts, only trousers with their shirts tugged into them. *What was going on?* The men fell silent in their *prayer* one after the other after the first had noticed me. Awkwardly they looked toward me, some with a curious look on their face, others with a rather... *stern* one. They all had choirbooks in their hands and at the altar stood a man in ritual clothing. He was the first to break the silence.  
"A new inmate, praise the Lord!", he said, and the others followed.  
"Praise the Lord!", they cheered, "Welcome, stranger! Welcome, friend!" I was bombarded with joyful cheers. It wasn't until the priest-inmate raised his hands to calm the lot until the voices died.  
"Tell us, stranger. What is thy name, so we can welcome you wholeheartedly into our ranks. Fear us not, you are safe here." Somehow the priest seemed familiar to me.  
"I...", I stammered, "I... My name is Bishop. Jeremiah Bishop."  
"Ah, welcome Jeremiah! Fear not thy sentence to life imprisonment if thou were sent here. You shall not be judged for any longer."  
"No, you don't understand.", I pulled myself together. "I'm not an inmate."  
"You needn't to be ashamed of what you did, Jeremiah.", the some of the other inmates vocally agreed, "Come here, lost soul, and let your heart be cleansed."  
"No, I mean it, inmate.", I replied with a stern tone, my hand reaching into my jacket, "I'm from the sentence execution department. I'm here to transport inmate Josef Cooke back to the great world." I pulled my badge and warrant out and held it out in front of me for everyone to see. I finally recognized the priest. "Cooke, your time on death row is up. You have to pay for your crimes."  

The church fell silent as hundreds of faces looked at me in shock. Cooke, however, only seemed slightly surprised as he sighed.  
Suddenly I realized what I had gotten myself into.

[End of part 1]