The trees were huge, comically huge, video-game huge. They sprouted from beneath the clouds under them and 
blossomed in huge umbrellas of green, yellow and red leaves over their heads, casting cobweb shadows on the sunlit path under their feet.

Henry walked carefully. There were no railings on the edge of the path – just the fall, the endless fall that 
disappeared in the thick clouds below.

"If you fall, you don't die," Amy said, with a smile back at him. "The clouds hold you, like pillows."

It was something out of a fairy tale. The pink sky. The grass and gravel path that snaked through the giant trees, 
suspended mid-air like a street lane held up by magic. The smell of honeysuckle and roses and rain in the air, the bird chirping. Everything all almost a caricature of perfection.

"Here," Amy said, and she made a sharp turn with the path and soon they were climbing down ancient-looking 
stone steps coated in vine and dry leaves, the faint sound of a waterfall reaching them from somewhere out of 
sight down under.

"Careful, don't slip," Amy said, and she took Henry's hand and he followed her. "Over here."

The wide open space with the giant trees gave way to a more enclosed environment, with smaller but denser trees surrounding the stone wall they were climbing down. Soon they climbed straight down through the thick white clouds and reached the ground and Henry realized they were in a forest. A lush forest of green and brown. The smell of wet dirt and fresh wood invaded his nostrils, and he followed Amy to a little path on the ground that snaked towards a house in a clearing, a wooden house with a chimney coughing up smoke like some drawing in a children's book, some feverish fairy tale dreamland come to life in front of his eyes.

"It's…"

"Unbelievable," Amy completed. "That's what I thought when I first saw it too."

They stopped in front of the porch. Henry looked around, then down.

"We can have kids here," Amy said. "There's time and space to have kids here. To grow old and raise them and be 
happy. Forever."

"Amy…" Henry climbed the steps and sat on the suspended bench on the porch. Amy followed. "I don't know."

"What don't you know? This is literally magic, Henry. We can live forever here."

"Yeah, but… do you want to?"

Amy laughed. "Henry, who *doesn't* want to live forever? I mean, I get not wanting it in that shithole that we call real life, but here?" She motioned around her, encompassing with her hands the whole idyllic scenery surrounding them. "It's perfection. Forever."

"People were meant to die one day, Amy. People weren't meant to live for pleasure forever, we're not… orgasm 
buttons."

"Henry," She knelt in front of him and took his hand on hers. "People were not *meant* to anything. We are 
accidents. We weren't even supposed to be sentient, we're like… an abortion of nature. Our self-awareness is an accident, a side effect. We shouldn't know we exist. But we do. We know we are alive and we know we must die and this place… this place takes all of that back. We live forever here. We are *happy* forever here. The scenery, it's always changing, there's giant futuristic cities, there's ancient medieval castles, there's magic forests, interesting people, all new, new, new, never a boring day, and forever! It's everything a person could ever want."

"It's not… natural," Henry said. "It's not… what's *meant* to happen."

"Henry, what is meant to happen is you and I and every other human being ever will die and then the universe will 
die too and it will be like nothing ever existed!" Amy was getting angry now. Even the pink sky and the golden 
sunlight around and behind her seemed to be gathering an ominous hue, like mirroring her emotions. "What is 
*meant* to happen is the source of all human suffering. We are insignificant outside of this place! We are absurd!"

"Maybe we're meant to be insignificant."

"STOP SAYING MEANT LIKE ANYTHING IS 'MEANT' TO HAPPEN. IT'S A MADE UP WORD." She calmed herself. She 
put her hand to her heart and breathed deep. "Nothing is *meant*. There is no order in the universe save for the one you put there with your own eyes. There is only chaos, Henry, chaos and forgetfulness once everything blows away and dies. Is this what you want? For our love to have meant nothing? Our life? Because when we're both gone, that's what it's going to be like. Nothingness."

Henry didn't say anything. He was crying, but he didn't say anything.

"I love us," Amy said, taking his hand again. "I want us to last forever. I don't want our love limited by the 
indifference of the universe that bred it in the first place." She sniffed her tears too. "I want you and I… for longer 
than reality permits. And this is how we do it. This place. Whatever it is. Real or not. Insanity or not. It's here. It's 
forever. And I want to share it with you."

Henry looked down. Then he looked up, and the sky was gray now, and a soft rain was trickling down between the 
leaves of the wall of trees behind and around the house. 

"I'm sorry, Amy," he said. "I'm sorry, I can't."

She got up. She stepped back. "I'm staying," she said. "I'm not leaving here."

Henry nodded. "Okay." 

How could he blame her? She was the one who was dying. She was the one with months to live, in the real world. He thought she was wrong, but how could he judge her from his position? From his place in life, his healthy body, his healthy mind. Deep down he'd like to think he'd be different, but would he? Didn't he too, like everyone, harbor the illusion that he would live forever? Didn't he make plans and live his life like he wasn't going to die one day, despite his 'logical' mind knowing it fully well? Didn't he too bury this truth? This truth that Amy had to dig up from the ground and stare at, that morning the doctor gave her the news?

No, he couldn't judge. He could disagree, but not judge.

He got up and started for the path, then he turned back. She was crying, her arms dangling by her body, 
powerless, weak, fragile.

"Why do you have so much love for this universe that brings you nothing but pain?" she said. "This reality that doesn't love you enough to even let you in on itself and its truths. That's not even honest with you. This world that keeps you in the dark and then kills you -- is that the world you love?" She cried harder, then she stopped. "Is it worthy of it?"

Henry shook his head. "It's the only world I've ever known," he said. "And it was good enough for my fathers before me."

He climbed the stone steps alone, and alone he made way back through the giant trees under the now pouring 
rain and the heavy skies, and then he crossed and emerged back into their house, alone now.

The portal closed behind his back and she disappeared – her and her memory together. Her parents, their friends, 
no one remembered her anymore after that, just like she said it would happen. Those were the rules. That was the price you paid for that perfect universe -- no coming back, no footprints left in reality. She disappeared from his reality completely. 

And Henry carried on without her for sixty-two years, and when he died, it rained for the second time over her 
house in the woods in her lonely, perfect world, but she didn't know why.


_____

/r/psycho_alpaca