"Please, stop this... She's just a child."

My mother's pleading voice woke me from my dreams and, for that, I was grateful. Though nearly eight years had passed since the first time, I was still haunted by those little black eyes staring lifelessly at me. Shelly had been my only playmate for three years and then, with hardly a breath, she was gone.

Word gets around quick when no one has died in half a century.

"We don't want to turn you in..." he trailed off, even too cowardly to finish with, *but we'll do what we must*. Even without the threat spoken, my mother understood. Her deep sigh was little more than concession to those before her.

From the crack in my door, I watched my mother collapse into herself and I steeled myself for her. Before Shelly, I could only remember my mother being a strong person. Since then... well, my father ran away and she has kept me more hidden than I had been before.

"Did you bring the goods?"

Ah, yes. Bargaining for death. According to my mother, the situation we find ourselves in now is increasingly ironic. She claims there was a time when people would have bargained for one extra day.

The hands looked much more weathered than my mother's and I wondered briefly how long he had been around. I wondered how long he had searched for us, who move more frequently than most, and how much he was willing to give for this.

*"We only take what we need, Adri, even if that person is giving their life. It's about respect."*

I was silent when my mother stood and brought me out to meet the man she had been conversing with. I didn't raise my eyes to meet his and I felt his body shift away just slightly. Yes, this man had been around before death had left them. This man understood what it was I could do.

"She's a few blocks down." His tone had shifted away from the slightly combative one he had used with my mother while in my presence. It was common for visitors to behave that way. My mother says it's respect, but I'm sure it's fear. "Please follow me."

We always have done our work by the moonlight, hiding from the law abiding individuals who would have me or my mother imprisoned for eternity. This time was no exception. Down three blocks was an abandoned play area, fighting against time and lack of young children to entertain. The only light there to illuminate it was across the street and very dim. I noticed the old woman as we crossed through the gated entrance and, as my mother and our companion stopped, I continued on.

"I used to... swing on these for hours... when I was little." A small smile cracked the leather on her face and she looked up at me. I met her gaze steadily, arms stiff at my sides. "Won't you sit with me, child?"

"Ma'am, I have brought death with me today."

"Oh, I know what you've brought." Her smile seemed to widen, her eyes sparkled at me. "You, my dear... You are bringing me... *salvation*." Though I had met with many who wanted my services, the woman before me was the first who gave off such a kind and elegant air. "Now, come. Sit with me."

There was no denying her and so I sat on the swing beside her. For a long moment there was nothing but the whine of metal on metal but, as I opened my mouth to reiterate why I was here with her, she began her own tale.

I learned of the man who had come to us, her great grandson, and the greedy motivation he had behind his deed. I learned of that very man's father who died on the ocean in 2018. I learned of her son and her daughters, all of which had passed before 2020, all predating her.

"Then there was my husband. Oh, he was a fine man indeed. A soldier, you know." She thought for a second and looked sideways at me. "My great grandson over there looks an awful lot like him. Doesn't have half the sense." She winked at me then and I watched trails of tears come from her eyes. "As old as I am, as many lives as I've lived though... Is it selfish of me to want to continue to hold on?"

It was a question I had been asked time and again and each time I would spit out the same answer my mother had coached me on since I first mentioned it to her: "No, it's not selfish. Life is meant to be lived." This time, however, I deviated.

"Yes. It's very selfish." I watched the old woman recoil slightly, yet retain eye contact. "In your day, how many people would have lived to see their great grandchildren? How many people would have had such a fulfilling story as yours? You could fill books with your tales but you've wasted your life - and then some - trying to garner pity." I could hear myself becoming more angry and found it impossible to stop. "I don't pity you, ma'am, I *envy* you. So many today would envy the life you've led. You've had a family and friends and, though most of them had passed before the end of death, you've held all their precious memories with you. Isn't that something enviable?"

She blinked slowly at me - once, twice - before shaking off her stupor. Her eyes turned towards her great grandson and she let out a deep sigh. "I suppose you're correct... I am very selfish indeed."

"Ma'am--"

"No, no. I have been hoping that something would change. I have been hoping that the world would begin turning again. I wanted to see him have a young child of his own one day... but there is no hope left, is there? God no longer hears us..."

It was something my mother would whisper to herself now and again and it always startled me when I heard someone else mention it. "I don't know anything about gods and the like outside of the history my mother has taught me. What I do know is humans are remarkable things and any creator should be ashamed to turn their back on such strong creatures. A creator like that deserves a severe scolding."

The laughter that left the woman surprised me but when I started to ask, she held out her hand.

"Let me be the one to do it," she whispered, still fighting tears. "I want to be the one to tell Him about His injustice to His creations."

I met her gaze steadily for a moment before nodding. "With haste, Abigail." My fingertips touched her palm first and then we were sitting there, hands clenched together. "...Does it hurt?"

"Hm...? No, dear. No, it's... warm. Like falling asleep."

"Good." More silence. "Abigail? I'm sorry for being so mean." It wasn't like me to unleash my feelings on someone I was supposed to help. My mother had taught me to make it as calm and easy as possible.

There was no response from the old lady and, when I peeked, she was slumped over and not breathing, her small smile still in place. I removed my hand from hers and crouched down in front of her, burning her face into my memory.

I will never forget those that I've brought death to. I will never let myself forget.

***Edit: Goodness, this really exploded! Thanks to everyone who enjoyed it and upvoted/commented! I'm really honored you liked it!