   'And five...four...three...two...one...death' I thought to myself as I came to same end I always do.
   Waking up as my younger self again, each time I live pretty much the same life, make the same choices, marry the same love of my existence. Eh, every now and then I'll choose a different career, but it never makes a drastic difference, still get the same house, same town, same disappointed parents, and five, four, three, two, one, repeat.
   The death is always the same as well, just narrowly missing catching my wife jumping and plummeting down with her. The first few times I would always try to embrace her, or push her further away in hopes that she would live, heh have to admit I tried pushing myself away once or twice as well, but we both always meet with the same fate.
   Sure there was the one time I just chose to not try to save her, let's just say I didn't last long without her, I truly do love her and couldn't fathom my existence without her by my side. I mean, it's not like we haven't been together my entire life. The dating phase is always my favorite part about her, I love using her own lines from my previous life against her just to watch her scramble to think of something else to say so I can use it the next time! Five, four, three, two, one, ploosh pieces of me everywhere, seagulls will eat good tomorrow.

   That is if there is a tomorrow, as my tomorrow becomes yesterday just as my future becomes today and so on and so fourth. Except wait, who is this? He doesn't belong here, he's never been here any other time. How, what? How can someone just inject themselves into this cycle. His eyes, they're filled with fire and passion, who is he? How did he get here? Wait, no, no this isn't right, stop flirting with her. Get away from her! Who are you, what are you doing here?!
    Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, how did this happen, they're engaged. I could just kill him, no I can't that isn't like me. But, even if I do, I can just reset this and hope he won't be there, he never was there before, maybe this is a fluke-No, I can't, that just isn't me. But then, all of these years, nothing has worked, I've just managed to push her further away from me and into his arms, this isn't right, this isn't what's supposed to happen. Who is he?!
 
   They're married and have children now, we never were able to have children, that's always what lead to our ending together. But he, somehow he has made her happier than I ever have. How did he get here, I guess, I guess it doesn't matter anymore. He is able to make her happier than I was ever capable of, her misery all of these years has always been my fault, I'm the cause of all of her sadness that ever has been, and ever will be. I want to be stronger than this, I want to be better than this, but I just can't handle this anymore, for the first time I find myself at the cliff, turning around no one is there running to stop me, like I was every other time for her, there is no one but me. Five, four, three, two, one, splash!

   I survived? But, I've tried many times before and it was never possible! Why now, why the one time I want to actually end it, does it not work?! Is this some cruel trick being played on me by the gods, that they would send him here, show me that I'm the cause of the all the pain and misery in my loves live all of these years, and then not let me end it and try again?! What have I done to anger them? I've attended all of the festivals each year, I've made all of the proper donations and homages requested of me, is my life some kind of game for them?

   Years passed, many attempts to end this have all ended in failure, I've fallen into a deep psychosis, she has grown up and lived her life so happily and full of bliss, and yet I've lived the opposite. Whomever he is, however he got here, I'm finally glad he came, I'm finally glad to see that she was able to live the life she deserved.
      Looks like the neighboring fiefdom has finally come to lay claim to this land, and that is where my body shall fall, in defense of our town. Five, four, three, two-stab.

  Is he here this time? Wait, where am I? This isn't my town, this isn't my parents farm? Everything looks so white, and solid. There's a note sitting on this table next to my bed: "You have finally learned what true self sacrifice is and how to have real joy for others, even when they have what you most desire. It took you a total of 1,551 years to learn this lesson. We now return you to the normal timeline for your next trial, welcome to the year 2013."


---------------------------------------------
Er, yeah very first time posting on this, I hope I didn't go overboard, or that it's as decent as I hope it is, I didn't go back to proofread it, though I probably should, but it's late and I have work in the morning!