This can't be happening.

"You did this to me, Peter" it speaks.  
*No! You're wrong!*  
"Why?"  
*This isn't real!*  
"Why, Peter!?"  
"YOU'RE WRONG!" I shout.

I'm panting. Sweat begins to drip from my forehead. The shaking won't stop.

"I never did anything to you!" I shout again.  
"Why couldn't you just care for me?" it asks.  
"That's all I ever did!" I scream.  
"No, you didn't. Think, for once in your life think about yourself and look back" he demands.

I pause. Everything is quiet again. It hurts. I can't hear anything but my racing heartbeat, and paniced breath. Everything flooding through my head. The good, the bad, the laughing, the crying. Everything I had ever experienced in life, running through my head at the same time. Feelings conflicting with one another. A flood of emotion so strong, that it felt as if I was being torn apart.

Then it all began to calm, like an ocean's waves as the winds leave. Things began to come clearer, and I began to think. I only began to start thinking about myself.

I remember sitting in the corner of my apartment, crying. The lights were all off, except for the glow emitting from my constantly vibrating phone. 6 missed calls, 18 messages. Alicia.

There's a bang at my door. Screaming for me to open up. I can hear the desperation in her voice. She continues to scream, begging me to open the door, asking if everything was alright.

I awake to a crying woman. Blonde, holding me. She cared. I didn't. I wanted to be alone, left in the dark where I belonged.

I'm now sitting in my office at work, staring at my top draw, open. A box sits there, positioned perfectly, inside sits a revolver with a single bullet. My escape. The full bottle of Scotch Whiskey next to it is my reason.

I flash to screaming. It's her. She's crying, but angry. I can't look her in the eye. I can make out some words this time like "leaving" and "chained down". It was the breakup. This was the day I lost her.

I'm in the corner again, crying. It hurts to move. It hurts so much to breath. This time there's blood, but only a small amount. My knuckles are broken. Bruising, bleeding, torn to pieces. The fragments of brick still embeded into the skin. My wall won again.

I'm in my office again. I can barely move my hands due to the bandaging I did. People walk past my office looking at me, frightened and concerned. I turn to my open draw, and see the box and bottle again.

Everything goes dark. I can't see anything. I hear a slight buzzing noise, getting louder and louder. It's my phone. I'm awake again. 3 missed calls, 9 messages. Alicia. I remember one clearly, one that I chose to reply to. "I still love you! I miss you! I was wrong! I wasn't there to help you when you needed me the most!" it reads. I remember my reply, as I fall back into darkness.

"*I know. But that all ends tonight, don't worry*"

I'm back in the corner, this time with an empty box, and an empty bottle of Scotch Whiskey. I felt sober, yet I wasn't. I look around my empty apartment. I spot the letter I left.

*As I escape from my darkness, I ask you this question; Is this the happiness that I always chased?*

I remember the click of the hammer, that's all I remember. But I can see what followed. My door is being kicked, punched, rammed. Screaming coming from the other side from more then one person. I watch my door burst open as one police officer falls through it. Both rush in, guns drawn. I watch as they lower their guns and holster them, as one tries his hardest to hold back his tears.

One officer turns back to the door, and I see his lips move but hear nothing. He removes his hat, and I see Alicia standing in the doorway, collapse as she screams in pure terror and sadness. Distraught. She's incosolable.

Everything pauses for a moment, and before I realize what's happening, I'm at Alicia's Parents house. She sits on the couch, crying with her mother and father in her room. This wasn't after, but before.

"He came to see me, Alicia. Peter did" her father says.

She slowly stops crying, begins to whipe her tears and turns to him.

"He asked for my permission." He looks down, disappointed in himself.  
"P-Peter did?" Alicia's voice still trembling.  
"Yeah. He even showed me the ring. He did a ridiculous amount of overtime to pay for it, to make sure it was perfect for you. I couldn't deny him. He truely loved you." He begins to cry.  
"The reason he felt so distant was because of what he was doing. He wasn't distancing himself because he wanted to" her mother holds her daughter tightly as her eyes opened up wide, as if everything begant to piece together.  
"And I left him... Because I felt like he didn't want to be with me..." Alicia began to shake.

Her mother hands her her phone and her keys.

"I think you need to go back over there" she says. Alicia nods her head, as she rips the keys and phone out of her hands and sprints for the door.

Everything goes dark again, but now I hear her voice, as it echos in my head.

"*Hey this is Pete! Be sure to leave your number so I can call you back!*"  
"I'm sorry, Peter! Please! Please answer your phone! I was selfish because I thought you didn't want to be with me! Please answer your phone!"

"*Hey this is Pete! Be sure to leave your number so I can call you back!*"  
"Peter! Please! I'm sorry! I knew your depression was hard to deal with! Don't do this! Please! I'm sorry! I still love you! I just didn't want to put the burden of breaking up with me on to you! Please answer your phone!"

"*Hey this is Pete! Be sure to leave your number so I can call you back!*"  
"Peter! Don't so it! Daniel just called me and told me he saw you left with the box and bottle! I know what's in that box! Don't do it Peter!"

"911 what's your emergency?"  
"Suspected suicide, victim possibly intoxicated! 28 year old male in his own apartment!"  
"Are you sure Ma'am? Are you certain that this could be a suspected Suicide?"  
"The man's name is Peter Sanford! He has a registered firearm! He was seen leaving his office with it's case! He's also a clinically diagnosed sufferer of depression! Please! Help him!"  
"We have a Mr. Sanford registered at apartment 115 We-"  
"That's him! I'm his ex-girlfriend Alicia! Please! Send a car a.s.a.p! Something is wrong!"  
"Ma'am I have you moving at 60mp/h at approximately 3 miles from the target. You will meet the car there. Please stay on the phone with me until the officers arrive"  

A deep voice of a male.

"Ma'am what floor?"  
"5th floor! Take a left, 7th door on the right, number 115!"  

They get to the floor and hear a single gunshot. Suddenly they're running, and shouting. Alicia stood in the hallway, frozen.

"Sir, open up! This is NYPD!"  
"No answer, kick the door down" says the other as he starts to kick the handle at the lock.

The darkness fades away, and I'm back to Alicia. She's collapsed on the ground, screaming and crying. I scarred the woman I love for life.

"No. I never did, did I?" I say to myself. "I was so concerned with her, that I didn't take time to care for myself. I let my emotions eat at me, until I was nothing but a shell. I cared so much about the other people around me, I didn't take a moment to think about what I was doing to myself." I look down in disgust.

"Correct. You never cared for yourself. All you did was hurt yourself, out of anger, or sadness" he replies.

I'm starting to cry. I can feel the pain in my chest from the sadness that has built up. I keel over in pain and scream in anger, much to the same as Alicia did when she arrived at my apartment.

"Now you can feel the pain of losing the one person that matters the most in this world. The feeling of losing yourself"