"What the fuck, where's the profit in paying advertisers, stores, actors and some of my relatives to make me stop smoking?"


"Obviously there's not any profit there."


"Then why spend all that money on advertising just for one fucking guy who is not important to anyone, like, the world's not going to feel worse if a 54 years old accountant lives 4 years less, i mean, it's like 4 cigarettes a day, these potheads are damaging their lungs way worse, what's wrong with them, why do they do this to me, all this fucking advertising is making me self conscious about myself, look at me, on that pamphlet, i look so sad, it's like they want me to get anxious, then start smoking even more and then i will just die of lung cancer... I... Damn it what do they want from me..."

"you really don't see it?"

"what?"

"dude..."

"what?"


"You just..."

"oh..."

"Yep."

"I can't believe it..."

"it's pretty obvious..."

"it's smoking companies..."

"Of course it's them..."

"They want to make people smoke again...

"And..."

"Shut up I am thinking. They know other people will not smoke again, so all they can do is make me smoke more."

"Don't be ridiculous, 50 000 smoke manufacturers can't live on one slow thinking accountant"


"Then what's happening?"


"Obviously they know that, by paying the government to force you to stop smoking with ads, people will start to realize how the government is actually a tyrannic one-man organization that's corrupted enough to  force their values on others even at cost of some thousand millions dollar, but obviously most people will do nothing... But, they know that if you stay strong and don't quit smoking, those kids from the Politically Correct movement will get exited and start correlating the freedom to live like you want with smoking, so, PC kids will start protesting to make America realize that smoking is what helped our fathers to build this nation , then they'll start discussing about whether or not is it sexist to call them "fathers" and not "progenitors" even though no woman made part of the declaration of independence but anyways... too long didn't listen:  Manufacturers want college kids to smoke again, so they are using you as some sort of revolutionary precursor to make the movement start moving and you're going to be the on-"

"Oh my god this is too much ma-

DOES SOMEONE HERE HAVE A CIGARETTE!?"
