They say that at least once in your lifetime, it’s healthy to be in serious danger and survive. Mine has not been an easy life filled with clear skies and calm seas, I’ve really lived.

One could conceivably say with utmost certainty that I have, for much of my adult life, been a cautious man. Adventure was never a word I thought of, much less uttered, on a regular basis. 
But oh, how I’ve lived these past 15 years, my timidity greatly diminished, and my confidence leonine.

Leonine, a fitting word considering how I manage to continue to live such a life.
On a bright October morning 15 years ago, a small electrical fire erupted in the walls of the seventh floor in the office building where I work. 
I worked on the ninth floor.
Within minutes, the fire spread to several upper and lower floors. In the smoke and confusion, I became greatly disoriented and couldn’t find the exit.
And then, from behind me, I heard a small meow. 
The kitten that stood stoically before me had white fur, with black patches on each of his feet. He wasn’t scared or afraid, he just looked at me, far more intently than most cats are wont to do. 
He darted off and I followed him, crawling on the floor. It was easy to spot his white fur in the smoke, he seemed to radiate a purity that pierced the haze. 
The cat led me to the exit, and through two more floors of fire and smoke.

I was, according to the fire chief, a walking miracle. With only a small third degree burn on my forearm, and some respiratory issues, I was indeed lucky to be alive.

Another instance occurred almost two years later on a group camping trip. I became separated during a rafting expedition and was stuck in the woods of Oregon. I had no compass, no map, and my phone was back at the campsite. 
I began to follow the river, hoping that my group would have waited for me. But a mile away, the river forked, and I had to make a choice.
A rustling of leaves caught my attention as the white, black-stockinged cat, now a young adult, emerged from a hollow inside the trunk of a redwood tree.
Recognition, then memory of flames and acrid smoke.

This was the same cat. 

I didn’t know how I knew, but it was. The same cat, only two years older now.
I knelt to pet him and he came to me easily. With his attentive eyes he stared at the burn on my forearm, and licked the scar.
He remembered, just as I had.
He took a few steps back, licked his paws and preened himself, then darted into the river. 
I thought he was crazy, since of course, cats aren’t the biggest fans of water. 
The river was smooth, and not very swift. He seemed hell-bent on getting to the other side. 

So I followed.

Perhaps I was concerned that a big fish might attack him, or that he would lose his strength and drown. But I knew that he would never need that kind of saving.
We chose the fork to the left. He led me through the woods, back to the campsite.
The trip had taken a few hours and I was dehydrated. The river guide gave me water and told me how lucky I was. I turned to find the cat but he’d already scampered away.

Through 15 years of such last minute rescues, the cat has always appeared. And he’s always appeared older. During a climb that went wrong in Argentina he appeared with a fresh scar on his cheek. It was new to me and I wondered how he’d got it.
The cat has aged, just as I have, the cat has gained battle scars, just as I have.
Our interactions have never been more than perfunctory, and he was never my pet.

Now, on this flight home from my niece’s house in Michigan, he has reappeared again.

Time had been both kind and cruel to him, he seemed in healthy enough shape, but he was missing an eye, he had a small gouge in his left ear, and part of his tail appeared to be missing. 
No sooner had he popped out of the overhead compartment that the plane began to rock back and forth. The cat darted down the aisle and began scratching at a door at the back. The plane was small, only about 30 passengers or so, a pond-skipper. The confusion and panic amid the passengers was immediate, this was not just turbulence.

I opened the door the cat had been scratching at and saw four backpacks.
As I held fast to the door frame, there was a loud ripping and twisting of steel and aluminum, the rush of air took the breath out of me. A wing had ripped off the plane and the sudden decompression tore passengers from their seats and sent them flailing helplessly to their deaths. The plane began to spiral violently, passengers screamed, the intercom blared but my mind went numb. 

Somehow, the cat had gotten his claws into one of the backpacks. The plane was plummeting like a meteor, and somehow, some way, amid total panic, I grasped the bag. I put my arms and legs through the loops and reached for the cat. He leaped towards me and I let the outrushing of air from the plane pull me out through the giant rip in the fuselage.
I pulled the cord and the chute deployed perfectly. I cradled the cat in my arms as we descended, softly whispering “It’s okay, it’s okay.”
He nuzzled into me and I realized he was shaking.
And it finally occurred to me what all the close calls and narrow misses we’d had over the years were doing to this poor animal.
I had never seen the cat afraid before, he was always the brave one, the leader. But now, in my arms, he was shaking like a leaf, looking up at me with that otherworldly intensity as if to say “Please, don’t drop me.”

A loud boom erupted below as the plane crashed into the ground, sending thousands of white hot metal shards spraying in every direction and scorching the landscape with blazing jet fuel.
All those people, gone in an instant.
I wept silently as we drifted earthward.

We landed in the treetops of the forest less than a mile away from the wreckage. The cat clung to me as I disentangled myself from the harness and began to climb down. Once on the ground he leapt from my arms. With his footing firm once more he seemed to regain a glimmer of the confidence he’d had as a youngster, but in his one good eye he gave me a tired look. I bent to pet him but he was off in a flash of white fur.
“Wait!” I said, hoping to bring him back with me.
But the cat was gone.

Hours later, helicopters arrived at the crash site to see if there were survivors, and I was pulled aboard with a rescue ladder. I’ll remember the look of total incredulity on the pilots face when we shook hands until the day I die, as well as the words he uttered: “How in the hell?”

Over the years I’d never spoken a word of the true cause of all my miraculous escapes and unimaginable adventures, I knew that I’d never be believed.

I was wrapped in a heavy wool blanket and given an IV by the rescue medics. As we flew off I looked out over the mountains, wondering how many more escapes that cat had left in him. He was old after all, and not as spry as he used to be. I worried about him, because I knew that one day—and it would be soon—the cat wouldn’t be there. I wondered how many others like me he’d rescued from the brink of starvation, how many wild animals he’d fought off, how many more wounds he would suffer, and I mourned the toll it was taking on his mind and body.

I don’t know when I’ll see him again, I don’t know IF I’ll see him again. All I know is that this tiny, fragile animal saved me from impossibly dire situations over the course of 15 long years, and as the sun set over the trees, in the moderate comfort of the helicopter I quietly said “How much more can you give?”
“What was that?” The Pilot squawked over the headset.
“I’m glad I got to live.” I said.
