People usually wish for a common power, such as flying or bending the elements. My mom got to bend fire and my dad got a sword effective against the elements. Doubt they care if one could beat the other in a fight, but they were really curious about what I would get. I have 2 friends both of whom are over 18. One got bullet time and the other can read minds. Pretty sure Robert took a vow at the temple to not use his power for trivial things.

For me, I was just sitting patiently in my apartment, wondering what it could be. Everyone else got their “thing” from waking up with it. My dad just found his sword under his pillow. Everyone else just did it suddenly. I woke up today without any powers and no new weapons. I didn’t tell anyone yet, they probably think I’m messing around with whatever I had gotten. For hours I wither searched my apartment or tried to cast a spell or something. My mom told me yesterday that I was born at 8:32 pm, so I waited for something to happen. As 8:32 pm exactly, I heard a knocking at my door. 

I opened that door to find a man in a suit. He looked normal and fit, but something was off.

I asked, “Can I help you?”

The man said, “Is it same to presume you’re 18-year-old Michael Mortem?”

“Yes?”

“Good, I’m here for your birthday gift.”

I stammered, confused on why he would have it. I stuttered as I said, “Uh, yes please come in.”

“Thank you.” 

He gently sat down on one used chairs. I sat on the couch in front of him.

“So how do you know about my birthday?” I asked, wondering if letting him in was a big mistake.

“Because you get to replace me, and I have to make sure you can manage until then.”

“Replace you?”

“Yes, after serving my time, I have to search for a replacement so I can retire.

“And whatever your doing is related to my power?”

“If you want. This is a big responsibility, so I can’t blame you for saying no. But I don’t know what you would get if you do reject my offer. You have what I consider to be best for this job”

I was bewildered by what he was saying. How could he somehow give me what everyone else got naturally? 

He looked over and said, “I would probably be better to show you”

He got up and pulled out a black rod. It soon grew to become a scythe. I got up, afraid on what he’ll do next. He smiled and placed it on the table. The scythe then began to glow a dark aura. 

The man then gleefully said, “Michael, you get to become Death.”