Dave reached the top shelf and groped around.

"Have you found them yet?" Olga asked.

"Be patient! It's been thousands of earth years, what's a few more minutes?" Dave snapped.

"Good point." Graham chipped in with his typical laid back whisper.

Dave's hand, if you could call it a hand, as it was more of a manifestation of earthly belief that could be moulded into whatever Dave wanted it to be, brushed against something smooth and cold.

"I've got it!" Dave shouted.

The three godly entities simultaneously raised what became their arms in cheers of victory. However, this threw them off balance, and they tumbled backwards, landing somewhere near where Jupiter would have been, if they were on the same plane of existence.

The cosmic kitchen shelf wobbled ominously but didn't fall. The three beings huddled around their prize.

"Thousands of years cultivating countless religions, whispering to prophets and recommending the genocide of civilisations, all for this." Graham said with awe and, for the first time, a slightly ruffled demeanour.

"Don't be so dramatic, Graham. And, don't forget, it's about to be worth it." Olga admonished.

"Ohhh, yes. Soo very worth it. I can taste them already." Dave said through a mouthful of manifested saliva.

"I wonder if we would have gone to all the trouble of cultivating such belief in ourselves amongst the earth people if we'd simply been tall enough to reach that shelf in the first place." Graham pondered aloud.

"If mum didn't want us exploiting her creations, she shouldn't have left these out of our reach." Dave complained.

"How long has she been gone by the way?" Olga asked, distracted from the task at hand.

"Well, she was here for a week, making the earth and its little people, then she went out for some furniture polish and she hasn't come back yet. That was....gotta be a few thousand years now. Maybe a few million. I don't really measure time in earth terms anymore, it feels so clunky." Graham calculated.

"Who cares! Let's open these up and munch down!" Dave shrieked excitedly.

The jar of pickles was quickly consumed by the three beings. And the pickles were indeed good. The brine contained bits of manifested garlic, chilli, and those little mustard seeds. Worth it? Perhaps.