"You can't be serious."

"Unfortunately, I am entirely sincere, Councilor. The humans are alive."

Councilor Grathok rubs at one of his brows with a muscular tentacle. "But...we gave them nuclear tech, no? During a Global Engagement?"

"Exactly as ordered, sir." The Assistant to the Council of Advancement is supoosed to be a prestigious position, and largely stress free. Engineer a war here, release a bioengineered superweapon there, stay out of sight, and record. But humans.....

"And they used it, no? I know that I saw a reading indicating..." the Councilor trails off, swiping through his screen and shaking his head. "Yes, here. Twice, in fact, days apart."

I nod slowly, eyes slipping closed. "They did indeed, but they...altered the plans we gave them."

"WHAT?!" the Councilor roars, slamming all twelve of his tentacles against the forcefield suspending his sphere of liquid ammonia in the center of the room. "For the love of...they hadn't even perfected the internal combustion engine! How did they alter our plans and still produce a viable weapon?"

"I can not answer that for you, sir. But instead of a cascading response, they managed to create a localized explosive."

Grathok grumbles something unsavory in his native tongue, something he only does when deeply unsettled. "Okay, alright. So, following that debacle, you must've sent a clean up crew in, to begin Core Destabilization. What happened to them?"

I blow a large sigh through my upper mouth at the same time the lower begins running without my brain behind it - "A solar flare, Councilor, absolutely massive. Fried systems before it could enter Sol 3's magnetosphere, and the ship crashed, in one of the emerging superpower's less populated provinces. All hands lost, sir."

A deep, ferociously angry basso growl rumbles forth, powerful enough to make the entire ammonia sphere vibrate. "So now they have controlled nuclear weaponry, AND SLIPSPACE DRIVE TECHNOLOGY!" 

It was not a question, but an accusation. "Y-yes, sir. But there is good news!"

"Nothing about this species can be good," the Councilor grumbles, but still twirls one tentacle in the apparently universal *go on* gesture. 

"Well, sir, civilians located the ship first." The Councilor groans and slaps four of his tentacles to his face, covering all his eyes. "However, the emerging superpower's government realized the uproar the discovery would cause, and very quickly covered the whole thing up."

The tentacles move away from his eyes. Grathok looks at his assistant quizzically. "So, they...they haven't utilized the technology from the ship?"

"No, sir. Well, not entirely, at least. They did apparently take some notes on aerodynamics, and in-atmo propulsion systems. But these were all things in their infancy on the planet already."

Councilor Grathok rubs at his sloping forehead with a pair of twined tentacles, less visibly angry, at least. "Have they left the planet yet?"

"No, sir, but there is....well, the people of the planet are calling it a *Space Race*, going on between the two dominant super powers."

Grathok nods, all eyes narrowing. "These humans have a chance yet." He swipes through a few screens on his terminal, pulling up comms. "Braltha? Good evening, ma'am, could you please connect me to Ambassador Dispatch please? Thank you." A pleasant little ditty from Rigel 9 plays over the speakers, turned morose and foreboding through the liquid. "Yeah, hello, this is Councilor Grathok. I need you to print Protocol Sanders onto biped template..." he grumbles, swiping through his screens once more. "Sorry, Dispatch; Protocol Sanders onto biped template two-four-oh-eight-nine. Yep. Yeah, once he's done, ship express to Sol 3, please."