The Sleep was supposed to be our Salvation. Overpopulation had touched every corner of the earth; famine and trash piles were simply a part of life now. 

Every evening, the AI News Channel would announce the Death Tally over the city’s PA system. A pleasant robotic voice would drift through the city:

‘Death Tally: 628,420.’
‘Death Tally: 1,462,515’
She sounded oddly chipper about the whole thing, really. I didn’t like her. 

The Global Protectorate had announced plans for The Sleep as a way to freeze time, basically. 

While we slept, the task of undoing our damage to the planet, creating and storing more efficient food supplies, and rebuilding infrastructure would fall to each city’s specifically programmed AI. When we awoke, the world would be clean and new, ready to sustain us all again. 

Honestly, given how desperate we were, they could have told us the AI would sit on its ass and twiddle its thumbs and we still would’ve gotten into the pods, just to escape our daily shitshow for 100 years. 

That brings us to now. Here we are, lined up on the platform, wearing the white jumpsuits assigned to us by the GP. Metal grating lays beneath our feet as rows of pods rise to meet their new inhabitants. 

Children clutch their favorite stuffed animals, parents sing them soft lullabies and help them into their pods. 

I help my Emily into her chamber. Her eyes wide and somber, she’s quiet as I tuck her in. The noise of the Sleeping Arena fades away as she looks at me. 

“Mommy?”

“Yes, Love?”

Her voice shakes just a little as a fat tear threatens to free itself from the corner of her eye. “What if you’re not there when I wake up?”

“Now, why wouldn’t I be there? My pod is right here, right next yours.” I pat the white metal and glass tube to my left. “We’ll be neighbors, you and me. C’mon now, it’s almost my turn. Be brave just for one minute and then you’ll have the most beautiful dreams. I love you, Monkey.”

“I love you too, Mommy”

“ALL PARENTS AND GUARDIANS MUST ENTER THEIR PODS IMMEDIATELY. REPEAT: ALL PARENTS AND GUARDIANS MUST ENTER THEIR PODS IMMEDIATELY.”

“That’s my cue, Monkey” I snuggle Emily for a quick second and close her door before she can see me wipe away the tears. 

Once I’m settled inside my own chamber, I allow myself to look over. The lights in her pod have dimmed, but I can see her tiny frame, still clutching her stuffed mermaid. Her eyes are closed. 

As my own lights dim, the weirdly pleasant AI voice chirps in my pod. (God, not her again!) 

“Hello! Hibernation will commence in 3...2...1. Pleasant dreams!”

I watch the pods around me dim one by one and realize I’m holding my breath. I exhale. 

“Calm the fuck down, Nicki. It’s just a long nap” I chide myself. 

Except...my lights never go off. The door is locked, the creepy voice has fallen silent and my pod is slowly being carted to storage, but I’m still awake!

What the fuck...? No. No no no! I realize what’s happening. I’m in a faulty device and nobody knows I’m awake! I begin to pound on the glass of the door, screaming. 
“I’m awake! Help! Help me, for fuck’s sake! SOMEONE HELP!” 

Panic hits me so hard I want to vomit, but I choke it back and scramble my hands desperately along the interior. 

Thank God, the emergency release! I yank on it hard enough to be rewarded with a long gash on my finger from a part of the handle that wasn’t smoothed properly. But the door stays shut. 

Looking around wildly, I see there are several other pods whose lights are still on. One man in particular stands out to me- both our hands on our windows, we lock eyes and I can see that he, too, is crying. 

Suddenly, the door to what was about to be my casket groans as someone outside attacks it with a pry bar. They’re crouched below the window and all I can see is a black cap. 

“HELP ME!” I scream so loudly I fear my throat will tear itself. 

“Shut UP!” hisses the voice from the other side. “For fuck’s sake, calm down and stay quiet.” 

“Please help me” I whimper. “Please. Please please please.”

“What the fuck do you think I’m *doing*? Now *shut up*!” hisses the voice again. 

The door opens, protesting with groans and squeaks the entire time. Standing in front of me is a ghost from the past. Someone who should’ve been dead long ago: my old professor, Dr. Gregorov.

Tumbling out in a heap of sweat and tears, I start babbling as the adrenaline begins to subside in my bloodstream: “Oh my God, thank you! My pod—it’s broken, and there are others that are broken and, wait, how are you here? We have to help that man, the one right th-”

Crouching next to me, she cuts me off. “That was no fucking accident. Listen, I’m sorry about your friend over there, but he’s already on the conveyor to long term storage. That’s a whole different level of fucked. It’s a miracle I got to you before you were there, too. Right now, we’ve gotta move.”

But...what about Emily? And the man in the window? 

My hesitation must’ve been written across my face, because she adopts a sweet, gentle tone; the kind you speak to a scared child with.

“Nicki, honey, Emily is fine. She’s safe. She’s asleep. You and me? We’re the ones in trouble here. I promise you’ll come back to her. But right now, *move your ass*.” 

On shaky legs I follow her, watching as the light from the pod of the man in the window disappears into long term storage. 

