As my Professor hooked up our class to the Job Simulator VR 3.0, I knew I was prepared for what would come. It was a day we were all preparing for, to really see where our major would take us in the world. 

"Don't worry about it Charlotte," Professor Sharp said, "I know you'll do the best that you can." Instilled with the approval of my Professor, I put on the helmet, connected the neurolink and off I went into the simulation. 

When the simulation loaded, I found myself in a private office overlooking the hills of California. I was dressed business casual and in front of me were two large computer monitors, one with a lengthy piece of Python code, the other an internet browser with multiple tabs of Stack Overflow, Github, and Reddit. I was confused because as a Woman's Studies major I thought that, well...I wasn't actually sure what I thought I would be loaded into. I always pictured myself as becoming a paragon for the women's rights movement. During my Freshman year of college, when I chose the Woman's Studies major, I always fantasized about standing at the podium, preaching to my fellow sisters and all human beings that we as women have intrinsic value, then we should be respected and treated as equals, and that we are more than just our looks. As the monologue rang through my head again, I realized that that was an overwhelmingly obvious sentiment. But I was still trying to piece together why I was loaded into an office with code on my screen and a Google Chrome browser full of how to integrate my function with multiple parallel arrays properly. 

As I was engrossed in my inner dialogue, a woman came into my office. The simulation placed it into my awareness that her name was Julia. "What's up Julia?" I asked, hoping she would explain what the hell I was supposed to do in a subtle way. "Hey boss, I just wanted to update you on how the company has been this past quarter. Codetopia seems to be in full swing. You were right about selecting women as the demographic to focus on. Of all the people subscribing to the website, we have a 4:1 ratio of women to men applying to learn multiple programming language. Many went straight from the free lessons to the paid subscription service for more advanced lessons. Looks like we'll be seeing quite a few more gals in Silicon Valley!"

"That's good..." I said, "thank you Julia." I was still trying to understand how this fit into premise of the simulation; what was I supposed to learn? Was I supposed to provide Julia with comfort? Was I supposed to ask if she felt empowered in her position and if none of the men were giving were sass? Was I supposed to write a PR memo for the company about our mission statement to empower women?

But then it started to click. Growing up in rural Utah, I always felt that the path for my life was already set for me before I had even begun asking such questions. Go to college, find a great guy, marry, be a stay at home mom, go to Church, and wait diligently for my knight in shining armor to come home to a beautiful made dinner just by me. By the time I got to college, the sentiment was enough to make me physically sick. I joined the Woman's Studies major because I thought that as a woman, I had the ability not just to pursue anything that a man wanted to do, but to have the choice to live my life the way I deemed correct, no matter the outside influence. In those Women's Studies classes, I learned a lot of sociology and philosophy and I especially loved Simone de Beauvoir. "One is not born, but becomes a woman" as she said, and those words echoed through my mind. 

I realized now why the simulation brought me to where I was. See, although my Woman's Studies major gave me space to vent my frustrations with society's idea of women, I also realized that simply complaining about my lot in life wouldn't give me the life I argued about constantly. While many of the gals in my class went on to fume on social media for hours about every single comment they saw that even remotely attacked women, I took a different route. I knew that many jobs in the Stem field were looking for people - hell there were more jobs in that world than people to fill them, and it paid amazingly. And most people in my family and hometown thought being a programmer was a dumb profession, especially for a woman. I knew that the only way to show that women were just as capable of hard, determined work and individuality was to embody it. And so, my computer science minor, something I was taking as a side interest, made a lot more sense. Professor Sharp programmed the simulation with this very idea in mind. 

I started Codetopia, a programming education system marketed towards women who wanted to be able to learn a competitive skill, make a very competitive salary, and carve out a life path of their choosing, not tied down to anyone's paycheck but their own. I walked back to my desk, happy that I passed the simulation's test - I understood what the Women's Studies major was preparing me for, and it was not what I thought. I could've paid attention attention to so many different things in that simulation - the wage difference, Julia's terrible dating life and the evils of men, but I understood what the simulation was trying to show me. 

And they said the Women's Studies major was useless!