"I'm not going to die, am I?" they asked. The Doctor shook his head as if to say, "No, you're not going to die, but you're going to live a very painful existence that would make you wish to die if you had the choice. And in fact, you will die, but only for about a second. Then, I resurrect you, and voila, you're back in your body. Except it's now dead."

The patient nodded. The needle was jabbed and the plunger was pressed. Death came and death left. Now a zombie was made and the Doctor was put to task. 

"Okay, lift your left arm." The Zombie lifted it's left arm.

"Okay, now your right." It did so.

"Okay, now stand up." And the Zombie stood up.

"How do you feel?"

"I feel like I'm a fucking zombie," the patient replied.

"Good, that's how you should feel," the Doctor told them.

The Zombie walked over to the sink. It began washing it's hands. "They feel dirty," it explained.

The Doctor nodded. "As they should. Dead things are dirty."

The Zombie walked to the window and shut it. "I feel cold," it explained.

The Doctor nodded. "As you should. Dead things are cold."

The Zombie faced the Doctor. "I feel like this is the setup for some kind of punchline," the Zombie intoned, very reasonably.

The Doctor responded, "And I should think so. But unfortunately, this is your life now."

The Zombie began to cry. This was normal.

The Doctor allowed the Zombie to cry for some time, but before long his secretary told him, through a complicated series of semaphore signals and facial expressions, that another patient was waiting to come in.

"Now, now, it's not all that bad. At least you don't have the measles anymore, do you?" the Doctor cooed, placing one arm over the shoulder of the Zombie, the other pushing open the door.

"That'll just be 25 silver, payable at the front desk on your way out." The Doctor added, guiding the weeping Zombie towards the end of the clinic's hallway.

"If you have any issues, please feel free to let us know." The Doctor continued, holding open the door to the lobby. The Zombie passed through wordlessly. 

After the Zombie left, and the Doctor had some time to reflect upon his life, he began to wonder. 

What is the point of it all, healing these people by making them dead? 

And why am I, the Doctor, the only one who doesn't have to be dead to live? Could a Zombie, who is also a necromancer, also do my job just as well, and additionally, couldn't they do it for eternity? What makes me so special? What gives me the right to stab these people with needles and make them better?

The Doctor was swept up by these ideas, questioning his life and his place in the grand scheme of the universe.

Then the bell rang, and his next patient joined him. "Oh, right..." the Doctor thought. "I have to pay the bills," and he prepared another needle.
