People don't understand power, the Magicks especially. These are the old powers of creation, passed down through ancient family lines.  Like any power, they can be used for the good and for the bad.

Power like this grows inside you.  It wants to get out into the world.  It needs to be used.  It can't be suppressed or bottled up or it will come out uncontrolled, typically causing death and destruction, both to the holder of the power, and anyone around them.

The Magicks Act of '67 outlawed people using powers.  Lawmakers!  Sheesh.  Trying to control things they know nothing about.  I understood their reasoning, though -- there were many of us who were bent on domination, using their powers to corrupt, maim, torture...  So the Magicks were banned, and their use punishable by death.  Many of us perished, no matter what we used our powers for.  So we hid.

Some chose risky ventures, becoming nurses and doctors, and channelling their Magicks into healing the sick.  Human life uses a lot of power, so they are less prone to build ups.  But they have to be really careful to not perform miracles.  I've known at least one doctor who was 'put down' for curing a broken arm too quickly.

I chose a simple life, a gardener, tending to orchards, forests, and the occasional garden.  This gave me an outlet for my abilities, stopped it building up inside me.  But it only took a small amount of power to give a flower to boost into blooming, or to heal an ailing tree.  That why I needed orchards and forests of trees.

I've been maintaining the forests of Llogorna and Bfestan for many years.  Both are old forests -- you can tell by the trees.  I never knew, though, that Bfestan was an Ancient forest.

Last April I was walking there.  There was a light shower, and Spring was in the air.  Spring is a hard time to use power, as everything is waking up from the Winter slumber, fresh and new.  Winter can take its toll on a forest like this, so I was able to put my Magicks to use more easily.  But Spring is always hard.

Deep in the forest there's a thicket of old oaks, always looking sickly.  I've used these to absorb some power each Spring.  Being old and big they can take a bit more than other trees.

This time, however, when I got there the trees looked healthier than I had ever seen them.  Branches that were once broken seemed mended, splits in the bark were closed.  I went closer to take a better look.

I remember a sharp pain at the back of my head.

I awoke to find myself trapped on the mossy forest floor, being held down by roots.  The oaks towering above me, somehow now looking more menacing.  Were they looking at me?

Another sharp pain.

I awoke again.  There was no rain.  The sun was shining through the branches.  It was a morning sun -- I had been out for the whole night.  Another sharp pain.

I awoke.  And another sharp pain.  And another.  I don't know how long I was there.

And the power was building this whole time.  I hadn't used any up...

And then it happened -- the power burst from me.  The pain was excruciating as all of this Magic leapt from my body.  I closed my eyes, expecting to die.

And then I awoke again, surprise that no only was I still alive but appeared to be all in one piece.  I was still lying, unheld, on the forest floor, in a clearing that I didn't recognise, at least at first.  I got up, almost fell down again from weakness, dehydration.  I looked around.  I started to recognise some trees -- I did some work on that elm over the Winter.  And on that Chestnut tree...

The oaks were gone.  There was a trail leading through the forest from the clearing.

I followed the trail and made my way from the forest, and that's when I was found and arrested.

Your honour, I did not intentionally awaken that Treant.  I never knew he existed there.  Had I known, I would have used my power to destroy it, not heal it...

I plead not guilty.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;