I remember it so vividly. Running through the green stone maze, panic pumping through my blood. Gripped tightly in  my young hand was the hand of a girl, my age, with brilliant blue eyes that spoke of liberty and happiness. Alas, for me, they only spoke of sadness and fear. 
That day, the Warden was coming to punish her for her transgressions. She dared stand against the social order one too many times. Were she to be caught again, it would simply be the end of our world. In order to spare her the suffering and to save our world, we came into that emerald maze. For in the center was a chamber the Warden could never hope to enter: a sanctuary amongst the stone. There she would be interred to forever to wait for a freedom that may never come to her.
When we finally made it to that jade room, I was struck by the natural energy of the space. Light filtered in through branches of ancient trees that grew up and through the walls. A small spring ran through the ground, exiting mysteriously from the wall and pooling into a beautiful small pond with cattails and weeds growing around, and faintly heard were the sounds of frogs and bugs. It was a primal beauty not unlike the girl I was about to leave here. I even recall her last words to me.
"You need to go, young boy. The warden isn't likely to take notice of one like yourself. Live your life, be free of the pain the Warden has caused you through his actions to stop me. You need to go. NOW!"
And after that, I had awoken in my bed. I would be cursed know where that young girl was; How she was alone, not allowed to express that wild, primal, happy energy that life had given her. Incarcerated in that verdant tomb forever, prevented from escaping by the Warden.

That was twenty three years ago. I still play through these memories every day. I survived for those long years without her so that this day could eventually come. It was time for me to open that door, and free that woman, and allow her to finally live her life. In doing so, we would end this world once and for all; but in its place could grow something truly beautiful.

I took a deep breath, and opened the door to my parents' home. They were together on the couch watching the television.

"Mom? Dad? We need to talk…"
