My heart suddenly gives off an awful and painful sting like no other. I start to jolt out of my seat. My wife, Janess, suddenly attempts to reach for me and call 9-1-1, but its too late, I start seeing tunnel vision. I slowly head for the light, but a strange figure grabs my arm and pulls me away right before reaching it. The next thing I knew, I was back in an oh-so familiar playground. I was much shorter than usual and I could see children all around me with a teacher sitting idly by. A bell rings around the corner of the playground and all the children all start to head back into the blue building nearby. It was only a matter of time before I started recognizing faces on my left and right. Johnny, Albert, the Jentra twins. I began to suddenly realize I wasn't the same old me, but I was back in my old kindergarten class and I was back to the ripe age of 5.

I start searching, looking around for her... Janess. Me and her meet around middle school in the 7th grade and we were close ever since. We would always hangout with one another and others would ask us if we were dating, but we gave the usual response.

"No." I always so sternly stated to the face of the person. I always felt a bit embarrassed as I didn't quite have a grasp of the emotion "love."

Whenever I said no, I noticed she would always shy away from the question with embarrassment written all over her normally bright smile. It was barely noticeable, but I could always see it in the corner of my eye. I thought she just felt the same way I did when we were questioned, but was more shy to say it with me.

We did this until one day in our sophomore year of high school. One of the teachers said we would seem like the perfect couple, but I shrugged it off as per usual. Janess wasn't up for it this time, she dragged me out of the classroom and hugged me tightly. With tears in her eyes, she said these words to me.

"Why do you always say it so confidently, like a badge of honor or something stupid like that. It hurts when you say it. I can't help but feeling this way. You're always there for me and we never had dull moments with one another."

"What... what are you-?"

"I... I love... I love you Lucas."

My heart suddenly jolted up and my chest started pounding. I had a sudden burst of adrenaline. I stood there in awe at the situation that was unfolding at the seams. I didn't know it was hurting her that much for all this time.

"For how long... have you...?"

"Ever since we first met. I loved how positive you always were and how you never seemed to give into the pressure. I was sitting alone with no one around, and you came in like a Messiah. I had just lost one of my best friends as she had to move away. I was feeling down and you came to cheer me up. I loved that you did that for me. You hung out with me everyday and we kept growing closer and closer. Each day passed by and I kept feeling more and more attached to you, but you never seemed to notice... Why?"

You see, I didn't really know I loved her until this moment.

A sharp pain on my left cheek. It turned red in the shape of a hand. A moment of silence passed by... then another. I had to say something, or it would all end in shambles.

"I'm sorry... I didn't even have the slightest clue you felt this way."

Tears started to stream down my own eyes as well. 

"So... how do you feel?"

I could tell she was really embarrassed, more than ever before. Her cheeks were so bright red that the sun could pale in comparison in my eyes. I decided to give her my answer.

"I didn't realize it until now, about why I would be so happy just around you. I thought it was just the feeling that I liked being around you like any other friend, but I never felt it as strongly around you than I did than any other of my friends in school. I'm sorry I didn't realize sooner, but... I love you too..."

I took her by the waist and leaned in towards her face. Our lips inching closer and closer until they finally made contact. My first kiss... no... our first kiss. A symbol of two people who loved each other mutually and by a great amount. From that moment onward we became a couple. We had our fair share of fights along the way, but never to the extent where we never wanted to let go of one another's heart.

Now enough of this flashback nonsense, if you could call it a flashback...

I continued on my way to searching for Janess through the crowd of students. I bumped into one of the older students and they began cussing me out. Then out of the corner of my eye, I saw her about to turn a corner through one of the doors to the other classrooms. The older students didn't let me through until they had their "fun".

I yell out through the hallway.

"JANESS!"

I put all of my tiny littler heart into this yell, desperate to get her to turn my way, but to no avail.

"You callin' your 'girlfriend' sissy boy?"

There it was again, it was the question that would hurt her so much before. This time, I gave a different answer than what was the norm.

"YA, SO WHAT. YOU GOT A PROBLEM YA ASSHAT?!"

Suddenly another girl from Janess' classroom bolt towards the both of them and pushes them both out of the way. She gives me a wink as the boys get back up and chase after her.

I put my hands together for a tad second in a sort of act for prayer and run to the front of my classroom. There stood Janess, with her now petite face and miniature body. She looked me in the eyes.

"What did you mean back there?"

I realize how foolish of a move that was saying that stuff back there. I didn't take into account the fact she could've heard all that.

"I... uhh... sorry."

I fled into my classroom, rushed to my desk, and put my head down as I was starting to comprehend what I just pulled off.

"What an idiot!" I thought to myself. I avoided her ever since. I decided it would be best not to interfere with her life until we had met originally like we first did. She tried to approach me a few time after that incident but I always managed to get away. She eventually stopped trying to confront me after about 2 weeks. I just hope she hates me for too long after this.

I carried on with life trying to hide my knowledge of a previous life. Even about the devastating attacks on the twin towers on what is now known as "9/11". Because I had already understood all the basics of all my classes, I excelled in every class. I always left the teachers astonished with my work, but I never cared too much about that.

I eventually reached that fateful day I had once before to meet that future love of my life. I saw her sitting on her chair in the classroom. I rush over to her and I patted her shoulder and said the same words I said once before.

"Hey, you alright. Here take this."

I hand her a silly drawing. Last time it was of a stupid monster I doodled during the class before, but this time it was of her with a big smile on her face with me. She looked up at me with the same exact smile, and I smiled right back.



Man, this is one of my first posts on writing and on Reddit in general, I had a lot of fun writing this. Although I might have some spelling and grammatical mistakes in this as I haven't ever got any serious criticism on any of my "stories". I keep to myself for the most part about them and just write them to entertain myself for the time being. Anyways, I'm rambling on. I want criticism on this and please help me to find and possibly fix any mistakes. Thanks!  :P

-B0BL0