The key to a successful business is happy customers. It's simple really: make a good product and don't piss off your customers and they'll do the advertising for you. The best product in the world will fail if it has a bad image. 

That's where my job comes in. Nabisco hired me to make sure Oreos stayed the family-friendly cookie that they've been for the past few decades. It started pretty normally, but I wanted to make absolutely sure that nothing spoiled our good name. 

It started with maintaining our social media accounts. Simple advertising evolved into resolving bad customer experiences. Resolving bad experiences evolved into preventing them from happening in the first place. I looked into every employee's background and then some. Multiple employees were let go before the police received anonymous, credible reports of hard evidence detailing a wide variety of crimes. I made damn sure that "Oreo" and "Pedophile" were never in the same headline. 

Then we ran the promotion. Some contest where the winner would receive a package of Oreos every month for the rest of their life. Super easy to enter, and all recipient names were hidden. That way "Hitler" wouldn't be receiving our endorsement anytime soon. Quick media buzz for a month or so, then a lifetime of word-of-mouth for one "lucky" individual. Also thrown into the deal was the ability to request any flavor you want, and even try our new flavors before the public does. What the general public doesn't know is that I get to decide who wins, and I'll make it whoever will give us the most long-term advertising use. 

I picked a young politician. He was full of hope, optimism, and most importantly charisma. His background was squeaky clean and he didn't seem likely to be corrupted by power or money. But I could use him.

Then 2020 hit and even I couldn't have predicted the massive Civil War that broke out. I don't know all the details, but the result was Nuclear warheads detonating within our border. Foreign powers were blamed and soon the entire world crumbled into chaos; minus one company that is. 

I made damn sure that I did my job. Our social media offered advice on how to stay safe in the post-apocalyptic world. Our factories were now shelters for the common folk. Our suppliers were unscathed by the war and now 100% dedicated to Nabisco. Most importantly, our products were still being consumed by the masses.

But what of the young politician? He continued to receive his package of cookies and creme every month on the dot. Tracking him was difficult, but it was all worth it in the end. He credited Oreo for giving him hope in this wasteland of our country. He made horrible cookie puns in his speech to rebuild America. He hired our staff to run his campaign in the settlements across America's ruins. He even handed out Oreos to cancer-ridden children on the verge of death. He was the first president to be unanimously elected to office. 

But most importantly of all, my boss gave me a 5% pay raise with a free package of Oreos. 