##Tʜᴇ Fʀᴇᴍᴏɴᴛ Pɪᴄᴀʏᴜɴᴇ  
██/██/20██, Breaking Edition  
  
---
  
#STATE GRINDS TO HALT AS CONTROVERSIAL ROAD SAFETY PROGRAM GOES UP IN FLAMES  
###*Countless Dead Or Injured Due To Law Called “F—ing Stupid” by USDOT Ex-Secretary. Hospitals, Fire Departments, And Infrastructure Overwhelmed*  
  
---  
  
FREMONT — Chaos erupted as the highly controversial “Speed Maintenance In Transport Environments” or SMITE Act went into effect in the state of ██████ today, originally meant as a test run prior to nationwide acceptance and enforcement. The SMITE Act is the first of the so-called “True Justice” laws introduced following the repeal of the 5th through 8th Amendments, which guaranteed fair jury trials for alleged criminals and banning cruel and unusual punishment. The law, which barely passed Congress and sparked nationwide protests, stated that at an indeterminate time in the future, any non-emergency vehicle found to be traveling over the speed limit would be “immediately detonated.” This was widely condemned as not only inordinate but also potentially catastrophic due to the consequences of such an act, especially when it is already traveling at high speeds on a crowded freeway.  
  
The worst fears were realized when the law took effect at 3:00 PM this afternoon without warning. Thousands of cars on interstate and local highways simultaneously caught fire while traveling with the flow of traffic, which happened to be slightly above the posted speed limit, causing a cascade of multi-car pile-ups and fully blocking nearly every highway in ██████ in locations known for high car volume and shutting down road travel for the entire state. Blockages due to burning and destroyed cars in downtown Fremont, ███, █████, and  ██ █████ are reported to have entirely shut down road travel in said metropolitan areas. Current fatality estimates reach over 100,000, most of whom were either on the road or in structures adjacent to roadways at the time of the SMITE Act implementation, and are expected to rise as emergency services are overwhelmed and largely impeded due to road blockages. Property damage is expected to be in the billions as fires collaterally started by vehicles — primarily large semi-trucks or tanker trucks according to eyewitnesses — go unchecked. 
  
Former Secretary of Transportation ███ █████, who had led the movement to prevent the law from taking effect and is best known for his covertly-filmed “This law is f—ing stupid, what the hell are those f—ing s—heads thinking” rant which went viral on YouTube last year, expressed his anger in a public statement. “We told them a million times, this would be a disaster!” he stated at a press conference, “From thousands of partisan and non-partisan organizations on both sides of the aisle! But did they listen? Like f— they did!”  
  
Neither President █████ nor Representatives █████(█), ███(█), and ███████(█) and Senators █████(█) and █████(█), the authors of the bill, could be tracked down after the implementation of the SMITE Act, and their respective offices have yet to respond to a request for comment as of publishing.  