"You must break your bond with them Osiriuy! If not to appeal to the council, but the survival of your species!". Pat'Gohnon spoke these words with a tone of vinegar washed in an ocean of razor teeth. He knew though it came from a place of sincerity, it was just that the humans seemed to bring that tone out of everyone, even sometimes our own leaders.

I thought briefly to the first contact. I wasn't there personally, but holotrons made it feel just as real. The study of humanity, a culmination of human culture, society, and history was the key focus of my educational advancement. Both of us had come across one another rather haphazardly. We were children with an insatiable curiosity, and no one to answer our questions. Lost to the sea of stars, so full of eager and a drive to explore. When we found each other we believed to be alone, and finally we found an answer to a question which had plagued us for so long. We grew together, flourished and learned, we built our selves an unbreakable bond. Now some hundred of solar cycles later we had found an entire galactic council, and we were invited to sit among them, but not the humans.

"Why do you fear them so much, my friend?", I leaned back in my chair cooly, my gaze meeting his. I watched as his face seemed to twitch and confound, as if the answer were so obvious he could not possibly comprehend someone asking it. Internally he crafted his words diplomatically, and than finally shared them 

"They are brash in everything they do. They take half measures, never any thoughts of what might happen, only could it happen. For an uncivilized society stuck on their own rock this is fine! Let them blow themselves up and rebuild a million times. Now they bring a threat to us all! The Hujin incident, trying to convert a sun into a black hole, and for what was it again exactly?

"Scientific interest."

"Scientific interest! They put not just a whole solar system at risk but an entire quadrant! And not for some great break through, not that there had been trillions of hours of computation done on what would happen. They did it because they thought they could, and wanted to see the results. Osiriuy, we now wield the powers we once thought were reserved for the gods, and they treat it as if it were a playground. It's a miracle that they came this far, it's best we lock them away now and forget they ever existed. Come now, Osiriuy, your people are rationale, cool headed, you understand that all things carry a weight of risk which should not be sought. You have one unified culture, compared to their millions. You have a single voice to represent their billions, as opposed to a thousand of their voices all yelling for the same thing."

"So you are saying..."

"You know damn well what I'm saying! They are Chaos incarnate, if there were a plague of madness they would be the carrier! Please, I beg of you, do not plunge your society to their depths".

Pat'Gohnon did not know the level of insult he had just levied. Osiriuy knew true plague and sickness. When his home world had a virus brought upon it that threatened to destroy everything, it was of course the humans and their mad scientist with no care for the rationale that developed the cure. And of course it was his own people who were eager to see the results of the Hujin incident.

"Perhaps..." Osiriuy thought to choose his words carefully, but than began to speak 'from the heart' as was the human term. "Perhaps we have already been infected by the madness, and perhaps we are more eager to see the results of a mad man, than that of a stagnant and dying society." Osiriuy leaned further back in his chair, his body tingled with warmth over the disobedience and brashness of his words. A smile crept over his face as he watched Pat'Gohnon struggle with finding his diplomatic approach again.