"I'm sorry... I'm sorry..."

She starts to sob.

"He didn't make any sound. He was just there..."

I have to keep running. I can still hear the crys and screams of the others behind us. She weighs heavy in my arms as I keep the pace on my aching legs. What was the last time I held her like this?

"...mom, are you angry with me?"

I almost pass the turn we have to take, to get to safety.

"No sweetie... I'm not...angry" I force myself to say between breaths.

We are nearly there. We still have time. It was just a finger! How can this small part of her body be harmful?

"It doesn't hurt anymore." She says hopefully.

My vision blurts, but I can still make out the door. 
I can't cry now. I have to save her!

I open the door with one hand, while still holding onto the reason to go on. 
On the other side I close the door with the bars placed behind it.
I carry her to the end of the corridor where the first aid kit is located and practically break it open.
Her pale smile meets my gaze as I set her down. 
My eyes wander down her arm covered in a worn down sleeve and I spot what was once her index finger. It still oozes darkend blood but the hair tie I used to tie the finger off is still there!

"I'm thirsty. Can I have some water?"

"Shhhh, I'll get you some but first you have to rest here. Everything is going to be okay."

I tear open her sleeve. There is a fine green line spreading from her finger to her shoulder.

"No! That was the last blouse from home. We haven't found clothes my size in weeks!"

No

It's too late

Something wet drops on my hand.

"Mom, are you ok?

"Everything is alright." I say with a forced smile.

"... I just remembered that day you got your kitten. You were the happiest girl in the whole world. I must've forgotten, what was his name again?"

"Silly mom, you didn't forget Sir Fluff!"

I slowly rise, not sure if my legs will carry me anymore.

"Where are you going? You aren't going to leave me alone?"

Slowly I approach the door to our living area.

The tears leaving my eyes betray me as I say:
"I'm just going to get you some water. I'll be with you in just a moment."

I close the door behind me and collapse against it.

I can't do it.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.

Tears can't be stopped this time.

I can't do it. Not my own daughter!

"Mom! What happened?"

There's noise from the corridor.

"Mom! I can't open the door!"

"...Sweetie, do you still remember? 
When you were mad at me you locked yourself in your room and we had whole dialogues through the door.
Why don't we do that again?"

"... But I'm not mad at you... Did I do something wrong?"

"No of course not. I just want to talk to you like we used to."

"Mom my chest hurts. Can't I be with you?"

"I always loved to go to the park with both of you. You could be as wild as your dad..."

"But you always scolded me when I got dirty."

"I wasn't angry. I love to see you play around but I took my job as a parent serious. So I had to scold you."

"Mom please let me in. I don't want to be alone. Please..."

"Remember what your father told you. "There is always a reason to smile." You are never truly alone."

"Mom, I want to be with you, I have to be with you. Please let me in."

"Sweetie... What was the name of your cat?"


"LET ME IN! LET ME IN! LET ME IN! LET ME IN! LET ME IN!" Came the sound of her voice with bangs against the door.

I checked the pistol I had with me. One bullet was all that was left.

"Sweetie you're never alone."