"Honey, that's a lot of forks."

"Five hundred and fifty three boxes."

"A whole lot of forks."

"And, yet, the kids still aren't here."

Mabel stepped back from the wall of plastic forks that had been stashed in their garage. She looked around, "Maybe if we start stealing spoons..."

Rhett shrugged, "I like sporks."

"Do they even sell sporks at the Piggly-Wiggly?"

Rhett sighed as he made his way to the main house door. "Maybe we are going about this all wrong. Maybe we should be hitting up the Walmart instead of the local chain places. They have security cameras everywhere. They are quicker with the cops."

Mabel followed Rhett into the house. They made their way to the kitchen, where newspaper clippings covered every inch of the walls, cabinets and fridge. Clippings of their superhero children performing acts of bravery. Stopping robberies. Fighting the criminal underground. Rescuing people from disasters. Uncovering murderers. The list seemed endless. They were always busy living up to their status as the world's greatest superheroes. Mabel and Rhett were so proud of them. Only it had been a long time since they had seen them in person. Six years, four months and eight days if you asked Rhett. The kids had even stopped returning their calls. The last sign of communication Rhett had received from them was a text that read, "Still alive. Fighting aliens. Luv you." 

That was two years ago. 

Rhett and Mabel understood their kids had a life of their own but enough was enough. They were still family. And family keeps in touch with each other. The end of the world scenarios be damned. 

Mabel was the one who came up with the idea of turning to a life of crime to get the kids' attention. "Teenagers do it all the time. Turn to pretty crimes to get their parents' attention. Shrinks call it, "cries for help." We can do something like that."

"What? Arson?"

"No. No. Never. Nothing where people can get physically hurt. I am thinking more like vandalizing walls. Or prank calling."

"Can't do prank calling anymore. Everyone has caller IDs on their phones."

"You know what I mean. Simple things. Things that would raise red flags with the kids." Mabel's face lit up. "Maybe if we are good at this, the kids could throw us an intervention."

Rhett mirrored her smile. "Everyone come back at once?"

"Yes. I can bake a cake. Maybe even have dinner."

"They aren't going to like this."

Mabel shrugged at she went to the closet to get her coat. "If they don't like it then they should visit more often. How about we start with shoplifting? Is there anything we need?"

Rhett grabbed his scarf, "You can never have too many forks." 

The two headed out the door to the car.

That was two weeks ago. Two weeks of stealing plastic forks and stashing them in their garage. 

Rhett opened up the fridge and pulled out the milk. He poured himself a glass. "What about Target instead of Walmart. Get it? *Target.* Or do you think that is a little too on the nose?"

"No, we need it to be too on the nose. Honey, I love our kids. They are good kids but, frankly, I think it's time for us to realize that they are dense. We need to make a bigger splash. And I think you are on the right track."

"So, Target. Sporks?"

"Walmart. Guns."

"*GUNS*?" Rhett stared at his wife. He did not like the idea of that. 

Mabel tried to wave away his displeasure with her hands. "Or weapons. Or better yet, we buy the ingredients to build a bomb. A big one."

"I-I don't know about that. We could be getting a visit from the FBI if we do that."

"Honey, we know the kids work along side with the FBI. What do you think they will do if they see someone trying to buy the ingredients to bombs in our little town?"

Rhett bit his lip. "They would come to us to make sure we are safe."

"Exactly."

Rhett finished his milk. "This is a ridiculous idea, Mabel. We could get in so much trouble if this blows up in our faces."

"If it blows up in our faces the kids will still come running to help us. Either way, we win."

Rhett closed his eyes and thought for a moment. "Okay. Fire up the computer. Let's see what we need to get to make a bomb..."

edit:spelling