Don't respond, I told myself.  It's a trick.  It isn't real. It isn't real.  Was I saying it out loud? I didn't know or care.  Day-long seconds passed by.  My eyes were closed, I realized.  I opened them.

There was Luke, beside me on an orange plastic subway seat, normal, a completely normal child.  His curls sat in a tuft on his head and he glanced at me briefly before he went back to staring at the passing graffiti outside.  I do have a son.  Luke is my son. . His eyes are honey-colored.  I have a  wife named Dara.  My shirt is plaid.  These were grounding comments; things Id often say to myself to bring me back to reality from wherever I was.  

The train scooted by slowly, sounding oddly similar to my sigh of relief.  This was too normal.  

When I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia ten years ago, it wasn't so easy to bring myself back, I thought.  Dara pregnant, and me still working full time.  Stress had always been a trigger, maybe what caused this monster to awaken from dormancy in the first place.

I looked down to see Luke jamming his fingers in his ears as the train turned through the Bensonhurst neighborhood, making a deafening, sharp screeching sound.

It goes black

I am gone

I'm in my apartment and it's night.  My shirt is gray.  I have a knife in my hand.  I hear Dara's voice from the living room but I don't know what she is saying.  It's muffled.  I feel as if I have cotton in my ears.  My hands are extra dry and my breathing is shallow.  I walk into the living room and see her, hear the movie playing faintly in the background.  A bowl of Chex mix fallen and strewn about the floor.  Dara is gagged and bound roughly in a wooden guest chair in the center of the room, her pregnant belly exposed.  I fumble with the knife and in a daze, cut the gag and ropes then hear it clatter to the ground.

"What happened?" I ask her.  "Who did this?"

She's at the door, opening it as I talk, and disappears outside.  I run to the doorway.  My shoes are leather, an old leather, the kind the smells worn.  Try to ground myself.

Dara is at the neighbors with a phone on their porch, they all face me, but something is wrong.  Her belly, it's moving, something is thrusting itself inside, evil.  Someone from in me says, it needs to be destroyed.  She can't be saved.  

Now I remember.  The knife.

I turn around to retrieve it as I hear the sirens wailing, screeching and I put my fingers into my ear canals and wince.

"Stop copying me," Luke said, laughing.  

I smiled, and gazed out the window.

Luke poked me and I turned.

"When are we going back to Mommy's house?" He asked.  "She said I can't go with you alone."

His eyes were black again, and his voice mechanical.  I showed no emotion. He can't know, my voice said.  He can't know that you know, or it won't work.  

"I know," I said aloud.

"Know what?". Luke asked.

"I know that we're gonna have a great day!" I said, and Luke laughed.

I looked out the window again, and held his hand in mine.

It needs to be destroyed, the voice said.

I'll do it, I said.  When the time is right.

The train screeched to a halt loudly, and I heard the bell noise as the doors opened.  "Last stop on the D line, everybody please leave the train," the conductor said over the loudspeaker. "It needs to be destroyed. "