The first thing any scout learned was the meaning of death.

There are many deaths, each hunting men in their own way. The most patient waited beyond the edges of the world, waiting for the world to grow weak and unable to flee, as all things do. The worst of deaths scratched and tore at the world, forcing it this way or that in retreat, tearing great or little wounds in its skin. And the little deaths crept in through those scars, stalked us in shadows and sleep, slipped by the eyes of the scouts, and found us when we were weak.

But though there are many deaths, all deaths come from without the world, and there all deaths must return with their catch. For that reason, all deaths lie in stillness, in origin and in method. "To be still is to die - and to be dead is to lie still," as our teacher Tsegui told us. "To be a scout, to fight death, is to forever be moving," he would shout, as he watched over us sprinting, riding our mounts, leaping, and climbing. He would pace back and forth, kissing his teeth in disapproval at poor performances, at the other students.

But not at me. I worked hard. I was a born scout, I was told, and would grow into a man who would race the greatest of deaths. Tsegui never said this - but his quiet stare spoke volumes more than any word could have. Their praise would have warmed any other student's heart, but it did nothing to me. I knew, deep within, I would end up a disappointment to my people, to the scouts, to Tsegui. For I did not wish to race death, to watch against it, to protect my village. I would be disgraced by my wish. But I did not care.

I wished to walk into death, and return.

-

What deaths do with the spirits of men is unknown to even the wisest of us, but there are theories. Most men understand death for its true nature, death as predator. Deaths hunt us, in their various ways, then bring us back to their den, the stillness beyond, and do whatever it is that deaths do with man-souls. Some men delude themselves into believing that the mortal world we live in is a prison, and that quiet deaths want to guide us into death, and that by walking into the stillness, we voluntarily shed our bodies in flame or frost, accepting freedom. What we call "the worst deaths", they preached, were really the "true deaths".

Though I wished to walk in death, I was not one of these fools. I had seen too much death, I knew there was no way that death was freedom. The faces on those who die of those heretics' "true deaths" are not one of acceptance or liberation - the faces I saw every night were those of pain and horror.
My wish to walk in death was tragic, in that sense. I would be committing the ultimate heresy, even though I did not believe in those blasphemies, that idiocy. But again, I didn't care about whether I was seen as heretic or believer, as deluded or understanding. I only cared about what lied in waiting in death, since I was a boy.

-

By my estimations, in the 15 years I had been alive, the world has walked about 1000 kars. Though the day by day travel is slow - slow enough for my people to not need a rigorous scout's training to evade the stillness - the distance adds up, and now I was facing a great distance to travel into death. I was no fool - I knew I needed to travel as soon as possible, for with each day I spent in scout's training, my destination fell further and further into death. But unfortunately, the many years of scout's training were necessary for my journey. 

Again, I was no fool. To walk into death is madness, and of course it invites death upon the crazy man who does so. To wade into the stillness, I would need to be prepared. I was lucky in that my destination lied in the white stillness - the black wastes, whose deaths burned the flesh, were impossible to protect against with any mortal means. But the white wastes, whose deaths chilled the body with frost... those could be protected against, however slight that protection might be. 

I had no idea how cold the stillness might be, 1000 kars in. I had been only 1 kar in, and I had already been on the verge of freezing to death. The fact I did not die was a miracle - it was the evidence of my scout's soul, in the eyes of my people. Only a scout would survive such temperatuers for so long, as a mere babe. This was why my parents - who were no scouts - did not survive, though they were far. Without the soul of a scout, they succumbed to the cold quickly.

Regardless of whether I would make it the full 1000 kars or not, I needed to be prepared for the white wastes. And the best way to do that was not only to acquire a scout's training - which did cover the unfortunate times that a scout ended up in death's world however close, and needed to quickly return to the land of the living - but also to acquire a scout's garb. The scouts of the white wastes were given two outfits - a ceremonial set of ancient and tribal furred robes, and the actual scout's uniform, a more pragmatic and modernized form of the same outfit. The ceremonial outfit worn at inauguration was sweaty and stifling in the world's usual climate, it was said, but still worked well on the edges of the white wastes. 

For my purposes, I would need everything I could get. That is why I would wear both - and spent much of my free time devising other possible countermeasures against the freezing cold. I would not walk into death unprepared. I was not like the heretics, willing to accept death. I sincerely wished to return, regardless of how scarred or tainted or corrupted I would be, uncaring of whether my people would accept me or not. I told myself that my purpose in doing this was to return - that it would be meaningless if I did not confirm what I saw that day, 15 years ago, to my people. 

But I knew deep down, I did not care whether my people knew or not. Deep within my heart - my heart which was never warmed, which always lie cold in my chest - I only wanted to know for myself, and to see what I saw that day once more, to know it was no dream.

-

Scouts are special among my people. Though the original purpose of the scouts was to determine which way the world would walk each day, with growing knowledge and years of wisdom it has grown increasingly easier to predict the meanderings of the world. However, the edges of the world are still attacked and breached by the worst deaths many times a year, and these attacks are truly unpredictable. The scouts patrol the edges of the world, watch for these incursions, and then report them as swiftly as they can to the people of the world, before the incursions spread too far and too many lives are taken.
For this reason, many people assumed I had chosen to be a white scout as a result of the tragedy that befell my family as a child. 

Mere days after my recovery, when I expressed an interest in becoming a scout, I overheard the elders speak of me: "It only makes sense," one said, "that he would wish to save others from his family's fate." Another spoke, solemnly, "His scout's soul wishes to watch against death, and it is easiest to watch that which one has seen." And lastly, Tsegui - I recognized his voice - whispered to the others, "Perhaps it is fortunate, then, that this tragedy befell him. We have been in need of a mighty scout."

To be honest, I did not care much about my family's loss. I knew I should have - and I was good at feigning this - but I could not love people I had never met. In fact, I could not love much at all, as far as I knew, but this did not bother me. It made my mission easier in some ways... without attachments, I had no risk, no worries.

But at the same time, this freedom made me weak. Tsegui, talking to the scouts on their first day of training, taught us this:

"A scout's soul is one of movement. Most men's souls walk with the world, complacent to keep pace with it - but a scout is driven to run, to seek beyond the world, to do something greater. It is this that gives you power. It is this that delivers you from death's clutches, that lets you outrun it. Without this drive -" Tsegui paused, as if remembering something. But his face betrayed no emotion, and he continued, "Without it, you lose the soul of a scout. Without determination, you cannot walk through death. Without attachments, you cannot stay tethered to the world."

I needed that tether. I knew if I walked into death's clutches with no anchor to life, I would succumb too fast. I had my goal, of course, but that was not enough, and I knew it. My first idea was to feign the attachments of others, but I could not bring myself to love people the same way, or to protect them. People did not concern me. My dreams did.

So I settled on my final solution - sharing that dream with the village, convincing them of what I had seen. Though it did not matter much, it did matter to me. And it was the best I could do. This cold heart was both my blessing, and my one weakness. But I would overcome it.