I paced back and forth in my living room, puffing on my Cuban cigar as I carried a wide-rimmed glass of Johnnie Walker Blue Scotch.  I was thinking about everything that has taken place over the last 15 years . . .
____

My wife and I were in the doctor's office, determining whether we were going to have a boy or girl.

After a long awaited pause, the nurse exclaimed, "It's a girl!"

Megan looked at me with sparkling, watered-down eyes.  She reiterated what the nurse had just said.  "Ron, we are having a baby girl!"

Thrilled, over the next few days we moved from our one bedroom studio in Philadelphia to a large-house in the suburbs outside the city.  We bought a new home in anticipation of our soon-to-come baby.  After all, we could more than afford it; with Megan being the CFO of a large accounting firm, and me being a lawyer, we really made the so called 'dream-team'.

I wasn't really hoping or expecting to have a Super.  After all, Megan was only about 6 months into her pregnancy at this point.

Comfy in our new home, I decided to do some reading on Supers, just in-case we did have one of these extraordinary babies.  I've gathered that a Super is a baby born after the normal 9 month pregnancy period, whereby the power of the Super grows stronger the more it is in the womb. I read all types of mathematical formulas, which all stand for the same proposition: that a Super's power is directly proportional to time in the womb. I further found out about 1% of the population are Supers, however only about .01% of those Supers resulted from a pregnancy lasting longer than 2 years total.  In other words, it's rare to come across a Super with a really incredible power.

For example, Tiff the Tough, as she has come to be called, currently holds the record for a Super.  She was in the womb for 2 years, 7 months, and 9 days. Her power is having tough, durable skin - similar to Scleroderma, but 100x stronger and without any of the side effects.  Literally, people have tried everything to make this woman bleed.  Once, a man grabbed a razor-sharp hatchet with two hands, swung it down with all of his force on Tiff's collarbone, and the hatchet bounced off.  She didn't even have a scratch.

On the other hand, there are those mothers that are so proud of the fact that they have a Super, even if the Super's power is marginal.  For example, Kathy, our neighbor, gave birth to her son, Alvin, after being pregnant for 9 months and 14 days.  Despite this, Kathy still has a sticker on the back of her minivan that says 'My son is a Super.'  It wasn't long before we found out that Alvin had the ability to read 800 words per minute.  *That is not really impressive*, I thought to myself when Kathy told me his powers, but what did I expect from a Super born only 14 days after the 9 month pregnancy threshold.  She would love to rub it in though, that her son was 1 in 100.

Whatever.

____

I was now sitting down in my recliner in the spacious 4-bedroom home that my wife and I had bought 15 years ago.  I sat there staring at the fireplace, nearly finished by Cuban Cigar and glass of scotch now.  I thought about what happened after the first 9 months. 

____

The first 9 months of Megan's pregnancy was normal; Megan had no pain (surprisingly).  However, 9 months went by, then 9 months and 15 days.  I remember, on that day I was outside gardening.  I saw Kathy come out to get the paper, and I waved and threw her a fake smile as I always do.  But this time... oh this time was going to be different.

As she was walking back up her driveway, I hollered, "Today marks 9 months and 15 days Megan has been pregnant."

Kathy looked up from her newspaper, and looked over towards me, "Ohh?"

"It looks like there are going to be two Supers living right next to each other! What are the odds?!"  I exclaimed, as I set myself up for this well thought-out exchange of subtle insults.

"I couldn't tell you, Ron." Kathy muttered, as she glanced back down at the newspaper, pretending to read it as she ascended back up the driveway.

"1 in 100." I answered.  "Small world isn't it?"

I could tell Kathy was annoyed by this witty comment, but she managed to utter a fake chuckle as she nodded her head, "I guess it is."  She continued walking back up the driveway, and disappeared into her house without another word.

The months continued to trickle by.  Megan and I were getting anxious - we just wanted our baby, Super or not.  

Soon we set the world-record, and surpassed Tiff the Tough's previous record.  Our Super has been in the womb now for 2 years, 7 months, and 10 days.  Yes there was media attention.  Yes there were interviews.  Yes there were stories written.  Tiff the Tough even came to personally congratulate us.  It was true, her handshake was firm, cold, and tight.  It was comparable to shaking a brick that has sat under the winter frost too long. However, all of that came and went.  We would do annual updates with the media regarding the status of Megan's pregnancy.  Additionally, we would check in with her doctor once every six months.  She would always tell the doctor she wasn't feeling any pain, which was surprising to all of us, but we brushed it off as Megan trying to stay strong through this extended pregnancy.

____

I put out my cigar in the ashtray, and gulped down the last swig of scotch from by glass.  I kicked back the recliner into full-reclining mode and stared at the Artemide mercury ceiling light hanging above my head.  I thought about the day of the birth - which happened only a few months ago.

____

"Ron, lets go! NOW!" Megan exclaimed, as we stood in the kitchen preparing dinner.

I watched her rip off her cooking apron that dangled over her baby-bump, and throw it on the sofa as she ran towards the door to put on her sneakers.

"Where are we going? We are in the middle of cooking dinner."  I questioned, as I quickly washed the barbecue sauce from the chicken marinade off of my hands.

She looked back at me and smiled. "It's finally time!"

*Fuck yeah, mother fucker!* I thought to myself. I had watched House of the Rising Sun too many times.  "Okay! Okay! Coming!" I exclaimed, trying to conceal my excitement.

15 years, 1 month, and 5 days.  The time has come - our daughter, Sanar, was finally going to be born.  A true Super.

We got to the hospital without that much media attention following us, as it was close to 8pm.

Three hours later and Megan gave birth.  Our baby girl. Finally. Here.

About five doctors and nine other hospital personnel crowded into the room for the birth.  All of them rushing around the large room prepared specifically for us, doing various 'hospital-like' things. I feel like there were more people there than necessary, and that they were just there to witness a Super being born.  *The* Super being born.  But whatever. I'm happy it finally happened.

Megan held our child for a few seconds, then passed her off to me.

I looked down in her eyes as I grabbed her, "Hello there Sanar."

I immediately felt this sense of euphoria.  I was suddenly so happy, and felt the weight of 100 pounds being lifted off my shoulders.  I was much more aware of everything.  I smiled and looked at Megan, then back down at our daughter.  Her arms extended, and her chubby fingers reached towards a nurse who was cleaning up the room.  The nurse was an amputee and had only one hand.  I was startled when I noticed, but impressed she was somehow still permitted to work - and work well, at that.  My daughter relentlessly reached for the nurse.  The nurse noticed, turned around and smiled.

"Go ahead and hold her," I reluctantly said.  I could see the nurse was immediately thrilled to hold our Super.  She grabbed a hold of her, and held Sanar in her arms. Cradling her fondly.

"Oh god."  The nurse exclaimed.  "Oh dear lord help me!"  The nurse was now crying.

"What's wrong?!" One of the doctors exclaimed, as he turned around and ran towards the nurse, holding her up.

"My... my hand."  The nurse handed Sanar back to me, as she showed us both of her hands.

*Both* hands.

Tears of joy were streaming down her face.

We all looked at each other, and soon realized Sanar's power:

Starting with my wife, ridding her pain while Sanar was in the womb...

...then to me, healing my emotional pain as I looked into Sanar's eyes...

...then to the nurse, healing her hand as she held baby Sanar. 

A 15-year build up of power... accumulating to heal the world as we knew it, one person at a time.  

____

I smiled and got up from the recliner. I walked to Sanar's room. I looked down at her asleep in the crib.

I whispered, "You are one in a million."

____

Edit1: Grammar.

Edit2: Yes... Sanar is Spanish for 'to heal' / 'to cure'.

Edit3: So apparently I suck at math; I changed .0001% of 1% to .01% of 1%.  This correctly reflects one in a million.

Edit4: Oh em gee, my first gold! I feel so special now. Thank you good person!
