“So you’re saying that your sex life with your wife is dead?”  Dr Adams asked him.

“YES! That’s the perfect way to put it.  And let’s just say that it’s one thing that can’t be… *revived*.”

*It may have something to do with that awful stench emanating from you, Mark* Dr. Adams thought to herself.  She quickly glanced at Mark who seemed tired, eyes sunken, but this look had become more common than not in recent weeks.  His skin had odd green tinge, the kind of color Dr. Adams had imagined that a sailor might get when they don't get enough vitamin C.

“Am I missing something Mark?” She asked attentively. “Were you making some sort of joke?”

“Errr, no, not really.” Mark retorted, realizing that Dr. Adams didn’t understand what he had meant, and probably never could.  He briefly questioned in his mind how useful marriage counseling was going to be if he couldn’t tell the doctor the full truth.

“Why, ‘revived’, Mark? Why is that something that is on your mind?”

“You see, Dr. Adams, it’s just that there is something going on in our lives right now, something sort of complicated.  We have had to make a lot of sacrifices for each other, both of us.  And as a result of all these sacrifices, we still aren’t able to spend any time together.”

“So your marriage is in need some sort of revival, is what you’re thinking?”

Mark sighed.  “If only things were that simple.”

“But maybe they are Mark” the doctor reassured him. “And tell me, where is Courtney again?”

“She’s couldn’t be here today, doctor.” Mark said nervously.  “She’s been very busy lately and she has had to do a lot of, *resting*.”

Dr. Adams again felt like there was some inside joke that she had been missing out on.  “Well Mark, it’s going to be hard to resolve these issues that you have been bringing up in here without getting both of you in here at once.”

Mark put his head down, “I agree with you doc, if we could just be here with you together, we wouldn’t be having these issues.”

Dr. Adams checked her watch, “Time is up Mark.  And please, go home and get some rest, you look half past dead.”

