The Time-Traveling Assassins League, or T-TAL as it was known, was established soon after it was discovered that time travel didn't effect our timeline. It's goal was to kill the most notorious criminals throughout the history in the most creative, complex, and often gruesome ways and had only two rules:


	1. Kill the target
	2. No sabotaging your opponent.
	3.a. Regular Season Kill Time Limit is 3 months
	3.b. Final Kill Time; indefinite


In the professional league you could work alone or as a team, though working alone was almost unheard of now a days . The two teams would go head to head (though in separate timelines) and were judged by a combination of the popular vote and the scoring of overall creativity, historical impact, and complexity by professional judges. The loser was out for the season. Each team was . At the beginning of the killing season (as it was called), the teams could kill anyone they wanted. But near the end of the season, when most of the other teams were out, the kill list was narrowed to any notorious criminal in a specified time period (i.e WWII). The Final Kill was determined by owner of T-TAL.

The league began with a group of rich kids who had too much time on their hands and their parents time machines. On the weekends they began competing to see who could kill the bully of the week or that asshole teacher. As time went on the game grew and eventually had a cult following and the assassin’s league started. During the early years the murder and suicide rate exploded, the government tried to intervene but there wasn't much they could do. But after an official league with rules and regulations was created, and the murders became televised and more focused on notorious killers and the atrocities they committed, a strange thing happened. All violent crimes virtually stopped. Humanity didn't like to see its ugly face in the mirror, nor did anyone want to end up being a famous target. The sad part is, only one of the original T-TAL members was alive to see the peace they created. All the others killed themselves.


Fifteen years. Fifteen years was all it took for T-TAL to become the powerhouse corporation it is today. It's owner was the last founding member and, coincidentally, your narrator. At 29, I was the youngest billionaire and most influential man in the world. I write the rules, I decide who the Final Kill would be, and as long as a season was going, I had the full attention of the world. This, of course, excluded those in the Final Kill who decided to play the long con. There is still a guy who has been in the Roman Empire for 5 years, waiting to kill Emperor Nero (less fun than I originally expected). He surprisingly has a pretty strong cult following. As I’ve become accustomed to this power and authority, and since I have weld it so responsibly, I believe it is my duty to ensure I stay at the top. But the past few years a team known as the Berlin Strikers has been trying to undermine me and overtake the league. Trying to unionize all assassins, trying to turn the people against me, trying to buy out the shareholders, but they forget exactly who I am. And this year I intend to remind them.

At the beginning of this season I disguised myself and secretly enrolled with the pro’s and worked my way up to the Final Kill, as had the Berlin Strikers. I had placed a proxy in my stead, allowing him to pick the FK this year, but on one stipulation, he had to pick two. Two notorious killers within the same era. As promised he picked two, though unoriginal, very interesting picks. Adolph Hitler and Joseph Stalin. What made this so interesting was that depending on your timing of the first kill, the timeline for the second kill will be completely changed. Any historical knowledge you have will be rendered useless for the second kill.


The time had come, I stepped up to my platform, dressed in my USSR Officer uniform. I had decided to begin with Stalin first, right at the start of the Great Purges in 1934. Based on the Striker’s peasant clothing, they decided on some sort of Soviet uprising. Amateurs. I stepped through my timeline and felt the nostalgic pull and twist pf time travel. A feeling I had not felt since me and the remaining founders swore it off after the second suicide. I smiled as I landed in a brisk Russian winter and I turned on my universal translator. This wasn’t going to take long. My plan was simple, I was going to prey on Stalin’s paranoia until it killed him. As for Hitler, that’s a surprise. 


I took out my list of those killed in the purges and began. I instilled my face with everyone on that list, making sure Stalin associated me with every person he saw as a threat to his regime. Each time I reappeared down the timeline I saw his face become more angered, and something else. What is that? No matter, I continued with the plan. Only four stops lefts. The first was early July 1939, I went up Stalin’s foreign minister Vyacheslav Molotov and whispered into his ear while Stalin watched. Vyacheslav Molotov was supposed to negotiate a peace agreement with Germany but as I ran out and punched in my next location, I heard a gunshot and knew that wasn’t going to happen. My next jump was a week later in Hitler’s office where I placed a letter from “Stalin” insisting the agreement should be made between the two of them and their top advisors and then did the same with Stalin. With the meeting’s time and date set, I had my final destination.

At the meeting between the two groups, the Soviets and the Nazis, I changed into my second set of clothes; a Nazi officer uniform. I made myself seen to Stalin right before the agreement was signed. He stopped dead, he looked at me, mouth gaping. Slowly, he stood and pointed, saying, “Y-you…I know you. You have been plotting against me for years.” He turned to Hitler, who looked as shocked as any, and said, “YOU have been plotting against me, weakening the Soviet State. You have brought me such despair and heartache. Many good comrades died because of your deception. And you expect me to have peace with your empire?! No.” And with that Stalin took his pistol and killed Hitler. At this the room burst out in gun fire, Stalin being the first to die. At that I was automatically teleported back to the present. I was created by a thundering applause within the stadium. A near perfect score across the board, and the Strikers had barely began their uprising. But something of what Stalin said had stuck with me and I finally realized the look on his face. It was despair…he realized there was no hope for him and his reign. That someone would always be trying to overthrow him, to take control. A sudden rush of realization came over me. I was just like Stalin and Hitler and all other tyrannical leaders, and it was only a matter of time before I began my massacres. With this I threw off my disguise, ignoring the gasps of the crowd, took out my revolver, and shot myself. And for the first time for a long time, I was at peace.