*first time posting*

Stagnant waters are a death sentence. They mold and suffocate. The only tolerable crutch I've found is adventure; a constant wonderlust.
I toss in the sheets, suffocated by memories, some as dull as dust and others? Like sparkling satellites in the modern sky. I couldn't settle. I had to move. I tossed off the shackles of crooked sheets and rose to my feet. I went to the balcony to air out the memories.

The air was alive, with the music of cicadas that drifted on the warm whisper of a breeze. The moon was so bright, she wouldn't be ignored tonight. Though, I've found the moon isn't as bright as I remembered. We've both dulled over the years, within a shrinking world that's grown so bright in vanity it blocks out the heavens. The stars have changed too. There are gaps now where old friends, who were a comfort and guide, burnt out long ago, replaced by brighter newborns; the circle of life in the vacuum of space. Cosmic irony.

After I've had my fill of the night sky, I turn to wander through the quiet house. She's a humble home, with tall ceilings, large windows, and curved doorways. She sits quietly in a pocket of land, surrounded by flowers, gardens, and trees. She's off the beaten path, because someone like me could never have neighbors. It's almost like a distant dream, the time when we thrived on worship and attention. Hordes of mortals would leave gifts and call out our names. Now we exist unnoticed. Alone. I don't know if I'm the last or if the others are out there, somewhere.

I come out of my musings and find myself in the library, the most luxurious room in my little witch's cottage. Filled floor to high ceiling with books. Books of every shape and nature. And among them, my journals. Organized by language, dates, or geography, they're scattered like seeds amongst the leather-bound soil that is my collection. Some in languages long dead, some from times still undiscovered, some of old friends with names revered, some on calfskin scrolls, some on bound pages turning yellow, some even published under different pen names. The recent ones still have their white pages.


Few things still excite me in this existence. When you've lived a thousand lifetimes, you experience every fear, every pain, every first, every thrill. But, I've found, I still get a tingle from a blank page as my pen hovers, prolonging its thirst for the ink of a new story. They're like a fresh blanket of snow, perfect and white, anticipating that first step. I run my hands over their spines, each as alive as my own, each as immortal as its author, with pieces of my soul encased and safe. I breathe in the history and feel a flutter.

I wander back to the bedroom, because I might as well finish packing; productive insomnia. I'll be leaving tomorrow for another nostalgic tour, see some old familiar homes and to see how time has changed them, too, like the heavens and the people. It's a time old tradition that marks a new generation, because it's safer to go back when the heard has thinned and lost some memory. 

After the cases are all packed and zipped I sit down at the small vanity. My reflection stares back as I begin my nightly routine, for the second time that night, a face some would recognize, some would worship, some would despise. A face immortalized, in more ways than one. A face unchan-- something is different.

I move the brush, again, there it is. A flicker of white amongst the tricolor auburn hair. Hair that has changed neither in length nor color for as long as birds have had the gift of song. I capture it between my thumb and forefinger and hold it to the light. White, like shock and purity and promise. Beautiful, like the blank page of a book, thirsty for a story. "A thousand and one lives", I think, as a smirk tugs at my lips and the moon grows a little brighter.