Dozens of the enemy's ships flounder in the open water. Dragons shriek above, their triumphant calls reverberating through the open air and across the waves. The huge red and green creatures seem to defy gravity, gliding gracefully on the wind's currents. The sun is just now breaking over the horizon, promising a bright, searingly hot day.

I stand on the shoreline, watching as the sailors on the nearest ship jump overboard, taking their chances as the dragons paint the top of the ocean orange. The ship's gunpowder store ignites in a flash, the resulting explosion and sonic boom knocking one of the dragons from the air. The beast falls quickly, spurting a gout of flame which withers and dies as it slams into the water.

I take a step backwards as the hot air overwhelms me, the scent of burning wood and flesh thick on my nostrils.

"They didn't have a chance," my companion says, one hand covering his eyes from the searing heat that is just now dissipating. All of the sailors within a few hundred feet of the ship float lifelessly on the ocean, the remaining dragons climb sharply, heading away from the blast zone. "A shame really," Alderon says, his eyes scanning the ocean for survivors.

"They are the enemy," I respond, then turn and begin to walk back up the beach towards the waiting caravan, a spring in my step. Events are in motion and gaining more speed and all the while our carefully orchestrated plan  hangs on by a thread.

"I know that," Alderon snaps, hurrying to keep up. His duel Dragon-Pistols curl around his shoulders, one sleeps, the other resting with one eye open. In an instant they could be coiled round his wrists, heads extended towards wherever his hands are pointing. A cold, calculated killer hid underneath Alderon's too-big eyes and humble demeanor. A monster dressed in sheep's clothing.

The caravan lurches forward, a long, meandering line of carts and buggies, moving troops and supplies to the front line. Dragon-Cannon fly overhead, periodically alighting on flat-bed wagons in order to rest. "We've crushed the surprise attempt," Alderon says, chewing on a piece of hard-tack. "What now?"

I sit straight-backed, watching the dust get kicked up by creaking wooden wheels and stomping hooves, fine little nodules with absolutely no purpose, like many things in this world. "The Lizard King appears tomorrow, to rally his men before they advance along the entire front," I say, one finger now twirling and un-twirling my mustache. "We kill him tonight."

Normally such a boast would be met with laughter, but Alderon knows not to laugh. The Lizard King is surrounded by thousands of guards at all times. By Dragons that hover in the sky above, mighty things, huge beasts that can set entire cities alight. Even now his army masses along no-mans land, the largest ever assembled. His decree has spread throughout the independent realms: Submit to the Lizard King, or die. But with such a large following, so many eyes and ears around you, there are bound to be weaknesses, gaps to exploit.

And so the caravan moves through the heat of the afternoon sun, getting closer to our destination. I straighten my knees and stretch my legs, bringing my arms up in a wide, satisfying arc. "It's okay," I whisper, Alderon pretending not to hear. "You can come out for a bit."

Hundreds of little creatures skitter, appearing from my coat folds and my lapel and from beneath my belt. Tiny little dragons with intense red eyes and jet black scales, small, inky puffs of smoke coiling upwards to dissipate into the air. Alderon sits with his fists clenched and his eyes closed, pretending to ignore the scene before him.

The wagon is enclosed, the air hot and stifling, and my Needles can finally roam free for a bit, cooing at each-other quietly. No-one ever sees them coming.