It all started with this addiction.

WorldWarOnline, the most generic title you can give a game like this. But it is one hell of a game. Its huge, it does not need any lore aside from this worlds history and it even has real political systems. Some month ago, bored and just fired from my job - It was a shithole anyway, who the heck even wants to eat that shitty paper burger stuff? - I was searching for something to kill time. Found it, got addicted and now my whole life is centered around it. 

I am what you could call a 'pro player' in WWO. I don't need anything but this game - For one or two month now I  not only able to pay my living expenses, but also make a shitload more money. The only contacts I have are the delivery guy bringing me my weekly supply of instant food and drinks and my clan, but what more do I need?

After I got hooked, it took me roughly three month to climb atop this virtual world. As its greatest leader, I decide which war is worth to be fought, what country is a benefit for this world, I even judge the worth of ones life. 

I made my way to the top as a solo player, but once I got there, The Clan started to help me out. They are nice people. Doing almost everything I wish of them, helping me in situations I get stuck. With their help, I am only that short of a real god.

The world is a funny place, given the fact that one day we noticed that all twelve of them are living close to me. We decided to meet up and naturally the place to do this was the leaders home. The first time I saw them, I was a little stunned. Twelve men and women, all in black suits and stunningly clean black sunglasses. But they were as friendly as they were on the net. We had a great time talking about the game, drinking and bonding even more. But no matter how often I'd tell them, they would not stop to call me 'great leader'.  

Our meetings are a regular thing now, two times a week we gather at my home and talk how to develop WWO, our world. We made great progress. Every form of advancement has its price, though. About half of WWO is a wasteland. Countries that did not want to cooperate were nuked until they ceased to exist or gave in. Todays meeting is about one of those countries. America does not want to cooperate with us anymore. 

'Its my home, but whatever. Nuke it!' I said. 