They couldn't understand it.  But why should I have expected them to? I couldn't make any sense of it myself.  Suddenly I was the villain in their eyes, completely at fault.

People traveled from around the world to visit me.  All it took was a touch. One touch from me and whatever illness they had was gone.  They called me a miracle worker, said I had been sent by God.  Until it stopped.  Until, just like that whatever power I had was gone.  

It seemed as though, almost overnight, I had become one of the most reviled women on the planet.  The threats.  The insults.  The abuse.  It came from everyone.  They called me a fraud, said that I had given them hope and then ripped it away.  They couldn't understand that this was beyond my control.  That I could do nothing to help them, no matter how desperately I wanted to.  But the anger wasn't the worst of it.  The worst were those who still looked to me with hope in their eyes; hope that changed to despair as I turned away from them.  God those eyes! I still see them every night.  Haunting me.

So I ran.

I left everything behind and I ran.  Away from those eyes.  Away from the anger, from the hate, from the blame.

Away from my family.

I found this remote little cabin and made it my home.  I thought that if I could get far enough from everything that maybe I could find some peace.  Maybe I could forget those damn eyes.  

About a week ago it happened.  I woke in the middle of the night with a pain in my knee.  I could feel the blood on the sheets and I knew I wasn't dreaming, but what had happened?  Two days later the coughing hit me.  Then the fever.  Then the bruising.  It wasn't until the burn appeared that I realized what was happening.  The cut on my son's knee from where he tripped on the driveway.  The cough he got a month later that seemed as if he would never get better.  The fever my sister got when she came to visit us.  And the burn.  The burn my husband got from dropping a pot of boiling water.  The burn that stands out on my arm right now.

I understand now how they felt, so many of those who came to me for healing.  The helplessness.  The anger.  The fear.  I know what waits for me in the days to come and I know I don't have the strength to face it.  I only hope I have the strength to do what I must.

I don't expect that anyone will ever read this, but I needed to write it.  And, I suppose, deep down I hope that it will be found, and, somehow, will make its way back to my family.  It's not forgiveness or pity that I'm looking for, but maybe reading this will help them understand.

I suppose this is the last I'll be writing.

There's a creek nearby and the rain the last few days has made the current much quicker.  I never was a very good swimmer.