Vasily slumped down into the stool and shot the bartender a look that said 'Don't bother me.' Earlier that day he had just gotten the perfect angle on a group of ISIL soldiers looting a Humvee when a piece of fabric fluttered in front of him and blocked the shot. A man sits in the stool right next to him and seems to be having the time of his life. "I'll take your strongest shot." The man tells the bartender. The bartender begins to mix vodka and cola together as the happy man turns to Vasily. "Why the long face bud?" He asks to with which Vasily responds with "There was a great opportunity that I didn't get to take advantage of today." The man then says "Yeah it's always annoying when that happens, right place right time and then something bad screws it all up." Vasily prompts the man to continue with a nod of his head. "I've had my fair share of those as well, one time I had three guys all lined up and then they moved out of the way so I couldn't get the shot off." Vasily decided that the stranger was tolerable and so called the bartender over and ordered what the happy man was getting. "So why are you looking like you just slept with Emma Watson?" Vasily asked the man. The man grinned and the replied "I wish, real reason is that I got a two for one today." Vasily's eyes nearly bulged out of his skull. "How did that happen?" He asked suddenly extremely invested in the story. The man began "Well, these two guys were walking past each other and I saw the opportunity and took the shot." Vasily became confused and asked "But wouldn't that only be one photo? What's the two for one deal?" The man chuckled and said "You take photos of your kills? Damn dude that's cold." Vasily felt a shiver run up his spine and asked the big question. "So what do you do?" To which the man smiled and said, "The greatest job on the goddamn planet. Killing terrorists." Vasily paled and visibly shuddered. "What's wrong bro? You cold?" Asked the man. To which Vasily responded with "I'm a photographer." In a soft voice that was barely above a whisper and badly hiding the fear. The man then promptly burst out laughing and said "Well if you ever want a photo then just hit me up." He downed his shot and then promptly left leaving Vasily speechless. Vasily looked at his own shot and then left with ought taking a sip.