It was just supposed to be a normal weekend. Finally out of the office, shirt and boxers, and a 12 hour power nap with my name on it. As I finished the last of my lean cuisine, I couldn't help but relish that I could actually sleep. No more translations. No more extra paperwork. No kissing Gretchen's managerial ass. I looked down at my growing gut, debated on getting a beer, and decided against it. She'd just chew me out and enjoy every bite, just like any other day in the cubes.

I moved through the apartment's tiny kitchen, past a couple of old momentos of former high school glory, and paused. Never thought I'd be the one to peak so early. I stooped under the small doorframe and flopped onto my lumpy mattress. I closed my eyes, and breathed a sigh of relief.

Peace at last.

The door shattered with the force of an ejaculating T-Rex. The sound of cocking shotguns and heavy boots echoed violently in the tiny confines of my halls. I turned over and cracked open an eye.

They were dressed in blue and black body armor, SWAT emblazoned on their backs and helmets. I think there was about 12 of them. With a resigned groan I peeled the other one back to get a better look. Four of them had riot shields propped against the outside, kneeling and braced behind them. Cans of spent teargas littered the outer hall. I followed them as best I could back to the other members. That's when I noticed the blood. Nearly every male member of the team was covered in ripped Kevlar and ragged gashes. The one or two women were untouched. All were coated in ash and grime, the smell of sweat and smoke quickly swamping the space. 

They didn't so much as look at me as they trained their arms and eyes at the splintered door frame. With a practiced cock of the head, one of the two woman seemed to be listening for something. Beneath the veneer of bravery was the telltale look of fear. The labored breathing of the force quieted down somewhat. She briefly trailed her eyes around my bedroom, and rested them on my still prone form. 

"Here they come," she whispered, her voice trembling. A tear slowly fell down her cheek. No sound followed afterwords as the SWAT team collectively tensed. 

The shots came without warning, each roar of a shotgun followed by the popping of pistols. I dove to the ground and covered my ears, only looking up as the guns were silenced. The men up front were the first to go. Torn to pieces by metal wrist claws, shiny and crome. Gun smoke and Sheetrock dust bloomed over the entryway to my apartment, and several large, grotesque shadows flickered through. The next few men in the middle screamed as they were cut limbless, falling to the floor as what looked like the blade of a katana silently sliced the air. The throwing stars threw out arcs of blood, spraying across my dingy walls and trophies. 
Soon only the women remained, blood splattered, wounded, but defiant. 

One of the larger shadows waddled towards them, took off an old fedora, and bowed.

"M'ladies," he said with an awkward wheeze. The others behind him did the same, each of varying size and hair length. He then turned to me, neck bristling with unshaved fuz.

"Chad," he hissed at me, settling into a anime sword stance.

"Shit." I said as I got up from the floor, and took my old 1st place championship trophy from my dresser. They warned us that the neckbeards would rise up and take their rightful place. They warned that they'd find us and take us out one by one. Now they'd finally reached me.

My name is Chad, and I am the last of my kind. The last guardian of a bygone era, the last hope for humanity.

In a flash I launched myself at him, gilded gold glinting in the air.

"Ten HUT!!!!"

Edit: some words