Jerry stepped out of the warmth and comfort of his car. He took a second to tuck his coat closer around him and pop his collar. He took a deep breath and watched it until the last tendrils dissipated into the winter air. He hated the cold. It always made him want to move slower. He dismissed what he considered acute seasonal depression and turned toward Java's.

He braced against the weather and moved toward the only source of warmth he saw. He braced against the inconstant wind muttered slight curses.

He wouldn't even be out in this cold if it wasn't for a date. Of course the only thing that could motivate him here was a girl. He didn't even like coffee. It was bitter and it never woke him up.

Still he persevered. Ava was awfully cute after all. He thought she was way out of his league, yet one day she walked up to him and asked him to grab a coffee. He was astounded, what could he have done but say yes?

He burst through the door, the freezing air pouring around him into the little coffee shop. He looked around and immediately spotted a small figure waving to him sweetly. He stopped incapacitated by her beauty. He had only seen her at work when she had no reason to try for beauty, now however, she could have been the most beautiful girl in the world. 

The barista shot him an icy glare and said, "Welcome to Java's!" in an obviously annoyed voice. She was visibly shaking. 

"O-oh, thanks." He akwardly muttered out. He took a step forward and let the glass door swing shut behind him. The barista shot him another glare before busying herself. Jerry shuffled to Ava's table. He sat across her and said, "Hey." 

"Hey, you looked a little dumbfounded when you walked in. Do I have competition?" She motioned toward the irritable barista. 

He glanced up before awkwardly half-shouting, "What, no, no!" He paused before following up with "I was looking at you."

She rolled her eyes and said, "You're too much." An awkward silence ensued untill blessedly, the barista interrupted it. "Would you like anything honey?" 

"Oh please I'm not that sweet, but a cup of eggnog would be nice." The barista snorted out a yes and left them. 

She leaned forward and whispered, "Are you sure?"

"Ya, ya, you know how it is. A cute girl across from me."

She giggled and replied, "Ok, well then you gotta prove it. Do me a favor?"

"Anything."

"Come on, follow me." She took his hand and lead him toward the back next to the bathrooms. He shot the barista a worried face and she stared daggers back at him.

When they got out of sight of the barista she unzipped his coat. "Wait, wait just a second now, I don't know..." He mumbled with worry. By the time he got everything he had to say out she was starting on his shirts buttons. 

"See I need you to deliver a letter for me Jerry." She said innocently gazing into his eyes. "I would just give it to you, but I don't trust you to remember it." She paused to work on a particularly troublesome button, "You see I'm stuck here. My time machine broke down a couple days back, and I've been awfully scared. Then I found you." She finished the shirt buttons and placed her warm hand on his chilly abdomen. Her hand made a swift counter clockwise movement and the hiss of gas releasing was heard.

Jerry was dumbfounded and didn't move. She pulled a letter out of her coat and placed it in a small chamber located where his stomach should be. She slammed it shut and looked back at him innocently.

"All I need you to do is to be here and find a guy named Joseph in the year 2170." She kissed him on the cheek and shouted, "Thanks! I'll see you there!" She disappeared into the girls bathroom just as the gears in Jerry's head started turning.

"Wait! Come back!" He stormed into the bathrooms with all the ferocity of a hurricane only to find it empty. 

He ran out of Java's as fast as his legs could carry him only pausing to swing open the door. He made it into the warmth and comfort of his car and layed back. He wanted to catch his breath but he noticed he wasn't breathing hard. Infact, he wasn't breathing at all. He started breathing, just for the comfort. Then he started holding his breath and never stopped.



Hey guys, long time lurker first time posting here, I'm sure this is full of grammar and other mistakes so feel free to call me out on them. Sorry it's a little rushed, I gotta get back to choir practice. If I look at my phone one more time my teacher is gonna kill me. Thanks for reading and marry Christmas! 