He was barely half way through the second syllable of his third word for "fireball" when I yawned. This is why I didn't like Latin. Precise? Yes. Exactly what you asked for? Certainly. But it was like being stuck in church. I glared at him.

"Ain't nobody got time for this." and his mind is suddenly clouded, distracted. "Smells like someone was barbecuing," and he explodes in a column of fire.

I just nod to the assembled mages and go to leave.

"This is an outrage! You have to stick to the proper forms!" the prefect shouted.

I shrug. "I did, words only. No gestures. What's the problem, yo?"

The prefect and his companions were quickly scouring the rulebook, looking for any rule I had broken, but they wouldn't find one.

"I challenge you!" shouts one of the younger ones. He's still older than me by at least 10 years, but compared to the rest he's young.

"Tide pod challenge," I retort, swiftly.

The poor mage looks confused, then alarmed as an object was lodged in his throat. He quickly coughed it up, along with a large volume of bubbling foam. He was vomiting up as much as he could, but swiftly passed out from acute poisoning.

Another older mage to my right started chanting the latin words for a freeze spell. They finally realised how dangerous I was, but I wasn't going to go easily. "ALS!" I shouted and he snap froze solid, a human iceblock.

The other mages looked at me warily. I gazed back at them, my expression daring them to try me.

Two of them lacked the wisdom to step down. They both started incanting their long sentences towards me. I had enough time to roll my eyes twice. "Fidget spinners." A hundred rapidly rotating spinning discs shredded my opponents. They took cover from the plastic and metal onslaught, their spells left abandoned.

They told me that Latin was the best language to use, as it the meaning never changes. They didn't realise that change is the most powerful part of language. And with the internet, nothing changes faster.

I'm the meme wizard, and I'll destroy anyone that comes against me.