[PI] Matthew woke up in room 317 startled to see the back of a woman standing at the end of his bed, sobbing.  Her long brown hair straightened and pulled back so that he could just see the side of her face, but not enough to make out her profile.  She slammed her hand down on the table against the wall, leaving something there so she could dab her face dry with both of her hands, then wiped her fingers on her jeans that she wore with her blue and white dress.  She took a deep breath, exhaled and failed to collect herself.

The clock on the wall said that the time was 15:18. The sun was getting bright in the room and Matthew knew that it would be shining in his face soon, reflected off of the window from the building across the street.  Charlie would be in soon.  Matthew liked Charlie.  Unlike most of the other nurses, Charlie talked to Matthew while he was in the room.  He would ask Matthew how his day was while he checked his BP and heart rate.  Then he would turn the TV on before writing his name on the old whiteboard that was smeared with eraser marks.  He would always add a small doodle.  None of the other nurses did that.  Everyday, he would have one sided banter and say, “Not talkative, today, huh?”  Charlie thought this was funny to say since Matthew couldn’t speak, then he’d go on to talk about his kids, and their mother, or their plans for the weekend. Charlie also liked to give Matthew updates on sports and politics.  Matthew really liked Charlie.

Charlie was the only thing that Matthew had to look forward to.  Room 317 was, in addition to everything else, depressing.  The dusty TV was an old 25 inch tube TV hanging from the ceiling that had a poor picture and worse sound.  There was a water stain on one of the tiles of the drop ceiling where it met the wall.  At the same spot two rolls of wallpaper met and the corners were curling away as the glue was coming loose because of the water damage. While the lighting was bring, the florescent bulbs were on the verge of going out, so they flickered every few minutes and buzzed throughout the entire day.  And when the PTAC unit under the window kicked on, it would scrape as the metal fan would grind against the metal housing.  Matthew couldn’t feel the cold air any more than he could feel his fingers or his toes. He had been in room 317 for five months, twenty one days and he was never going to be able to move or walk again.  And while his body never felt uncomfortable from lying in place or the room being too cold, he had become acutely claustrophobic from not being able to move his limbs. Matthew wanted to die.  The only thing keeping him alive was the feeding tube, oxygen and IV lines that were strung from his body.

After the woman standing at the end of his bed regained her composure, she turned to face Matthew. His stomach dropped, and his insides twisted. He felt the panic of not being able to move and was overcome with anxiety.  Matthew hadn’t seen her since he left her apartment after their date two years ago.  He remembered taking her to dinner, then helping her back into her apartment that evening as she could barely walk on her own.  He also remembered getting himself dressed and leaving her apartment while she was past out, mostly naked on her living room floor.

For several minutes she looked at him with calm measure.  She swallowed heavily before trying to speak.  

“You took...”  She stopped and closed her eyes, took another breath.  For another minute she reconsidered what she wanted to say.  She looked around the room for a moment and began to speak again. “This is…” she choked on her words, keeping herself from crying, “This is better than you deserve.”

She turned halfway, and with her left hand reached to the table by the wall.  She picked up the syringe filled with a blue liquid and a bent needle that she was unable to use.  As she exited, she deposited the syringe in the sharps container on the wall.  And without the closure that she was seeking, she walked out the door.

As she left, Charlie walked in with a grin, “Hey braugh, you didn’t tell me you had a date this afternoon!”  He put his name on the whiteboard and added a red heart with an arrow, and said, “I understand, you don’t want to talk about it.  That’s cool man.  I thought we were friends.”  As Charlie turned on the TV he asked “What channel do you want to watch today?  How about some baseball?”  He set the remote down and returned to checking Matthews feeding tube, oxygen and IV.