Jeremy walked slowly down the promenade, casting a long shadow behind him. Some indeterminate way ahead, there was a light, though its source was a mystery. Every ten or fifteen paces, he passed an alcove, either on the left or the right. As he peered into each, the wavering voice of his companion, the simpering curator of this place, dribbled into his hearing.  

“That is Excalibur, o hero. Wielded by the one true king of England.” 

Jeremy cast a bored glance at the sword and walked on, much to the dismay of the curator. Usually a hero from Earth would stop to examine Excalibur, given that it had such a storied history in that place. Puzzled, the curator continued to follow, but at a cautious distance. This “Jeremy” must be a mighty warrior indeed, to give no consideration to such a prize. The visitor did not appear to be in any great hurry to reach the next alcove, but nonetheless there was progress.  

Jeremy peered into the next alcove. Upon an ostentatious pedestal of gilded white marble lay a lumpy pile of material. He turned back to look at the curator, who hurriedly caught up.  

“Mighty one, that is…” the curator began, before breaking into a brief fit of rather fake hacking coughs. “It kills people but leaves buildings standing”. His disinterest palpable, Jeremy walked on. 

At the next alcove Jeremy did not pause. The curator peered down to ensure the treasure was still there. Sure enough, a 1950’s black-and-white television set from Earth stood unsteadily on a tripod-like structure, playing a scene of terrible destruction over and over again. Behind the flickering television set, a large, ominous shape was suspended from sturdy lines of woven metal. “This one… also kills people but leaves buildings standing, o conqueror of wills.”  

For some hours more, the warrior tried the curator’s knowledge, sometimes listening silently for minutes on end to descriptions of a particular exhibit’s destructive potential, sometimes passing by another exhibit entirely aloof.  

“This, my liege, is the *Ting Ting* from the Plane of Irrepressible Cold – indeed it gave that place the name – if you’ll observe the flashing red glyph on top, that sets in motion an accelerated meteorological action which ultimately plunges a planet into the depths of an endless Winte-“, he stopped, frustrated. Jeremy was clearly not impressed. In fact, he had advanced to the next inlet and was staring agog. The curator followed with a little more liveliness. Like so many previous titans among mortals, undoubtedly Jeremy had stopped to scoff and perhaps laugh at the fifty-seventh exhibit. Finally, some typical behaviour.  

As the curator approached, Jeremy turned to fix him with an expectant gaze. Unnerved, the curator approached the dusty plaque before the artefact and industriously rubbed it with a cloth that he produced from his sleeve. No warrior had ever expected him to read it aloud before.  

“It says, ’It’s dangerous to go alone. Take this.’, almighty leveller of the frail”, said the curator. Jeremy’s face split into a toothy smile, and he strode forward abruptly, seizing the object with valourous impunity. Shocked, the curator turned to watch him leave. He walked with a new sense of purpose, away from the light now. Before he believed it, Jeremy was gone, and the doors at the beginning of the corridor swung shut. 

The curator scrabbled at his belt for a moment, almost frantically, before breathing a sigh of relief and lifting a tattered dog-end to his trembling lips. He crossed the corridor with the air of a beaten animal, a man who had just had his knowledge of the universe challenged in a very fundamental way. Leaning close to the fifty-eighth exhibit briefly, he straightened up and breathed out a ramrod-straight plume of smoke, having lit up using the Wretched Dodecahedron of the Formless Inferno. Finally, he spoke: “Bloody hell.” 
 
Back on Earth, Jeremy gave his new weapon an experimental swing, and smiled. Leaning down, he picked up another object from where it lay, discarded: a horse’s head on a long wooden pole. Tucking the pole between his legs so that the horse’s head was almost level with his forehead, he charged the first foe, dispatching it with a single mighty blow. Not bad, he thought.  

From the kitchen window, Janice peered out at the sudden movement. Just Jeremy. She was looking forward to moving closer to town. Maybe Jeremy could make some friends. His imaginary games were endearing, but she and Bob knew that nothing would ever come of it. There was more to life.   
