1."Why do I even need a soul, anyway?" - asked David, three weeks after his dead, still unable to collect the essence of a living being.

"I'm not sure of the details myself, but it seems you need one to pass on."

"Pass on to where?"

"Who knows? Heaven, Hell, Reincarnation,... I'm just like you, David. I'm still stuck here."

"You said that I'd know which soul is mine should I come across it?"

"Probably. Again, I'm just as clueless as you are."

"You're not really helpful, you know."

"They also said that when I was alive."

"... Sorry."

"It's alright. It's more of a fact than an opinion."

"Anyway, what happens if we never find our soul? Is there a time limit or something?"

"I guess not. Look at Arthur. He's been here for who-knows-how-long."

"Arthur Pendragon?"

"No, just Arthur. He came from a time when there was no need for a last name."

"Must have been aeons ago."

"Yeah, he still retains many characteristics of our less-developed ancestors. His scythe used to be from stone until Zach made him an iron one out of pity."

2.David returned from his conversation with his hooded 'mentor' to his usual routine. There was two main reasons why the man had yet to harvest a single soul. First, he felt uncomfortable about it. But more importantly, he wanted to linger on this plane a little bit more.

David rested his chin on the outside of a window on the hospital's third floor. His wife was inside, rotting from a disease he didn't quite know how to pronounce. The doctors always used such complicated words, like reading poems to an illiterate.

Of course living people could not see nor feel him, but David chose to float in mid-air. If he entered that room, he would have the desire to hold her hands, to kiss her as gently as he could, to hug her tight and assure his love that everything was going to be fine. But what good would it do, for she could not feel his presence. If any, it would only remind him that he is no longer alive, that she was all alone in the struggle against the disease.

'Till death do us part', a pained smile on David's lips, he had always thought he would take care of her until her heart stopped beating, but now he had to watch his wife die, unable to do anything.

3.They had a lot of plans together. The Louvre, the Amazon Forest, the Great Wall,... Lily wanted to see all the world has to offer before her body broke.

"Let's wait until you are better." - David would say. Would. David was no longer here. Not any more.

Lily had never had any desire to continue treatment, for she saw no value in prolonging a caged life within the hospital walls. That was before David was there. She could leave behind her dreams for him, she could take another pill, another injection, another surgery, if it means she could spend another second with him, if it means she could see him in her every waking  moment.

But eternity is a lie and forever a false promise.

4.David was a smart man.

I approached him in the midst of a lovely summer afternoon.

"Do you think visiting the Louvre at this time of the year a good idea?" - he asked, his eyes fixated on Lily.

"Are you spying on her?"

"Are you spying on me?"

"..."

"You know, I've always had a hunch, that you have my soul."

"Is that so?"

"Do you?"

I took out a small blue marble from my pocket. 

"Why?" - he didn't even glance.

"I suppose," - I said, removing my hood - "I wanted my first love to have some meaning."

"Melinda!" - this time he turned around - "I...you..."

"Enough about me. What are you going to do now?"

"I...I..." - he had yet to recover from the shock - "I was thinking about what you did to me."

"So you are going to hide her soul."

"Yeah."

"All the time in the world..." - I muttered to myself, before throwing him a crystal clear marble, along with the blue one. - "A Reaper's tool. Extract her soul into the marble. When you want to pass on, smash it. Tell her the truth, David."

"Thank you." - David said after a while, he grabbed his scythe. - "Is it alright if I do this? I'm not a real Reaper, you know."

"Just return your stuff afterward."

"Thank you." - David repeated, looking into my eyes. - "And I'm sorry, Melinda."

He passed through the wall into the room where his wife had been waiting.

5.David was a smart man, and an innocent boy.

I know, because I took his first kiss and his first time. In turn, he took me to prom.

Our love ended when we went to college at different place. Long-distance relationship didn't work.

Two months later, I passed away. And it was revealed then that I never had a soul. I needed to find one, like my 'mentor' told me.

It was to be said that I was not a particularly diligent Reaper, I spent most of my time watching over David, from the days he was mourning my death to when he married the love of his life. And all those years, I concocted a plan.

When David's time came, I would hide his soul away. He wouldn't be able to pass on, and I would have him all for myself.

Twisted and selfish, I know. He was the only man I had ever loved, and I did want my first love to have some meaning.

But you cannot imprison a heart. Ever since the days I spent watching him, I've known his heart belonged to Lily. And when he died, he never did recognize me. It pained me so.

Did I despise Lily? Very much. But I loved David. And he looked so happy when he was with her...

I watched as the two of them flew away from the hospital...

Maybe eternity is there and forever a promise...
