"It's been a year and look at me. I feel just fine. like... like I was never sick or something. What is going on?" I asked with a little bit of accusing tone. 

It was exactly one and a half year ago when I collapsed on the ground with a sharp pain in my chest. I thought it was a heart attack and my life was going to end right then. We all thought so. 

But I lived. An angel like nurse was the first person I saw when I woke up and the doctor told me I have a heart condition, something about irregular heartbeat, weak pulse and so on. To be honest, everything just went sort of blur after hearing that I had six more months of time here. 

'My family' 

That was the first thought that came to my mind. Six more months. That means I won't be able to take my son fishing like I promised him. That means I won't be able to attend my daughter's piano recital.  That means my wife will probably have to cancel the reservation for anniversary. Only God knows the pain of leaving family behind. Maybe it would had been better if everything ended right there then waiting this death with them. A game that I can never win. 

I decided not to tell my family. Not yet at least. I didn't want to break down crying in front of them. I don't want them to remember me as someone in sorrow and pain.

I never got brave enough to tell them...

Fortunately death didn't come for me after six months. In fact, I have been told my condition has improved slightly and I can expect my heart to last one more year. I've been visiting my doctor every months and every time, he asks me rather unusual questions such as "Where did you go fishing? caught anything good?"  "Are you excited about your daughter's piano recital? what song is she going to play?" "Where did you make reservation for your anniversary? How was the food there?" I mean, I have never been told I was going to die before so I just assume he is preparing me mentally for my inevitable death. 

However, I am not going to put up with this anymore. Every time I visit, he just asks me about my daily life and no check\-up or treatment. Not even a pill for god's sake! It was as if we are two buddies just catching up. No. Today I am going to find out what is happening to my body. 

"Every time I visit, you just ask me few questions and that's it. I need to know the progress doc. I mean, am I getting better or are you gonna make another prediction here?" 

He took his eyes off from my chart and looked at me. I never noticed he has such a blue eyes. 

"Well, we can measure your pulse again if you want but at this stage, there really isn't much we can do you know" 

"No, don't give me that again. You have used all doctor cliche. 'this pill is working exceptionally well for you!' 'Glad to hear you are exercising, I'm sure that played a role' 'well, we doctors don't know everything you know. we are just humans under white gowns.' You have officially used all of them so, please, just tell me what is going on with my body" I asked eagerly. 

"Alright John, just one last question for you then. How are you doing?" he asked sincerely. 

"I... I am great doc. When you first told me I had six months to live, I honestly thought maybe it would be better to end things then. I think I was too devastated by things I didn't and couldn't do. But after six months, I was given another year and I realized it wasn't too late to do them now. I spent glorious time with my family, finally finished my painting, apologized to my sister and you know, general appreciation for everything. I still haven't told my family but I think it's better this way. If I told them, I would had been forced to spend all those time attached to machine or something"

"I'm really happy to hear that John." He said with a warm smile.

"So, tell me doc. How is my heart holding on?" 

"Would you say... that you have no regret now...?" He ignored my question completely. I thought about it for few seconds and answered.

"No. No regrets. Not anymore"

"Alright John. Let me tell you what really happened then" If this was movie, a sudden suspenseful background music must have started right about now.

"What? what is it doc?" I leaned in. I didn't even intend to do that.

"Your heart... it stopped 18 months ago" 

"Yea... it's called heart attack..?" I said sarcastically.

"No, not a heart attack. A death. You died there John." He ignored my tone and continued.

"And you brought it back remember?"

"I did. But I am not a doctor."

I paused. 

Wouldn't you?

"What? Did you just say you are not a doctor? What's going on here?"

"I brought you back to life so you would... let's say 'do more stuff' here"
I didn't know what to say. Well, actually, I did know what I wanted to say but I couldn't. Is my D.O.C trying to tell me that he is actually G.O.D? 

"When you came back after six months, you told me there were still few things you were looking forward to. I wasn't supposed to but I gave you one more year. A time that I thought was enough for you to have no regret. And I was... very happy to see you were doing just that"'

I wanted to call his bluff but something happened. We were not sitting in his office anymore. In a blink of an eye, I was sitting in a white room. And my doctor, he was not a doctor anymore. He is... indescribable...

Then something else happened. Rather than tell me, he showed me. All my memory of last 18 months rushed back to me in a nanosecond. Suddenly, I remembered and felt everything all at once. And a familiar warm voice came to me.

"Are you ready John?"

I nodded. 