Where to begin ... I guess I should say that I'm thirty-five years old. At least I think im still 35 years old. Time has become a distant memory at this point. A lot of things have become distant memories. I, for example, cannot for the life of me remember where I used to work. I haven't been back there in ages. There's not really been a point. In fact, I don't really see the point in any of this. 



 

I guess I should start at the beginning. When this all started I was 35. Actually if you want to get really technical it all started billions of years before that when Planet Death (officially known as planet PZ-17X) formed. But this is no time to get technical. I had referred to it as Planet Death for about the fifteen or so years prior to my 35th birthday. Oh and that's an interesting side note Planet Death was set to obliterate all life as we know it on my birthday. In fact it was at my birthday party. Come to think of it it was when they brought out my birthday cake. It was weird celebrating a birthday knowing that in just hours we'd all be dead. But what was really weird was celebrating it at 6:50 in the morning because none of the scientific models could accurately predict exactly WHEN life was going to end. See, if Planet Death (wait let's call it PD for short. Hey I kind of like that PD ... Petey.  Well now it has a first name). Anyway if Petey had been smaller it would have crashed into earth and and sent shockwaves all around. But since it was just about as large as Earth it meant that both planets would essentially be ripped apart only to recongeal later as a new planet, with a center of mass at the Langevin point between the two planets. As a result, the models did not know exactly what point in time various points would be affected by this shredding. So my family and friends decided to give me one last birthday party before we got ripped apart. I remember it like it was yesterday, which is somewhat strange to say because I guess it's still technically 7:02 am because nothing has moved since they brought me the cake. 




I didn't know what to wish for. I never did. But today it hit me. I just wished that I could stop Petey from killing everyone I knew and then I blew out the candles. All thirty-five of them in one breath. I'd always heard if you didn't get it in one breath then the wish wouldn't come true and I wasn't about to play around once I made my wish. It's weird.  Every once in a while I still walk back to the dining room and toucan see the smoke blowing out from the candles.  I don't know if it was my wish or just random chance or if I have some higher purpose, but I blew out the candles and then Tim just sort of stopped. 




I thought I died. I figured Petey had killed us all and that I was in the afterlife. Then I noticed the weird text right on my forearm. At first it was barely legible but then after a while it became almost bright enough to read by.   