A fresh vernal wind swept across the rolling hills of the valley before Maribelle, trailing through the grass like a big invisible broom. The western sun was retiring behind the distant trees, leaving the sky behind it with brilliant lavender and orange hues. She was expected home for supper, but this was certainly the most magical of hours - she would make up for her absence with chores. She didn't mind. Dusk was that special time where two worlds collided, where the mysterious and fantastic could dance with the mundane. She brushed back a lock of her soft, sandy hair; the corners of her mouth barely upturned to express her ambivalent content with the moment. The golden, celestial ball of fire casting her pale skin in the soft hues of peaches. How long a day felt, and yet how quickly the sun retreated. Its these little windows in time that made life so surreal, that truly made one question what they were doing in life. It was gazing out through these 'windows' when Maribelle was certain there was something inexplicable behind the curtains. It was this evening that she would learn how clear her intuition really was. As the shadows of the distant woodland rushed across the fields like sheep herded into a kennel, she decided it was time to head back to the farm. 

She took one last glance at the deepening indigo sky before turning about - and something shook in her periphery. For a moment, she had thought, there was a tall man standing to the north, but she decided the short spruce sapling standing in his place was the culprit, and her primal mind was merely playing the tricks of the night on her. Still, she stared. The little spruce's trunk only had a few branches around its midsection, which were mostly barren, giving the eerie semblance of wiry arms waving at her. The chill of darkness crept up her spine with a shudder as she tried to calm the paranoia plaguing her pulse. Scanning what would be at her backside once more before heading home, she thought of the folk tales of fairies and watchers in the woods. Unable to calm her heartbeat, she began her own retreat. A waning moon provided meager eggshell lighting, but enough to see the ground before her as she troded through grass on her bare feet. She had stood upon the same slope to watch the sunset for as long as she lived in the countryside, she knew the path back and expected to see the faint glow of the victorian house any moment.

She felt like the minutes were stretching out like dough for pasta. She should have seen the house by now. She should have /been/ there by now. Had she taken a wrong turn? No, no, she didn't, she knew she was headed due east. It felt as though she was being hunted, like some awful beast of the night was stalking her defenseless form. She slowed her pace, glancing up at the sky. She felt the blood drain from her face at the sight of the overcast that had collected and occulted the stars above. She spun around, unable to pick out any defining landmarks to gather her bearings. The sweet breeze faded and a dense, cool fog began to crawl from the shadows, splashing at her feet. Panic was spilling into her soul. What was happening? Was this the infamous madness that consumed people in the myths of the wilderness? Tears pooled in her eyes as her breath staggered and her legs went weak. Would someone come looking? And if so, who? Nobody knew where she went in the evening, only that she enjoyed her walks. She felt entirely helpless.

Suddenly, like the night was answering her inner dialogue, a tall, silhouetted figure began to manifest in the haze before her. The temperature dropped to a brisk sting she felt in her lungs. She could see her breath before her and her skin rippled with goose flesh. She heard the muffled crunching of the approaching figure through the chilled grass. "You needn't fear. Your distress smells of forgotten fruit," a baritone voice like the low rumbling of distant cavalry cooed to her. 

"W-what? Who are you?" Maribelle called out, trembling, taking a step back. She found the stranger's comment offputting but her head was spinning too hard to decipher it. The character stepped into Maribelle's visible range, revealing a flowing, loose, white cloak and cowl draped over a man's frame in a simple black suit, a billowing white beard pouring forth from under the hood. In his left hand, a staff, slightly taller than the man himself with a slender blade arcing from the tip. "I've been addressed by many a name from your kind," he replied in a measured tone. He reached his right hand up to his cowl and drew it back, a shiny black skull like obsidian and haunting green eyes glowing from its sockets down at Maribelle. "Rexus Mundi, Kronos, Saturn, Yama, Anubis, Satan, the Grim Reaper.." he kneeled before Maribelle, propping himself against his harvester, his penetrating, unblinking eyes peering into hers. "Death."

Maribelle's whole being was paralyzed, the stranger before her had just claimed to be, in her mind, the most evil spirit in the universe. "I prefer misunderstood," he said aloud, as though he was in her mind. "In a way, I am. And you're in mine. But that's a story for another hour." Her veins felt like ice, she struggled to process what the being was saying. She was struggling to hold on to any shred of reality she had left. "Worry not. It isn't necessary for you to understand." He looked away from her to reach from within his robe and pull out a small silver pocket watch, hooked by a chain to the lip of his vest pocket; a disproportionately loud ticking like a train's steady clicking down rails. Maribelle squinted her eyes at it. Death looked back up at her, "It's gotten late. This is yours." He gestured with the watch in his right hand, "I have one for every soul that manifests in this realm. Every man, woman, child, beast, plant, and atom. It's about to be your time, you see." He stood up, once again looming over Maribelle.

"I'm going to die?" she whimpered. She didn't know if she should be scared or sad or angry. She was drained, her mind was buzzing, almost numb. "You are," he replied in leveled confirmation, his voice like harmonizing thunder storms. "Did I do something wrong? I-I felt so healthy.." she cast her eyes down at her hands. "It's not like that. You humans make up bewildering rules for yourselves. It's honestly maddening. I'm not a function of judgement, there are other agents for such tasks." He waved his watch-bearing hand dismissively, "No, this is a matter of cycles, a principle of rhythm - not a petty trade of karma or ethics. Even then, they who maintain such balances aren't concerned with arbitrary concepts of morality." 

Maribelle looked back up to his hypnotizing, candle flame eyes. "What will happen to me?" her voice throat tensing, caught on fear of uncertainty. Death shrugged,  glancing again at the watch before placing it in his pocket. "I cannot say. I am bound to this realm more so than you were in life." His reply bringing her no peace, her consciousness searched for something that Death may elaborate upon to ease her. "It doesn't hurt, I am gentle should you surrender to the fate I hold for you," he offered. She wanted to deny him, she didn't want to die. "What is the scythe for, then?" Death shifted his endless gaze over to the tool, leaning it out before him, seeming to ponder something in its metallic reflection. "The souls who resist," he stated coldly. Maribelle shivered at the answer. 

Suddenly the deep metronome of her timekeeper in Death's pocket halted, replaced by an angelic chiming, like the most holy grandfather clock she had ever heard. "Its time. Take a deep death." Maribelle couldn't help but stifle an ambivalent giggle. Here she was, confronted with the end and Father Time was making bad puns. Maybe it won't be so bad. She closed her eyes, her body was exhausted, like it was heavy with a massive sleep. She breathed deep, the soft breeze caressing her. Death leaned in, holding her at the nape, his touch light and surprisingly soothing. "Embrace me." he commanded. Maribelle lifted her arms, getting heavier and heavier, and wrapped them into Death's robes, melting against him. "Goodnight, Maribelle," he whispered, and kissed tenderly her forehead. In an instant, it was over, the chiming bells ceased with a reverb on their final note, and Maribelle forgot she ever even was. 