My mother would hold me in the dark hours before dawn, on those nights when I woke screaming and sweating and shivering. She would tell me, over and over, that none of it was real, that I was safe, that she loved me. One of those nights, after a long, tearful silence, she told me that I will only know true fear when I am a mother myself.

I didn't even know I was pregnant when the nightmares started. They were nothing like the terrors of my childhood imagination, those monsters that peered from shadows when I was tired and alone. Neither light nor loving touch could banish these.

They came in the night at first, as they had done in my childhood. Sweat and tears and ringing ears, then the stinging brightness of the bathroom light and the cold splash of water on my face.

I was more delighted than disturbed the first time they followed me into daylight. I even posted to Instagram a photo of my toast, the oddly burnt slice with the uncanny likeness of a dragon. I had to email it to my parents, too. My mom shares my wild imagination and loves the little miracles in life.

After that, I started seeing them everywhere. I posted four or five more photos that week. A smudge on a wall. A piece of driftwood I found on the beach. A candid shot of that night's bonfire, the flames twisting in that moment to form a dragon in flight. Dragons.

I have been seeing them more and more often in the months since. Now I know, the dragons and the nightmares are one and the same. They echo my fears, or cause them, I don't know which. My Facebook friends send me photos, two hundred in as many days. A car wreck in Mumbai, a sculpture in New Mexico, a rock formation my friends saw on their Iceland honeymoon. Dragons, unmistakably, and they seem to be getting bigger. I can't look at them now, though my mother begs me to. She's as enchanted by the dragons as she is by my ultrasounds and growing baby bump. Phenomenal, she calls it, starry-eyed. A miracle. She sees destiny. I see doom.

I've been on maternity leave for six weeks. I wanted to save it for after the baby's born, but I'm in no condition to work right now. I haven't been for a while, with the headaches and vomiting and, above all, the fears. I see dragons everywhere, day and night, in my peripherals. I hear them, beating their leathery wings, screeching in the distance. I catch whiffs of smoke and burnt meat.

I wish they wouldn't call me hysterical, that my imagination is overactive, my fears overblown. My own family hears me talk about rising global temperatures and dangerous, unsustainable business practices, and they don't listen anymore. They look to my growing belly like it's the full moon, coaxing my inner beast out into the night.

My nightmares are not the imaginings of a child. They are not the monsters of the night come out drag me down into some personal hell. These monsters are human, as all monsters are. This hell is human, it belongs to all of us, and we all belong to it. I'm not afraid of death or darkness. I'm afraid of the coming doom. I'm afraid to bring a child into such a world as this.

My fears are dragons, and they surround me. They lie under every bed and chair, they lurk in every drain, they scratch at every window. They hold me closer and tighter than my lover, so tight and strong they threaten to strangle me in the sheets, to smother me in my sleep, or to drown me in the bath. Some nights they slither into my belly to devour my child and drain my blood into the sheets and carpet and hungry soil, and I hate myself for wishing they would.

My mother won't see it. She sees different dragons, the ones I painted on the walls and ceiling of the coming baby's bedroom. They are fanciful creatures, green and blue and violet, amidst verdant hills and fluffy clouds and a starry sky.  I won't tell her they scare me more than the fearsome charcoal beasts I washed away and painted over. There is an odd comfort in hell-beasts, in the simple stories of the horrors of death, in the power of evil and the heroes who face it all with sword in hand. Our truest, direst challenges have no skin to penetrate, no heart to pierce.

I wasn't due until the end of the month, but I knew I shouldn't have walked so far down the beach. I was lost in thought, following a pattern the outgoing tide had left in the sand. It looked like scales. Only after I felt the first contraction, I noticed there were no other people on the beach, odd even for a Monday in February. Then I saw the dragon on the horizon.

It was huge and golden, like a sunrise from the wrong direction. As it came closer, it rose higher and higher above the surface, transforming from a vague lump into a glittering hulk. It shimmered as it breathed a hot, wet, summer gale, blowing sand into my eyes and the smell of ash into my nose. Its voice was too deep for my ears to hear, but loud enough for me to feel in my chest.

"What will become of this child?" I felt it ask me, or felt myself ask it. "A slave? A refugee? A victim?" I saw these futures and more in its huge, gleaming, emerald eyes, each as terrible as the last. My child, enslaved. Killed. Lonely, heartbroken, afraid. Angry, vengeful, afraid. Ambitious, successful, afraid. An iron dragon. A black dragon. A stone dragon. A red dragon. A golden dragon.

Thirty, forty, fifty years from now. A broken child in a broken world, a broken child in a broken world, a broken child in a broken world. Then, the last vision. A monarch unlike any before, on the back of a golden dragon whose every scale is a face, wide-eyed, full of hope and horror. Millions of people stood before the awesome sight, exclaiming in desperation, "We will be your slaves!" But the dragon said, "We need no slaves, begone," and left them to be swallowed by the sea.

Dear child, you will be born today, you've made that clear. I'm breathless and aching, running through sand for you. Though I wish and hope and try, I cannot hide you from hurt, from fear, from doom. Grim and terrible monsters will hunt you all your life, and you may well become one yourself. You may even be the worst of them all, to let your ephemeral life leave a lasting stain of death upon the Earth. No matter what, as long as I live, I will love you. No matter what, as long as I live, I will fear for you.