The thud of boots, in infrequent stagger, echoed through the long, wide corridors of the seaside cave, accompanied by the ragged breaths of the man who wore them. His armor was tattered, his helm cast aside, black hair, tangled and stained by rain, sweat, and blood, hung in matted curls down to his neck. A rapier still hung at his belt, just below the hole in his breastplate, pierced by musket shot, the cloth beneath a dark red. With one hand he held his side, it burned to the touch with the fire of wicked infection. He would not make it far. He looked to his other arm, and the child, less than a day old and swaddled in cloth, her face a restless sleep. He kept on, staggering into the cavern.
“Avayorn! Avayorn! Hear me lady Avayorn!” 

“Speak. Knight.”
Came a hard voice, the reptilian rasp booming through the halls, from everywhere and nowhere. 
“Milady, please, hear your humble servant’s plea. The city of Gosha lies in flames, the matriarch is dead in childbirth. Riots sweep the streets, as even now the fleets of house Valre sweep into the harbor, disgorging their riflemen and cannon into the streets.”

“And you have come to beg my aid? Bearing a child as sacrifice? What monsters do you think we are, ape? I care nothing for the Patriarch or his house, nor their struggles with house Valre, so long as the victors pay their taxes. Nor am I some mercenary, like a lowly landschneckt of Ubito or Acadia, to be swayed even by all the gold in your treasury, least of all by some infant!” The dragonness’s rage echoed throughout the halls, waking the child who began to wail, only for her cries to be silenced just as they left her mouth, as though a great hand had snatched the sound from the air. 

“No. No. I ask not that you destroy my houses, my master’s house’s, enemies, merely…” He staggered in his words, overcome by his wound and choking emotion. “That you would protect his daughter.”

The sounds echoed through the cave, resounding and echcoing, and the echoes built, a low roar, that grew until it was a wall of noise so great that the air shook, and with a sound like a thousand cannons, Avayorn, the sonic dragoness, emerged from the resounding clamor in all her glory. 
“DO NOT LIE TO ME, PATRIARCH LUCIUS MALVORA!” 
The raw crash of sonic magics emanating from the dragoness threw the knight off his feet and onto his back, he covered the infant with his arms, keeping her from harm as she wailed silently. The illusions shaken away from his form, and worse yet, his daughters, the lord of Gosha looked with his distinctive purple eyes past his hooked, noble nose at the dragoness. He had seen her only once before, and even then she had taken a more humanoid form, a scaled woman clad in resprendent battled dress as she placed the crown upon his head and the scepter in his hand with supreme disinterest, as she declared him her steward over Gosha. Now though, he saw her in her true form, a massive reptile, covered in brass scales gleaming and shaking even in the dim light, her own violet eyes glaring down at him, the pupils long since subsumed to the torrential magics that flowed through her veins. Her wings, almost as wide as she was tall, stretched over her body, flared in rage.

Her next words were a hiss of indignant fury. “I am feeling merciful today, Patriarch. So I will give you one chance to explain the situation that drove you to make such a suicidally stupid move as to try to use those petty illusions of yours to deceive me, before I turn you into a stain on my floor.”

In response, Lucius lowered his daughter’s swaddling cloth, revealing chemical green scales that ran along her neck and body.

“Vercingetorix.” Snarled the dragoness in disgust. “Once more he makes me regret my mercies towards him.” 

The patriarch merely nodded. “The nurse threw her elder brother from the window before I could stop her, and I could not find his body. The maid altered the populace and now a riot consumes my home and my city. I do not fear the loss of my throne, nor my life, nor my riches nor anything else. But I will not lose my daughter as well, no matter what it takes.”

The dragoness snorted, “She is quite plainly not your daughter, and do you humans not place a great deal of worth on your bloodlines, not that many of them hold anything worthwhile in the first place.”

The patriarch looked at her with a stare that would bend gravity upwards if he so chose. “She is my daughter. And I will do whatever you ask that she be protected. I will not see the sufferings of my grandfather repeat here.” 

Ah, so there is a bit of the divine blood in him after all, I had always wondered. Avayorn thought. “Cease your begging, she is blood of the divine, and I will not see our great kind diminish any further. Go now, attend to your war, or your death, as your will would have it. The girl is mine, and I shall guard her as such.”

Lucius nodded. He would not thank her, not for taking his daughter, but he at least she would be safe, perhaps even happy. He bowed to the dragoness and kissed his daughter goodbye. The thunderclap of Avayorn shifting echoed through the cave, and the scaled woman who had put the crown on his head stood before him once more. He gave her his daughter, not quite yet weeping, there would be time enough for that later, and turned to leave. He went a few steps before turning back to the dragoness and her child.

“Her name is Ruth.” He said, almost a last request more so than a statement. The dragoness considered her steward for a moment, and his anguish touched her. Perhaps Alarak’s words really had begun to change her, she though briefly. “Her name is Ruth.” She replied, as she looked down upon her new daughter. “Ruth…”. 