The T-800 quickly found Jon Snow while he was still a teenager frolicking around with his family and dad. Befriending him by pretending to be a giant werewolf, he secretly watched over the Stark family for years until Ned Stark was finally called to serve the king. Jon begged dad not to go but Ned had to his duties to fulfill. Luckily Jon convinced T-800, now wolfman thanks to the faceless ones magic, to protect his father.

Though the king did die during the hunt, wolfman made sure that bratty kid never had a chance to cut off Ned's head. Instead Ned became King, and Jon still didn't know what it meant that he was the leader of the rebellion until Cersei allied with Daenerys to invade Ned's kingdom using the power of the Drogo mongols. But T-800 literally killed nearly all of them as he couldn't be scratched by their shitty weapons. 

Arya then falls in love with wolfman and Jon finds out she's part vampire and shit. Brann goes off on a journey (he never broke his legs) to cure Arya's vampire traits (so she stops lusting after wolfman T-800) mainly because Brann wants a piece of wolfman's action if you know what I mean wink wink.

John Connor on the other hand sends another T-800 back in time correctly this time. But after T-800 saves young Connor thus changing history forever and saving the world, they decide to milk the shit out of his legendary story. So they create Skynetollywood Pictures and start cranking out cash grab movies making sure to reboot the series every 8 years. Its terrible.

Wolfman on the otherhand eventually becomes Jon's right hand man who is now king and somehow married Daenerys so shes Queen so everyone's cool except Melisandre who's now trapped in a love triangle because shes a slut like Cersei.

Oh and Drogo gives up on Daenerys (he never was really into thin women anyways) and adopts a Corgi. In a twist of events he becomes the new Captain of the White Guard along with werewolf man who subsequently is banging Arya. Sorry Bran, you don't get to be a Lannister in this story.