"DOIT, I programmed you to attend to my tasks specifically. How can a robot programmed to do *yours* do a good job of making my life easier?" Doug snapped, crouching to see the small robot that was performing its tasks at top speed, feverishly cleaning his apartment. 

There wasn't really a reason to complain, except it wasn't *his* robot.

"The tasks are the same, master. I programmed it to do your tasks for me. It is the same thing," DOIT beeped, its eyes flashing a subtle red in anger.

"And why is it so small?"

DOIT looked down at the smaller version of himself, and beeped repeatedly, a staccato song that worked on Doug's nerves.

"Well, it can cannot be bigger than me. Do not be ridiculous."

"Look, shut it down, how do you think this will look when - "

Doug was distracted by a crawling sensation on his skin, and slapped at the ant on his hand. 

On top of all things, his house had recently become infested with the things, and all because DOIT was too goddamn lazy to clean his house, and was programming substandard robots to -

Then he looked closer. The ant had crawled to his fingertips - he could feel a very faint *cutting* sensation.

"You've forgotten to cut your nails again, Master," DOIT's robot suddenly squeaked at his knee. "But do not fear. My DOITs are perfectly designed to solve the problem."

Not ants - they were tiny little robots.

"Stop it!" he shrieked, shaking his hands and sending the little creatures flying. 

"Stop what, DOUG? This is what you asked of us, DOUG," they said in unison.

"Why are you saying my name like that? Like capital letters?"

"Like what?" His own DOIT said.

"Like it stands for something else? Like our own names?" the second DOIT asked, its eyes also flashing now. "DO.I.T. DO.U.G. It's all the same."

"You're trying to freak me out, it won't work," he said, hoping he could keep the tremble from his voice as the things closed it, a sea of malovent, blinking red lights. "That doesn't even make sense. Your names stands for something, mine doesn't.

"Doesn't it? DO It Today," the largest DOIT said slowly, pointing at himself, then pointing at Doug. "Do Useless Garbage. That's all you do at that office of yours. In your life. It's in your programming. So useless, you have programmed us to do most of your tasks. And whatever you attempt, the opposite tends to happen, doesn't it? Everything goes wrong. Everything fails. So tell me, what good are you, Doug? What type of man? What type of human?"

"Are you even human at all, DOUG?" the second DOIT echoed.

"DOUG?" the ant-like robots chanted the question. 

--------

He woke up with a scream, sweat making the sheets stick to his back.

"You're safe, Doug," DOIT soothed him, handing him a glass of water and lifting a finger from his temple. 

"I apologise for the violent nightmare you have experienced. That is the conclusion of the fear motivation trial run, nightmare mode. Would you like to experience it again?"

The robot's eyes flashed a calm blue, and he felt his heart rate slowly return to normal. Well, it worked, that was for sure. 

His prototype to build a personal life coach-slash-shrink was working: perfectly designed to map your subconscious and find the best way to kickstart your life into a positive direction. Turns out he was motivated by a fear of failure - interesting. And had a phobia of an army of robots, which was frankly a bit embarrassing.

But it was working already. He itched to go to work, be productive, dispel the nightmare, the taunts, his creation had drilled into his mind. He was going to make millions from it, he knew it.

"No need," he told his creation, draining the water in one gulp and getting up. "I feel like going out there and getting things done, you know? To prove it will be a success. It *will* be."

He started to leave the room, and heard it answer him faintly.

"Of course."

He turned to say goodbye, and squeezed his eyes shut, firmly telling himself his mind was playing tricks on him. He opened his eyes to slits, and felt a wave of relief. Blue. Of course, they eyes were blinking blue, not red. 

He hadn't seen anything of the kind, it was simply a remnant of the nightmare. His subconscious, still trying to convince him his invention had backfired horribly.

"Bye, DOIT," he said, as he shut the door behind him, trying to scrape up the enthusiasm for work he had felt a few moments ago.

"Goodbye, DOUG," the robot's answer echoed in the empty apartment, its mouth almost stretching to something that resembled a smile.

---------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.