Whenever Doug came back to the city, he always stopped at the brick filling station at the edge of the limits.  He liked to eat a small bag of corn chips and drink a Diet Coke before he changed into his bear costume and lumbered back into crime fighting mode.  He also liked to visit with Marty, the owner of the station, who despite being quite far removed from the city always seemed to have a heads up on the latest debauchery.  Marty's wife made the best fried pies.

There was a small line at the counter.  Doug took his place at the end and looked up at the security television that reflected him standing there.  His beard had come in gray this time which made him realize how long he'd been gone.

"Please, go ahead," said the woman in front of him.

"It's all right," said Doug.  "No hurry."

"I insist," she said as she moved behind him.

The little old man now ahead of him conceded his spot too, much to Doug's demurring.  A bit baffled, he stood across the counter from Marty, who cocked his head and peered at him just beyond the boundary of recognition.

"Marty, it's me, Doug.  Don't you recognize me?"

Marty's eyes widened and a smile came to his lips.

"It's been so long.  I can hardly recognize you!  Where have you been?" asked Marty.

"A vacation, I suppose.  Maybe more like a retirement.  I suppose I lost track of time."

Doug placed his chips and soda on the counter.  With the automation of a long time clerk, Marty pecked the buttons on the register.  Doug felt the urge to reach out and hug him, to turn this into a rightful homecoming.

"Five million dollars, even," said Marty.

Doug laughed, admitting that he didn't have that much on him.  He took a five dollar bill out of his wallet and extended it across the counter.

"Will this cover it?" he asked playfully.

Marty took the bill and stared down at it as one might look at an old toy.

"I haven't seen one of these in a long, long time.  Where'd you even get it?"

Doug, honestly confused, shrugged.  He was about to speak when the front door chimed and a kid, probably fifteen, walked through the door and wove immediately to the back aisle.  Marty raised his index finger to ask for a moment.  He then reached under the counter and produced a mop handle, about four feet long, sharpened to a barbaric point at one end.  With silent white sneakers, Marty sneaked around the counter and hid behind the magazine rack near the doors.  The boy hurried back up the aisle, clutching a small box in his hand, and turned the corner to make his exit.  Marty lunged, catching his shirt on the corner of the wire rack, causing it to come crashing down in clatter of metal and magazines.  The boy then clutched the middle of the mop handle with both hands, right at the point where Marty had buried it in his chest.

"Marty!  You've killed him!" cried Doug.

Marty dumped the boy on the ground, planted his foot, and pulled free his makeshift spear.  Reaching down, he saved the little cardboard box from the pooling blood and held it up so Doug could see.

"He's been coming in here and stealing the headache powder.  Finally caught the little bugger."

Doug, his muscled arms hanging limply at his sides, gaped as Marty returned the box to its place and came back behind the counter.  He took the rag from the soapy bucket, wiped his hands clean, and it was suddenly business as usual.

"Marty," said Doug, "I'm going to have to take you in."

"Take me in?" asked Marty, taken aback.  "To where?  For what?"

"To jail!  For murder!"

Marty shook his head softly as one might pitifully listen to the rather useless questions of an amnesiac.  He then looked past Doug to the people waiting patiently behind him.

"Take it, friends.  It's on the house today."

The other customers quietly returned the items to their places on the shelves and filed out of the store, stepping instinctively over the bloodied linoleum.  Marty locked the front doors and turned the sign to closed.

"Come on, Bear," he said, motioning to the staircase that led up to his apartment above the store.  "There's things you need to know."