It happened on a rainy Tuesday, as I was walking back from school.  I felt a powerful movement near my chest, like a sudden gust of wind. Then something hit me, and it all went black.

I woke up feeling absolutely fine.  I had been warned by my dad that this happens after an accident. It takes a while for the pain to set in because your body is in shock.  If this happens, just lie down and wait to be rescued.  So I did.

I could hear people walking past, and the rain falling near my face.  The crowd seemed excited.  I heard footsteps to my left.  "What a gorgeous car", said one girl.  "It's a Maserati.  No wonder everyone stopped to admire it", responded another.  

No one was paying attention to me, and laying under the rain gets old pretty fast.  So I ignored my dad's advice, and stood up.  It felt okay.  I quickly checked myself.  I seemed fine.  No blood, no dust, no nothing.  I looked quite good actually.

I walked towards the Maserati.  It glistened in the rain.  No wonder  everyone was admiring it.  What rude people though.  No one acknowledged my presence, or would move to let me get closer so I could see it better.

Anyway, it was getting late, time to get on my way.  With a brisk walk, I quickly caught up with the two girls from earlier.  I recognised Eva, from swim class.  I like her.  So I shouted as I went past, "Hey Eva, nice car, eh!".  She froze to death and stared right through me.  "Did you hear that?" she whispered to her friend.  "Hear what?  Another one of your 'voices', Eva?"  She chuckled, and dragged Eva away.  I stood there in shock.  What had just happened?

Then I noticed her.  A beautiful girl was standing across the street, seemingly oblivious to the rain.  She had the shiniest golden hair I had ever seen, and a broad, peaceful smile.  I instantly forgot all about Eva, fascinated.  She hopped towards me with no hesitation, and said "Hey! So you turned invisible too?"

"Of course not!" I said.  "What a silly idea".  And then it dawned on me.  She was right.  The crowd had completely blanked me.  I had terrified Eva.  I was invisible.  Oh well, at least this beautiful girl noticed me.

"Okay, maybe a little."  I acknowledged.  "And how do you know?"  She stared right at me and uttered "Name's Azrail.  It's my job to know. Come with me."  She grabbed my hand and we walked to the park nearby.  We sat on a bench.

I couldn't help thinking she looked really, really beautiful.  I noticed her big, blue, almost angelic eyes.  There was deep sadness to them.  Maybe she had been invisible for too long...

We sat on the bench in silence for a while.  The rain stopped.  A rainbow appeared.  "Here it is", she said, "The covenant.  Let's go!"  I was flabbergasted and a bit nervous.  "Go where?".

Her deep melancholic eyes looked straight at me: "You'll see.  I think you'll like it.  People you know are waiting for you."