Hey guys, first time posting and not in my native language so please be nice :)

He felt the call. Death was drawn to the place where he was needed and before he could actually prepare himself, he was already at his destination. He stood on a road in a normal, more rural neighborhood. He could see a couple of houses with freshly cut lawns. Dread filled him when he laid his eye upon the scene that had demanded his attention. Nothing moved. The time for mortals stopped when a soul needed to part from the body.

Slowly he stept over the fallen bicycle, a small pink one, decorated with a few flowers. He did not need to step over it. The bicycle was not of his part of the world, but still he automatically lifted his feet while he was looking around. He didn't want to admit that he knew for what he came. There was still a lingering of hope that it would not become such a day.

He passed the car that was stopped diagonally across the road. He saw the look of terror in the eyes of the driver. At the other side of the road he saw a mother. Her hair obviously done hasty this morning. A small child, maybe one year old had just woken and was in the middle of starting a wail, which would probably not be heard by the mother. 

Death no longer avoided what needed to be done. He tried to put a warm smile on his face, but dread made the lines in his face only deeper. He looked back at the side of the car he just passed. He looked down and there she was. A little girl. Maybe just three years old. She wore a small pink dress. She looked alone. She could no longer see the scene around here. She already passed partly out of the mortal world. 

Death took a deep breath, faced the girl and lowered himself to his knees. 'Hello there little girl' he said 'What's your name?' Fear widened the big brown eyes ever further. Death was not a very handsome man and especially frightening for a girl who does not understand where she is.
'Holly' she said softly. 'Well hello Holly, are you okay?' Death immediately knew that this had been the wrong question and he cursed himself that even after all these years he was still terrible with children. 

'Where is mommy?' Holly asked. 
'Your mother will come to you some day, darling, but for now you have to come with me. One day I will bring your mother to you.' 
'But I want my mommy and I want to be with Pickle!'
Death was caught of his guard: 'You want a pickle?'
'Nooo!! I want my Pickle and I want my mommy!'
Death did his best effort to put on a comforting smile on his face and outstretched his hand. 'Please little girl, there is no need to cry. Please! just come with me.' He begged. 

But fear had taken over the little girl, she looked Death in the eye and started to move away from him. 'I WANT MOMMY! Mommy says that i should not go with strange men!' 
This, exactly these kind of scene made that wish that he could stay with the dead. He felt that he was needed at already a hundred other places on Earth. An ancient sadness filled his whole body when he had to put his ultimatum. He knew that it never worked for small children. Only adult understood what he meant. 'Girl you can come with me now willingly or I will have to part your soul from this world the painful way.'
I JUST WANT TO GO HOMEEE! was the girls last cry before Death reached for his scythe from the underworld and reaped the little girls soul. 

As soon as the soul and body where separated, the world around him started to move again. He needed to get away. Not only because he was no part of this moving world, but also because he had no desire to see the mother's pain. Before he left he heard a dog bark. A chocolate labrador. 'That would be Pickle...' he said softly to himself, before he was drawn to his next appointment. 
