"Shit. Shit. Shit. Shitshitshitshit..." he sputtered, pacing back and forth. He was frantically fiddling with something that appeared to be a fake Rolex that most likely was not a watch at all.

I had no idea what was going on, but I knew Death was not okay.

--
I thought my life had peaked in weirdness when I, um, you know, died. But that just the beginning. It turns out that all of the religions are true. Like, all of them. Or at least a lot of them? Not in the way you're picturing. Not in a way I ever could have pictured. After what felt like weeks passing through a cavern of impossible terrors, I found myself on a ferry ride to yet another random meadow. A surprising amount of my post-life existence has been spent on fucking ferries to meadows. Like they were all different ferries and meadows? I try to be culturally sensitive, but a weirdass afterlife meadow is a weirdass afterlife meadow. At least the ferry drivers are pretty chatty sometimes. They reminded me of cabbies back home. Finally, I get to this dude with a scale? It was a whole thing. Next think I know, I'm on a bench in Union Square. At first I was like, oh thank god, I was just drugged. I briefly considered this was the first time in history a woman had been grateful to wake up barefoot in a park in Manhattan with no idea how she got there. I wandered towards the west of the park and realized I had never seen the city so quiet. I wasn't in Union Square. I wasn't *anywhere.* The ground wasn't cold. The dirt wasn't...dirty. Then it hit me, this is my heaven! New York City without any of the fucking people! Only, there was another person. A chess hustler was at a table along the edge of the park. Spoiler Alert: this wasn't my heaven. 

"Hello!" he cheerfully yelled out to me. "This isn't New York!" he said as though I hadn't just cleared like 5 other boss levels. "Yeah, I kinda put that together!" I yelled back. I was still a good 300 feet away from him. I hesitated. In quieter moments, I wondered if my instinctive avoidance of mythological bullshit had simply resulted in whatever powers-that-be struggling to match me with an appropriate afterlife journey. By now I had faced so many challenges, passed so many tests. I should be in my final place by now."Oh shit, is this my hell?" I said, more to myself than him. An eternal Amazing Race: Mythological Douchebag Edition? "No. Not your hell," the chess hustler answered in a warm, calm voice. "That's a different department," he continued with a wink. Somehow the space between us had folded in on itself and I was now right beside the chess table. 

"Isn't Washington Square Park more famous for chess?" I asked. "You don't know it as well," the chess hustler replied. "I sure as shit had never seen that longass, dark tunnel before," I retorted. "It was only dark because no one lit a lamp for you," the chess hustler muttered, as he set up the board. "You can go first," he said, indicating at the board. So I went. Then he went. Then I went. I'm not very good at chess, but to my surprise, neither was he. In fact, he looked kind of stressed. It was *so* awkward. The previous gods and embodied concepts I had met all had a certain rapport, honed from eons of messing with people I assumed. "Aren't chess hustlers supposed to be good at chess?" I asked, trying to lure him into banter. "Yes." Out of all the stuff I had been through since I died, nothing scared me more than the terror in the chess hustler's voice. I didn't know what to say, so I made a move. Then he made a move. Then I made a move. His turns started taking longer. He started sweating. Touching pieces, then pulling back his hand. There was one of those cool chess timer clock things on the table, but he kept playing with his watch. The world literally felt like it was getting smaller, more claustrophobic as he agonized over the board. 

"So, like, why am I barefoot?" I asked, trying to take the edge off. "What?" he looked up in confusion as he finally made his move. "I died wearing shoes," I explained. The chess hustler, who I was pretty sure was Death, shrugged while wearing an expression that can only described as *WTF*. "It's definitely not the most unexpected thing that has happened to me lately. That singing swan came out of nowhere dude. But... I was wearing shoes everywhere else. Charon even joked that falling off a cliff is a terrible way to go, but at least I died in hiking boots," I chattered as I absent-mindedly moved my knight towards his pieces in the corner of the board. "What did you do?!?" the chess hustler exclaimed in a panic. "I don't know? Did the scale dude take my shoes? Is that his thing? Taking people's stuff...and like weighing it against feathers? I don't know how any of this works."
 
"NO!" he screamed, "You just checkmated me!" "But like, those are your pieces?" I said. The chess hustler's anger lessened and a glazed look overtook his face. "Oh wait, did I box you in?" I asked, only sort of understanding what I had done. I thought I was just losing when he took my queen, but I guess sacrificing pieces is part of it? "Smothered mate," he said, standing as I backed away from the table. 

"Oh cool, am I done now? Don't tell me, if I go down into the subway station over there I'm going to find a ferry to meadow." "NO!" he exclaimed, "You don't understand. I lost." "So, isn't that your whole thing, testing souls?" I asked. "No," he said shaking his head and tapping the fake Rolex on his wrist. "That's a different department?" I joked. For half a second, I saw the chess hustler's haunting true form. "You're not wearing any shoes and I lost," he said in a panic. "Don't take it personally," I softened "This was nice. As close to a normal day I've had in a while." I smiled. Or at least something like it. I had been dead long enough to know that rulers of the underworld do not like their feelings being hurt. He began to panic and pace. 

"Shit. Shit. Shit. Shitshitshitshit..." he said, I'm not sure if he was talking to me or himself. He looked up from the watch and in a broken voice explained, "You don't understand, Death *can't* lose this game. If I lost, I'm not Death anymore...and I don't know who is."