After a month I was confused. I wish I could go back to being confused. At least with the confusion I saw a glimmer of hope that I would one day figure out the skill that would let me back into my life. It's been 3 years now. The confusion has mostly turned to anger and sadness. I no longer care about this damn skill. I have come to terms with not resuming my life. With never being my daughter's father again. With never laying in bed with my wife. All I have is this lonely apartment and memories of what used to be. If I can never get back my life, then what purpose should I have to keep living this one? I don't suppose I would ever find the answer, but perhaps I may know the answer when I reach the other side. I never believed in heaven, but it is now my only hope for answers. Farewell. 

*gunshot*

...

That's what I remember from before I woke. My eyes were hazy, but I managed to glance around the room to be met with the gaze of my loving wife. My wife I hadn't seen in 3 years. She noticed my gaze and began crying hysterically and demanding that I try not to move. Ignoring her, of course, I began to take in my surroundings. A hospital room. A nurse was alerted but I found myself unable to speak to question her on my situation. I think she could sense my confusion. 

"John - its ok, we are all here for you and your family has been by your side the whole time. You've been, well, asleep for the better part of a year. You're lucky to be alive!" the nurse explained.

I attempted to feel around my body for clues as to what landed me here in the first place. 

"John you may not remember, but you were in a very bad accident. Its ok though, nobody blames you. You are going to be all right now. You must be wondering... Here have a look. Don't be frightened" she continued as she brought a mirror around.

I looked in horror. This reflection was not mine - it couldn't be mine. My lower jaw appeared to be missing and my left ear was but a nub.

"I know it looks bad, John but you really can lead a healthy and great life still. Just think of how lucky you are that you can still have many more years with your family. Others aren't always so lucky. In fact, we just brought in a man around your age. The blast from his weapon blew his entire head completely off. Your family and I will continue to be here for you and help you recover. I hope I helped with some confusion."

She did. For the first time in years, there was no confusion at all. 
