*(I know I'm super late to the party, most likely no one is gonna see this, and I'm not a good writer. But I kinda wanna get this off my chest. Kinda a relevant prompt.)*

I'm not gonna eat. If I don't eat, then don't have energy. If I don't have energy, I feel tired. If I feel tired, I fall asleep. If I'm asleep, that's the closest thing to being dead. 

It hasn't been working. It just feels like I have tears behind my eyes all the time. I'm about to cry at any moment. But I'm sure it will start working tomorrow. Third day's the charm.

I don't have any friends. I have acquaintances, but they don't wanna hear this shit. I don't want to burden them by talking to them about how I'm a basket case, how everything's been getting worse, blah blah. I'm not gonna go into details. You don't wanna hear that. No one wants to hear that, except my therapist, and I pay her.

That being said, my only friend right now is a voicemail she left me a week ago.

I'm getting off track. Sorry. Back to the not eating thing. I'm not gonna eat anything today. That's why I didn't wanna go to lunch with this girl. But hey, chances like the one I had come once in a lifetime.

So yeah, this girl. I'm just walking back from class, right? This girl just walks up to me. And lemme tell you: this girl is gorgeous. I mean, wow. But all the people are giving her looks as she's walking down the street. Not like the harassing kinda looks. Everyone looks terrified. Like, people are flinching and crossing the street when she passes them. Assholes.

She stops me in the middle of the street. She's like "hey don't I know you from somewhere?" and I'm like "no, did we have a class together?" and she said "oh yeah! That abnormal psych class we had last semester!"

I thought I would have remembered this girl from that class.

Anyway, she says "hey this is spontaneous, but do you wanna grab lunch? I know I just sprung it up on you and all, but what do you think?"

No way I'd say no. The only hard part would be having to only get water.

So we head to this little cafe type place. People are still flinching when she walks by! I mean, the host nearly jumped out of his skin. But we grab this table, people hiding their eyes and shit.

Our waitress comes up to us. I, like an ass, only get water, this girl gets an order of fries. The waitress didn't flinch. Guess she's the only non-asshole here today.

This girl starts talking. She says "hey, you feeling okay?" and I said "you know, hanging in there." Then she says "drop the bullshit." But I'm like, fuck. I'm not about to pour my guts out to this girl I just met. "You're not eating." And I'm like "no I had a big breakfast and I only want water" and she's like "no, at all. You haven't been eating at all."

How does she know this? She fucking following me or something? So I just go and ask her, "how do you know all this?"

This is what she said, word-for-word, I swear to god. "We never had a class together. You've never seen me. But look around. People are scared of me. You know why? Because I'm Death." She stops for a sec. "People see me how they see death. And they're scared of me. Scared of Death."

She's like "I'm attractive, right? You like me, right? And you just agreed to get food with me, right?"

She stuck out her hand. "Want to come with me?"

For some fucking reason I believed her. I knew it, I don't know how I knew it, but I knew that I was sitting across the table from Death. This was my chance. If I reach out and shake her hand, I die, right then and there. This is my chance to finally end this! People will think it was a heart attack or something, the perfect suicide! Time to fucking do this. Time to go.

But, something in me just... stopped me. I don't know why. I want to die. I want to die so fucking bad. Trust me, I do. But I didn't want to go with her. 

So I say, "Sorry. Maybe some other time."

She smiled a bit, and she put her hand down. She says "I understand." She stands up and starts walking out. When she's about to leave, she turns around and says "hell, maybe I'll look different the next time." And she smiles and heads out.

The first thing that popped in my head was "are you a fucking idiot? That was your chance!" I was ready to beat myself up so hard. Then the waitress walks out to the table.

"Hey, where'd your friend go?" She got all smiley for some reason. "She stand you up?" I'm like, "I dunno, honestly."

She says "hey, I can cover the fries. Anyone who gets stood up by someone that good looking needs a little help."

I actually get a good look at her. She's smiling, but she also kinda looks like she's about to cry. 

I say, "you don't have to" and she's like "I want to do it. Don't worry about it." Then she puts the fries down and starts to walk away.

I get it now. I had to go for it. My therapist's voicemail may need to wait.

I shout "Hey, are you free tonight? ...sorry it's kinda outta the blue" and she turns around and she thinks for a sec. Then she's like, "yeah, I get off at four" and I say "wanna grab food?"

She smiles and says, "yeah, I'd love something to eat."

I smile. And I mean it.

I'd love something to eat, too.