As I walk north on the dusty, cracked road in the Mexican heat, I try to imagine how I'm going to get back to Chicago. For one thing, my passport isn't on me, so whatever I do to get across the border, it sure as hell won't be legal. Some jokes about authenticity cross my mind before I consider how dangerous it would be for me to make them. What if I came to a village and started spouting horrible stuff about how I'm a total gringo and you guys shouldn't help me, I'm from this place where some dude got to be president because he irrationally hates you all...

After hours of rambling down the road and rambling to myself about all of the worst possible scenarios that I would surely experience (like being turned into some Day of the Dead ornaments for a drug lord), I finally found a village! I was saved! I ran and ran, until finally I reached the first of the dilapidated wooden houses on the edge of the small group of houses. "Gracias, gracias!" I said to nobody in particular. It took a bit for me to get back up again, dehydrated as I was and tired from my run, but I finally rose to my feet and walked around the village. "Hola?" I repeated over and over, as loud as my drying lungs and parched throat could muster. 

Nobody came from any of the five houses nearest to me, so I moved towards the cluster of larger houses on the other side of the village. As I passed what appeared to be a store, I noticed the well. When I looked into it for the bucket, I saw that it was all dried out. I began to panic as I realized that my chances of seeing anyone here were rapidly diminishing. "Hello? Anyone there?" I called as I started to move a little bit faster towards the large houses. Still, nobody came to greet me. It seemed that this truly was a ghost town. I walked up to the door of the nearest house and tried to pull it open. It wouldn't budge. I moved onto the other two nearby, finding that their doors were also locked. Remembering the store, with it's dusty barred windows and chipping red paint, I prayed with all my might that there would be some water, or any liquid for that matter in there. I would probably drink spoiled milk at that point. The door to the shop came open easily, but the frame was filled with concrete! I returned to the first group of houses that I saw, and started banging on one of the locked doors. I didn't make it for long. 

"SOY UN PATO!!!!" I cried before collapsing in the heat and officially failing my final. 