"I'm sorry, I'm *where*?"

The angelic figure before Isaac gave a weak shrug, and a nervous laugh. "Well... I didn't say you were actually *in* heaven. Just that you earned your place. "

Isaac furrowed his brow for a moment. "I made it into heaven. I'm in the waiting room? And how did I make it in? I'm responsible for so many deaths!"

"Whoo boy, you don't have to tell me-" Isaac flinched at that, "-but no, you're not in heaven, and you aren't in the waiting room. You're with me, here, in purgatory. No, you aren't supposed to be here. I snagged you for a quick, uh, favor."

Isaac didn't respond, but his brow remained furrowed while his eyes narrowed.

Visibly uncomfortable, the angel's image slowly shifted. It looked like a thin, misty veil was peeling off, and beneath the veil was the black, rotted, feathery wings of a fallen angel. "You may have heard of me." He paused, but Isaac remained silent. "Listen, I need your help."

"And," Isaac said slowly, "What sort of help would that be?"

~~~~

A very, very small number of humans have traveled to more than two planes: the material plane, and their Final Destination. Isaac was added to that list as the Prince of Darkness pierced the veil, and gestured for Isaac to proceed.

When he stepped through the opening, Isaac was struck by a bright white light, which momentarily blinded him. When he blinked the light away, he was surprised by the office cubicles before him, lit by a series of flickering flourescant light. "Did you..." Isaac began, looking around with the same set of furrowed brows, "I mean, did you open the right portal?"

Lucifer shared his confusion for a moment, before realization crossed his face. "OH! Right, fire and brimstone--I haven't exactly dealt with mortals a lot until recently. No, no, no, we've been trying to automate lately. This is the development floor." With this, he waved his arm to the drab, abandoned office space. Isaac saw papers scattered on the floor and workstations empty.

"Office holiday?"

"Not exactly. Operations have been halted because of the war, and the enemy's allied demons have reinforced most other locations against interplanar travel. The humans we employed here were *supposed* to get a reduced sentence for their work, but I guess they thought they'd do better with Hitler." Lucifer shrugged in a "what-can-you-do" sort of way.

"*Humans?* Do you have any demons with- no, not important. Listen, where is your HQ?"

Lucifer walked to the window, which overlooked the literal hellscape. Were it not for trenches dug through the lawns, and the occasional streak of fire or exploding munitions round, it would have looked relatively normal. He pointed across the battlefield to a suburban neighborhood that seemed to have survived the ongoing hostilities. "Hidden away in there. We keep the perimeter secure enough, and it's beyond the range of enemy artillery. Our command center is there, though we'll have to pass the siege camped around it."

~~~
More TBD