What no one is willing to tell you, when you've gone as long as I have without saying the Words, is that you begin to see... well, Death. For me, it isn't a robed figure with a scythe, or a slavering beast waiting to feast on my soul. It's just an ordinary man. The most ordinary man you could ever imagine, completely forgettable except for the fact that he's always just at the corner of my field of vision. But I'm getting distracted.


I'm alone, in a giant mansion.

I don't know how long I've been alone. The years pass as minutes, the minutes as years. Am I 500 years old? 1000? It doesn't matter anymore. The servants quietly come and go, providing me with the most opulent meals and making sure that my bedsheets are always freshly laundered. I lay in a bed fit for a king, and it might as well be a desert for all the comfort it provides me.

Everyone has different Words. I don't know if the words repeat, but I've never heard of anyone having my words before. Then again, with words like mine, who would ever know?

My friends, my family, they have all left me. And who can blame them? They all wanted one thing from me, and it was the one thing that they would never be able to get from me while I still drew breath. I tried to call them to me, to let them know that I was going to speak my Words and that I needed them one last time, but... no one is here.

I'm always tired now. Tired in a way that I did not know a human being could be. Death must sense something changing, because... it has moved. No longer in the corner, just at the edge of my vision, it is standing directly in front of me. I imagine that I can see pity in its eyes, pity in that it knows the great irony of my words. It knows what not saying them has cost me, and it knows that I will pay my final price by saying them now. As my lips open, it almost seems to nod and smile.

As the world goes black and somewhere beyond darkness, I can hear myself. I wish all of the people who I cared about could have been here at this moment. They would have understood. Perhaps, they would have even forgiven me. 

*"I love you..."*