they call me the conduit. i always thought something more sci fi sounding would be better. like the medium. or the link. maybe just link. nah that sounds like a video game character.

doctor rajesh said i should record everything in this journal every day. it's getting harder to concentrate so i'm glad it's all voice and i don't have to type or nothing. 

at first it was little stuff. people being cross with each other like they'd missed their morning coffee. then people weren't saying sorry if they got bumped into by someone else. they started glaring like... like.... americans.

it's so shiny. i know it will work.

i tried. i really tried. i focused my energy on the geese like i always did. taking all the negative energy from the people and putting it into the geese had always worked; they flew south, broke a few snowbirds arms with their wings and bit a few people, and a nation's collective frustrations were gone. but i couldn't reach them. 

doctor rajesh says there are less of them now. they fly south and some of them try to cross the new wall and get zapped by the field. i push and i push but there are less and less of them to put the energy into. its building up.

that's why i need it. i can keep drawing the energy out of  the people and into me but one little push and it will all come out and into the air and float up and not hurt anyone. it will be better than the geese.

i need one of those fancy rooms like that bald guy in the wheelchair. then i could push harder. get the energy out. then the people won't be so mad all the time. but doctor rajesh says that's just in comic books and the only reason i'm a good conduit is because of the accident. they don't know how it works and can't ample- ampplif- can't make it stronger.

so i'm gonna do it myself. one push and it's all out. like a lightning rod.

i'm so glad doctor rajesh's wife got him that new shirt. they don't let me have sharp things but a sharp thing is what i need to push. he didn't even notice the pin still in his sleeve but i saw it shine when it fell to the floor. it's nice and long. perfect for what i need.

the geese are happier now but the people are mad. i gotta do this so the people can be happy.

it looks even sharper when you look at it straight on. like looking down the barrel of a gun but all pointy.

this is gonna hurt.

i gotta do this.

all the people are mad and it keeps getting worse.

i'm the conduit.

the link.

all this energy is going around in my head and i gotta get it out. this will get it out.

i wish i had two then i could do both eyes.

oh jeez. oh god. aaaaah i keep blinking! i can't blink or it'll go in crooked. hold the lids open with one hand and push with theooooooh god this hurts!

i could feel it pop through the clear part. nnnngh... just push. gaaaah ithurtsithurtsithurts... i can feel stuff coming out now but it's just liquid not the energy yet.

maybe if i go faster like taking off a bandaid. aaaaaaah its so shiny even inside me now i see all kinds of spots and starts and stuff maybe it'll be like that when the energy comes out like in some kids show just whoosh a beam of sparkles and light and aaannnnnnnngh! it won't go why won't it go it... it... it's stuck on my skull just gotta work it around a bit find the nerve hole 'cause the energy is in my brain gotta make a hole to my brain and i only have a third of it in gotta push harder

unfff... there's the hole. gah. ow. oh fuck the light is spinning is that me? no its the alarm. they're coming. they're gonna try to stop me. they see the blood and think i'm hurting myself but i just want the energy to get out. from them through me and out to the sky it'll work it's gotta work and the geese and people can all be happy and push harder now they're coming pushpsupushitburnsohgoditburnsnowtheshoveand - 

*recording ends*
