So there was this one planet that was really weird. I had to make an emergency fuel stop because running away from pirates is hard. So the usual plan would go ahead. Land on a planet of primitives, you know non-spacefaring, and bestow them with some high technology, get them to give you something you can fuel with, and leave. 

Pretty standard, every merchant has done it a few times, though to various effect if you remember that planet of stone-age humanoids with tachyon lances. 

And it did go to plan, just in a weird way. The primitives were absolutely silent, the only noise was them moving about. There was no obvious trace of language or anything like that. Which, if you didn't bunk off xeno-ecology, you would know is mutually exclusive with civilisation. 

I had the system do the usual checks for a sign language, it is equipped for that since some people are deaf, and a local interpreter might not be available. Nothing. 

We tried pheromones, not a common one, but not unheard of. Some activity, but nothing complex enough for a Type-IIA primitive. 

So at this point, we were dumbfounded as to how they could communicate. Until one of them walked into my ship. As in face first, completely faceplanted into the ceramo-metallic plates. I can't say anything about physiology, but if they had a nose, they broke it.

This is where I realised that had IR sight. You see, or at least as a human you should, my ship is visible. You can see it, it is pretty obviously a mid-size special goods freighter, switch your HUD to IR. It's gone, right. Unless you have the extremely sensitive equipment, my ship is IR transparent. That was a pretty sweet, and very expensive upgrade. I'll tell you that thermal torpedos are not fun, though that is another story.

Getting back to it, he it they, whatever, walked straight into my ship. They couldn't see it. So I set my ship language system to take IR instead of the H-vis spectrum. And guess what, they were communicating with black body radiation, by the heat distribution on their skin-ish thing. 

It picked up a written language pretty much instantly. Translated the first-contact and emergency fuel protocols, and did its job. I originally intended to give them glass making, but seeing as glass is IR opaque (get it), that wouldn't be much use. So I gave them concrete. Not standard for a type-IIA, but the Romans had it, so I guess it's fine.

In return, I got this weird grain thing. They even taught me how to properly grow it. The stuff is really great actually. Delicious, non-toxic, nutritious, robust, and extremely efficient biofuel. 

Maybe I'll go back there sometime, I might be a merchant, but you know where I got my education, maybe it might be time to put the xenology PhD to some use other than translation software. 

For now, though, we better see if they've finished loading the datamasses into the hold, your contact promised me that they would pay well for that data, and considering how much I managed to get, we'll be making a lot of money in a weeks time and with time-dilation every local minute counts, because that minute is about 4 hours relative to relay time.