It was night again, and for many, it was time to work.

The criminal underground is a nocturnal menace, writhing and growing wherever the sun and light do not reach. Uncaring of what it consumes so long as it can do exactly that. Many give in willingly to the ebb and flow of corruption; for some it is their life purpose. Others desire a little more...

Power. Control. Domination.

Blitz was like that when he discovered his biofeedback abilities. Being able to augment your body by sheer power of will has made him an incredibly tough opponent to conquer. In fact, in the last few years, nobody had been able to do just that, and when you're a villain with no worthy rivals, you get bored.

And idle hands are the devil's workshop, as they say.

So Blitz had given it up. He abandoned his followers, destroyed his own empire, and relinquished all control to whomever asked. Things changed so rapidly the heroes didn't know how to keep up or who to go after anymore. Chaos erupted, cities fell apart.

Blitz was happy. Now there was something to do. *Now* there were people to crush.

His other rivals were able to gather resources and grow stronger. Their lackies became more in number and trickier to beat. Blitz still never lost, but he was having fun. He never took what he won, he only sought to fight for the thrill. Some started referring to his challenges as security tests; they weren't taking him seriously. Pop a few heads and everyone falls back in line. Simple and effective.

Crime ran rampant now, but where there can only be so much pain and suffering before the "right" person comes along. That person would come to be known as Peacemaker.

Blitz watched all the tapes. Peacemaker was immune to physical damage, he could heal the sick, purify food or drink, and he was bad *ass* with his bo staff.

He was *everything*. Blitz knew now he had a purpose. This man would not be able to be defeated in their first, or maybe even their third, clash, but he had to know what it would take. How do you break a man like that? Blitz studied endlessly. There was *nothing*. No one could beat him.

In their first meeting, Blitz would hold back, just to test him. After four hours of grueling combat, Blitz's body would finally give out. Crumpled on the ground, Peacemaker gave a hearty laugh.

"Most impressive! I had heard *so* many stories about you, friend. You're quite the criminal legend, you know."

"How-?" Blitz could barely draw breath to make more than one word at a time.

"My healing is truly miraculous. When my muscles break down, they heal back up. It seems I can just.....go forever!" He laughed again. "Ah good, your escort is here. Stand please!"

The police? Was this a joke?

"Blitz, it was truly fun, but I don't suppose I'll be seeing you again. Enjoy your stay."

Over the next few months they would clash again. Blitz pushed harder, tried ambushes, poison, crushing him under a building. His powers were growing but no matter what he tried: nothing would stop the Peacemaker. 

"Wait-" Blitz gasped on their umpteenth fight. Peacemaker had outlasted him yet again, despite being impaled three times.

"You know, you're really getting on my nerves. I'm working exceptionally hard to end crime in this city, and here you are! Some *rogue* with no purpose, holding me up time and time again! Do you not see the good I'm doing? Do you not understand?"

"I'll get you-" 

The police dragged him away before Peacemaker could finish ranting, but Blitz had figured it out. It was so simple all this time. To beat a man that cannot be hurt, you must simply, and indefinitely, restrain him. How had he not thought of it? What was it that had been clouding his judgement for the better part of a year? As he rode away in the police car, one last stare at Peacemaker would reveal his answer.

Love.

How could this be? Blitz had never *loved* before, there was no time for it! Love was weakness, he had no room for it in his mind! 

Over the next several battles, Blitz would not push himself to his maximum. Peacemaker noticed.

"You are not trying hard enough! You are simply wasting my time!" He grew frustrated. "You *must* see by now what I am doing! Surely you cannot be so dense! Explain yourself!"

"Maybe I don't have a reason," Why was he grinning? Stop grinning! "Maybe I just like to fight."

"Every, and I do mean *every*, time we fight, another gutter rat slips out of my gasp! It is not possible that you work for all of them." They were now face to face, Peacemaker's face red with fury, but Blitz was blushing. You couldn't tell the difference. "There *IS* a reason you are doing this, and I *WILL*-"

A shot rang out. Peacemaker looked over at his back. 

"Really?! Bullets?" More shots. "Is every criminal in this city exceptionally stupid? Come out! Let us get this over with." 

Blitz was scanning the buildings surrounding them. Muzzle flash to the left. Who would be stupid enough? He took a step.

"We will finish this when I get back! Do *not* move or I will find something sharp." Peacemaker looked so good when he was angry. It wasn't a look he wore often enough.

"Ah, don't worry. I'm sure I know those guys, I'll just go see what this is about and we can get on with our duel. I promise I won't leave you." He left with a wink. A wink? Peacemaker must know by now. There's no way he missed that.

Up in the parking garage he was met with minions wearing colors he hadn't seen in a long time. *His* colors. They saluted him.

"Sir!"

"Don't *sir* me, who are you really with? I haven't had an army for months."

Silence.

"Answer!"

"We've been working with the Determinator, sir! He believes he's found a solution and we wanted you to have this, as you are Peacemaker's greatest rival! We're ready to fire, sir!"

He scanned the other workers in the room. "Fire what, exactly? Looks like just a rocket launcher."

"Did he say fire?"

It all happened in slow motion. The thruster lit up and shot forward. Blitz barely crossed the room before it was too late. Peacemaker stood in the middle of the road, unaware and lost in thought in the middle of the street. Did he not hear Blitz's shouting? The minion's words were bouncing off of him.

"-target the brain-"

"-complete evisceration-"

Blitz gave one last shout. Peacemaker looked up and met his eyes. It would be the last time he would be lost in that cathartic blue sea before red would coat the surrounding area. 

The minions celebrated. Blitz crumbled. This was his fault. If he would've just left him alone, or turned and joined him...

A new fire lit in his eyes.





(I dunno how to do the big line thing that everyone else is doing but - I don't write very often so I hope the formatting isn't shit and that you guys enjoyed it)