Having just gotten death's sickle, you wonder what you are going to do next. You had heard about kaiju invasions as well as predators (from the movie) and aliens because the portals were unstable. Being death's sickle, you notice the scythe is extremely strong and sharp when it starts to emit a purple glow. After about a minute of perplexing action (with the purple partiscles from the glow) the scythe cools down an returns to what's called "Death's Gift." You remember reading about Death's Gift and that it is an extremely powerful super scythe that can take down gods them selves. You also figure out that death's sickle shoots out a purple scythe that can peirce stuff easily (like the death sickle from terraria) and decide to keep it on you. You end up meeting a person (who is part cyborg) named wolf. He is a powerful "Spell Caster" with the current and an ancient god ender weapon which are the ender knife and the ender piercer and the ender bandana of the void (The ender piercer and bandana are from the ancient god). You figure out that wolf was also blessed from death and a guardian angel with metal working and gem working. You guys become good friends and end up going on a lot of bounty hunts, kaiju hunts, predator hunts, and other events. (Sorry for no paragraph splits. I like writing like this.) You guys came across a few others when wolf metiones that he is part of a clan called the slag bearers and that the slag bearers hold chains and try to keep the elements (including the ghosts) and neutral as possible. You had met gray which had weapons including the azure wrath gauntlet and zek who had extreme magic strength from part of the ancient court of the gods (the court for the ancient gods, a race {I guess?} of extremely powerful gods of elements. You figure out that wolf is part of the court but hasnt gotten his strength yet but it is thought he will soon since hes just slightly older than zek. -Weeks later...- wolf and you are out killing some aliens to restore peace when wolf receives a signal from zek and gray about a super kaiju. The super kaiju is called red scale and is extremely powerful. You end up flying with a pair of wings you got when you turned 19 while wolf uses a pair he got when he was 22. Wolf uses the "Fishron Wings" (The duke Fishron wings from terraria essentially) while you use the corrupter's wings which you got from death. When you guys get there you see that its a god kaiju and that zek and gray are in an almost indestructible box like area (Because thats normal) and you guys prepare a plan. Gray prepares his azure gauntlet, you prepare Death's gift, zek prepares The God Ender while Wolf prepares his ender rail gun, ender shadow flame knife (like the shadow flame knife from terraria but much stronger), and ender knife. Once you are all ready you hop in special suits wolf had for you guys and end up killing the super kaiju after 6 exhausting and slow hours. Once you kill it, you see the kaiju's warp zone and portal start to stabalize but you see the ancient God's portal go red... Not much happens over about a year but when Friday the 13th comes around, you notice everything is ominous. You have troubles sleeping that nighr but its not insomnia. Its some kind of oherworldy presence near by. You expect your next gift tonight. You realize the source is from an ancient god since wolf had trained you in recognizing those kinds of things. When the bell strikes 2:30 (A.m.) you heard a loud boom, while zek gray and wolf hear it but nobody else hears it or notices the sky change, and you see the any turn purple. You realize that the ancient god that had visited you was ender while he had a weapon. He had a very rare knife called the ancient knife and was a weapon used by the gods that could sacrifice other gods. It was like the ender shadow flame knife but a bit stronger having a unique "wisp" to it. The weapon when hit would cause the enemy to go on fire with ender shadow flame and could very easily kill weak kaijus. You had heard about the weapon being able to be improved with ice flame, cursed flame, corrupted flame, living flame, ichor (to make their skin and armor weaker), spectral flame, and other effects. Wolf immediately heads out side and checks what happened. He notices that ender popped out of his void for a moment. Once ender returned, he realizes what happens but realizes its 3:33 some how even though its only been like 2 minutes so he goes back to sleep. After the encounter your able to go back to sleep when someone else gets a weapon from an ancient god...