"What can I getchya this morning?"

"Just a coffee, black."


I mumble the order back to myself as I ring up the total.


"That'll be 2.75, please" I say in my cheery morning voice. He hands me his credit card and as I take it, I can't help but notice he has one of his names written along his hand. Peter Fuller.


I swipe the card. Damn thing always takes a few seconds to go through. My boss tells us to try and make small talk to make up for the wait. I hate the awkwardness of it, but today I was curious.


"You ever wonder which one that is?" I ask pointing to his hand. He looks up, almost confusingly, but more conflicted than anything else.


"I... well I don't think it's my soulmate."


Turning his head and pushing his ear forward reveals the other name. Laura Haynes.


"Laura and I have been together for about 2 years now. I don't know what it is, after finding her and being together all this time, I can't imagine life without her. She just... she makes me feel safe you know?" His face moved downward slowly. A mix between sadness and fear creeped into his voice.


"I just hope I'm not making a mistake... that nothing bad happens."


*beep*


The card goes through. I hand it back. I don't  really know what to say. I've heard on the news before about couples that ended up killing each other, but never after 2 years.


The receipt prints out just as the coffee slides in from the back. I hand him the reciept to sign and place the coffee in front of him. I say the only comforting thing I can think of.


"Hey man, Laura sounds like a really great girl. She sounds like she makes you happy and if you've been together this long, she's gotta be happy too. I'm sure you guys will be fine. And if you're worrying about the other name... you know whatever, way down the line, hopefully after you've already lived a good life."


He signs, hands it back, and picks up the coffee. "Yeah but... that's exactly what I'm afraid of."


I watch him as he walks out the door and down the sidewalk. I can't help but feel bad for the guy. Who wouldn't?


I take a look at the tip he left on the receipt and froze. That's when I understood.


Card Number: VISA XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-3018

Tip: 1.00

Signed: Peter Fuller