Rave music vibrates through the packed dancehall. a wave of bodies sway in rhythm to the beat as the cloud of smoke interrupts the glare of ultraviolet light. There appears to be a collective mood emanating from the crowd. The symbiotic movements similar to the murmuration of birds, creates a soothing sensation in the mind. I feel....good. I feel a warm glow wash over me as I take a breath. The release lifts me higher as I close my eyes and feel them roll. Raising my hands in the air as the beat intensifies with a smooth bass line that makes my spine dribble with endorphins. I allow my body to take over as I sway from side to side. The explosion of
Joy in my chest causes my teeth to gutter like a reaction to the cold. But it’s warm.so, so warm and glowing with beautiful feelings. I bring my hands down from above me as the baseline reaches its precipice. coming to the edge before the anticipated drop. Wiping the sweat from my face I flick my hands off infront of me breathing deep, rolling my eyes again I know it’s about to drop. I can feel it, I can taste it. I am the crowd. I interlock my fingers and crack them deeply.  Throwing my hands in rhythm to The beat that’s dropped me into a tribal war dance.  as I open my eyes I notice the wave of bodies around me staring in disbelief as my hands are glowing with the brightness of radioactive liquid. I am in the zone. The trance has me now.... as I look around the room I see the flashing of hands change from a dark silhouette into a bright formation, reminiscent of disturbed algae. I stop and realise what is happening. What the fucks up with my hands. 
From out the crowd a woman dances, as if towards me. Surely she’s just making her way by me. Her dancing is hypnotically sensual and magnetic. as if she created her own atmosphere that I was being drawn too. She draws a smile toward me and I instinctually mimic her actions. She raises what I think is a hand, gesturing in the dark to come closer and follow. I reach out with my glowing extensions as I try to comprehend if it’s the drugs or something else. I take her hand. It’s warm and feels like home. She raises her other hand to my face, it’s glowing a deep purple and pink, fluctuating with the beat against my skin. I am In love. And my hands are green 