Worried is an understatement. I'm fucking terrified. Why was this person eating out of dumpsters when I found them? Why am I horribly addicted to coolant? Every day, I wake up, and I have these...these *urges*. I go outside and scream into the air and then throw my hands around without any control at all. People keep *talking* to me, but they're not actually people, they're just delusions! A pigeon said that I was "the last refugee of Zawrtax," yesterday, and then ejaculated on a passing eight year old. How many mental illnesses are floating around in here?!

From what I can understand, I've been tossed into the body of a completely insane homeless person with no bearing on reality, and no real functionality. Every time I open my mouth, I *try* to say something that makes sense, but what comes out is normally something along the lines of "BEETLEJUICE SANDWICH POPS, MAKE MOMMY PROUD, FUNKLEBERRY!" I can't live like this much longer. I think subconsciously, I've been looking for a way to end it, because I've woken up with a noose tied around my neck after a night of heavy drinking at least three times at this point. Or maybe that's just normal! I'm not sure.

Okay, okay. This kid is walking by me. I can be normal, I can be perfectly normal, just ask for change. Here we go:

"I'm gonna fuck your grandfather's corpse with a spoon!"

WOW that kid can run fast. Boy did I fuck that up. Alright, alright, calm down. Try this next person. Just say the words, "can I please have some change." Ready? I'm ready, I'm ready, here we go:

"My liver looks like a Sundae with frosting when it gets enough calcium."

Fuck. Forget it. I'll just sit back down for a while. This sucks. What the fuck is this guy supposed to be good at anyway? 

What's that smell?

Hmm.

Smells burny. Smells like-- OH SHIT! That building is on fire! Well, fuck it, if I can't do anything else very well, I might as well see how many vics I can get out of there. At least that will be one redeeming quality for this crazy stooge. Alright, here we go, just gotta get past this crowd of people gathered around-- boy there's a lot of peop- nevermind, my body order disbursed them.

Alright, well now, I guess this is what the inside of a building burning looks like. It sure is terrifying in here. Cool, cool, there's some kid screaming and coughing, just pick him up and...wow. I'm really good at that! Okay, well there's another one! Wow, I can carry a fucking *lot* of weight. Alright, I think I'm carrying like four people now! Holy shit!

Hey, a big round of applause from the crowd while I'm carrying them out, well that feels good, *finally!*

"Don't flagilate the pastor before I fuck Marilyn Monroe!" I don't know why that's what I chose to say during my daring rescue, but back in I go! Okay, this time I got two adults, and three children clinging onto me as I'm running. Man, my lungs are *really* good at dealing with smoke inhalation. I guess that's what thirty years of smoking crystal meth has given me. Is that even how that works?!

This is pretty good, let's go for at least seven people this time. Scoop up this old Mexican woman, and let's get this toddler into the backpack here, yep- yes you can jump onto my shoulder, fat eight year old! Alright, and of course- follow me to freedom, Sparky!

"Wow, you've saved so many people from that fire!" the TV reporter on the scene is telling me. At last, I've found this guy's talent. What did he used to do that allows him to lift so many people? Doesn't matter now, the fire department is getting the rest of those people out. I don't need that ventilator though, so I tell the guy, "Fizz snacks," as I brush him away and pay attention to the reporter.

"So, now that you're being lauded as a local hero, what are you going to do with your new fame?" Okay. Concentrate. Come on, this is the time to say something heroic and good. Maybe you can propel this guy to fame, you know? Give him an out before we trade bodies again. Really push, man, SQUEEEEEZE!!

"I'd just like to tell the whole world about the danger of chem trails! You see up in the sky, the Government is poisoning our air by spreading chemicals from the jet engines of airplanes, and twisting our minds so that we'll-"

"Ooookay, well, we're all very impressed with what you've done," the reporter tells me, while giving the "cut it," sign to her cameraman. What a shame.