Sorry for the delay, I have a more than full-time job and can’t write as much as I like but I really liked your prompt. As a preface Pixie is a 4 ft 5 inch anthropomorphized and evolved stoat or ermine. I was going to write a description of what she looks like but … maybe just google search ermine or stoat. I’m not convinced language is sophisticated enough to describe just how insanely cute these things are. And if it’s for your girlfriend you’ll get the obligatory “awwwww.”

Pixie Velorian sighed deeply as her ship made the jump into hyperspace. It had been a good day. Her bounty was sealed away in a stasis chamber and would sleep deeply the next few months. She locked the door to the cell anyway. Even with all the excitement of the day, Pixie could feel the hormones prompting her to hibernate permeating her body. Creatures that didn’t hibernate never did understand what the feeling was like. It was a tiredness but not a sleepiness. Sleep was something one did daily, it was part of the daily routine, a cycle, occasionally it was a feeling of deep and penetrating weariness. For many creatures sleep represented and end of the day, a close of one chapter and an opening of another. Hibernating was different, hibernating was more like napping in the warm sun. It was like falling asleep wrapped in a blanket front of a sunny window on a cold winter day. It was like napping under a large old tree in summer with a very slight breeze blowing.


Pixie Velorian grew up on a planet like that. She remembered scampering off in the summer to find adventure in the deep caves and old forest; the places where adventure was always most likely to be found. During the heat of mid-day she almost always took refuge under an old tree; a colossus that against all odds had been felled by neither axe nor storm. Its branches extended wide and cast a deep shadow that only the most pervasive beams of sunlight could hope to penetrate. Around the old tree, a lush and thick grass blanketed the floor. On the most cherished of days, a slight breeze swept over the nearby brook and gently played at her fur.


Hibernation was like that. It wasn’t a nightly sleep that one engaged in, it was special, it was a willful checking out of existence. Here in her starship with her bounty safely stowed she prepared for a wonderful and long hibernation. 


Every species dealt with the immense distance between stars differently. Even with faster than light engines it could take weeks or months, or in some cases years to get where you were going. Some species used stasis chambers like the one she’s stuffed her bounty into. Some chemically altered their metabolism to put them into a kind of fugue state. Most simply stayed awake; filling their ship with all manner of pleasantries to make the long and uneventful trips more enjoyable, a pleasure cruise of sorts.


Twisting her back this way and that she cracked stiff joints, swished her tail back and forth and yawned deeply. Her eyes drooped heavily as she entered her private chambers and locked the door behind her. One by one she peeled off her boots, then the rest of her clothes letting them fall on the floor as she willed. The habit was unusual for sentient creatures, but then again she was an unusual sentient creature. The planet wide resources, scientific prowess, and fastidiousness required of a species to invent sublight engines not kill themselves along the way was almost as immense as the distances those engines would travel. Along the way other genetic traits like a propensity for tidiness and order almost always asserted themselves. Not Pixie though, she’d always liked her sleeping quarters a little messy. The other’s of her species didn’t understand. Messy quarters felt more comfortable, more homely. Messy quarters felt like it was her place, it had her smell and was filled with her markings. It turned just a regular cabin on a starship into her burrow. 


With ever drooping eyes Pixie fumbled for a can of lavender spray and with practiced movements sprayed her fur with an absent-mindedness, made her way to a soft mattress, and curled up into a little ball. Slowly she began to groom by gently licking her soft fur clean. Some species groom by rolling in volcanic dust, others by pouring warm water over their bodies, Pixie thought they were all missing out. The scent of lavender filled her nostrils as she groomed. Grooming was like soaking in a warm tub but so much better. An epoch of evolution had instilled chemical rewards for creatures that paid special attention to the care and maintenance of their fur. The scent of lavender filled her nostrils, the steady drip of hibernation hormones had pulled her body into a deep state of relaxation and now with an almost meditative grooming dripped chemical pleasure into her system. To a human, it could only be described as the feeling of drifting off to sleep after a good and strong orgasm. 


Slowly, her cognitive functions declined. The sentient creature, the bounty hunter, the starship pilot faded. The deep cyclic waves of the engines rolled through the ship; so low they were almost imperceptible. To Pixie it felt like a heartbeat, like a strong and steady beating heart. In a way she was right. The engine was a beating heart of the starship ferrying her across the immense space between star systems and here safe in her little burrow, freshly groomed and curled into a little ball, Pixie fell into a deep hibernation and let the lightyears slip from her mortal coil.

