I recall jumping with joy at the end of the 10th month. 

I took out a virtual success parade inviting the whole town to the party at the end of the 20th month. 

And every 10 months thereon ,without fail , my celebrations had only gotten more and more expensive. And curiouser and curiouser. 

I counted it akin to a payoff of a cheque now (when is Now is a question without an answer) in lieu of future redemption. 

Never in the history of Planet Earth had there been a fertile woman who carried a fully developed baby for more than double the normal term to pregnancy. 

Except My Wife ,My Warrior Queen. 

At 14 years and counting  , I couldn't recall all the drunken anniversary celebrations we have thrown to our friends and family in anticipation of The One. 

The One with all the Super Powers that have lain dormant for 14 years and counting. 

But ...... Nothing much happened that year.  

We waited in anticipation. Hoping that our sleepy ass caterpillar of 15 years would finally come unto the world fully formed like a beautiful butterfly 

And he did. One fine cold February morning. 

Cold as the temperature outside. 

And as blue as the Cheese I had had on Toast for dinner the previous night. 

Still born. 

My Wife was inconsolable. And though I don't recall the events of the day fully , I guess I wasn't fully there as well 

At one stage I had convinced myself to go home , get drunk and put a bullet through my brain to overcome the pain and false hopes that I and my Wife had carried with us for fifteen years

Until the Chief Doctor met with me and told me that the actual Super power that my dead Son had was the ability to grant the power of immortality to whoever had carried his dead embryo for 14 odd years. 

I'm now aged 90 years. And soon to depart from the mortal world. My Wife however , I can't but think that she's no older than 35. 

When she conceived my long dead Son who spent 15 years of his life in darkness in a watery world but at the end was powerful enough to grant his Mother perpetual life on a watery planet. 
