You know, that gift really got the wrong guy.

Well, not wrong as in "serial killer with super powers" wrong. I'm trying really hard not to do any real damage, not to be evil. But the problem is... it looks like I'm also too dumb to do good.

I would prefer to think it's some cosmic limit on my power that prevents me from affecting anyone important, from influencing important decisions. But the reality is - I might just stink at manipulating the subconscious of people, and I especially stink at choosing the right people.

I started simple, appearing to our small-town mayor in his dreams as a concerned, attractive young woman drinking from a big mug of coffee, talking to him about not opening that landfill that's close to our water supply. The mug was just a detail. The idea was that whenever he sees a good looking woman or drinks coffee he thinks about people not wanting the landfill. I repeated that dream over three weeks to let it sink in.

Well, whenever you see him now - usually in that new Porsche he has had since the opening of the landfill - he has a cup of coffee with him. I just increased his coffee addiction.

I tried to influence a certain hard-ass sheriff who is hurting lots of people for profit.

Turns out, he never remembers his dreams, and also doesn't seem to have a conscience, which I kind of should have known before.

My biggest "success" probably was dreaming at a religious extremist leader to turn him from being a really bad extremist to a not-quite-that-bad extremist. It took me months of trying to get sleep at the correct time and finding ways to influence a guy that didn't speak my language.

I was so happy when that interview came out with him saying that letting some infidels live just might be acceptable. I had done it! I had actually improved the world!

For exactly two weeks. Then some guy I had never heard of had him killed as a traitor. Turns out, that guy is an even bigger asshole, and of course he decided that some terrorist attacks would strengthen his position.

I finally realized that "doing big things" meant "screwing up big things", at least for me. And to tell the truth that realization was such a relief. Would you want the responsibility of trying to prevent a nuclear war, with one of the possible outcomes being you causing it in the first place?

And so I have decided to never again use my power to seriously influence people. Instead, I choose my victim from the many people who annoy me or who I think it would be fun to mess with.

Just before they wake up I join them in their dreams. I do not join them as myself - I join them as the Happy Dancer, though some are calling me the Fat Dancer as that avatar is a very voluptuous man with short arms and short legs.

If I like you I will dance for you with funny music. Think of Baloo the bear. I will do cartwheels, hop around happily and smile at you. Usually I'll wear a funny costume, maybe a Tutu. I might thank you for something you have done or tell you of a joke I like.

A lot of dreamers actually join me in dancing, and some of the media personalities actually tried to interview me or invite me to their show while still dreaming. At least one also invited me during his show.

If I don't like you so much or don't like what you do I will still dance for you. But there are a few changes.

The music often won't be as funny, it might be more on the mocking side, and in some cases a bit angry. I also won't be wearing a funny costume. Actually, I often won't be wearing anything at all. And I'll do those cartwheels real close to your face.

I never do that without telling you why I have visited you.

By now there are a lot of people tweeting about having seen the #HappyDancer or #FatDancer in their dreams. Some are from people I visited, more are from people I've never seen before. After the two Jimmies realized they both had seen me and talked about it on air I seem to have snuck into a lot of people's dreams without my doing, or really more likely just into their "#LookAtMe!" tweets.

Most claim I gave them a happy dance. Few people, especially few people I actually visited, admit of having seen the other version. Some guys have put "recreations" on YouTube, and some entrepreneur actually uploaded a special one on PornHub.

I am kind of lost on where to go from here. Should I try to prove who I am and maybe get some money out of it? It sounds like a stupid idea, because some of those who didn't appreciate my visit might get the idea to sue me for harassment or something if they realize I am real. Also, I really don't want to end up as a lab rat.

But at least I know what I am doing tonight. There's this skeptic who has time and again said that all the people talking about having seen me are just in it for publicity. That I am just the result of one of the writers of one of the Jimmies.

I won't be naked for him, but a speedo or whatever that Borat-actor wore could be a good idea. I haven't done the chicken dance in a while, I think I'll start with that and then do some cheerleader moves with pom-poms.