Then the lift door slowly opens and a secretary greeted me from a marble desk and escorted me to the heavy wooden door across the elevator.

It may sound a bit cliche but the man who is seated on the desk is facing the window with his back towards me. 

“It’s been a long time since I heard from you.” Slowly he turned his seat and there sitting is my old friend, Kenneth. Kenneth Bartholomew. I was out of words. I don’t know what to say. 

“Still remember me, Paul?” Kenneth continued. 

“Of course, I do. I haven’t seen you in ages but I will still remember your funny smile!” I finally said. “But how?” 

“You see, I’m still a physicist but also somehow the CEO of Oreo. Well, I was able to talk to myself from an alternate timeline where you were able to create the cure and save the mankind. But discovered it wont happen here in this timeline, so I need to get you out of that laboratory in Washington. But nothing would keep you out of that place.

“I tried several times time traveling in the past to send you letters and messages through recordings but you wont go out of that facility. You don’t trust any of those messages. But if I would establish a trust from a single thing all through out the years it should start from your childhood. 

“So I bought the Oreo company from the past under a pseudo-name Kent Bartley and made sure you get the winning pack for a lifetime supply of Oreo. It is my favorite you know, so it’s the first thing that came to my mind. 

“It was a success, I established a trust through a lifetime supply of Oreos to take you out of that prison. Here you can continue your research. I made sure all you need is in here to finish the cure.” Kenneth explained. 

“I’m all confused. But it really makes sense. You really have spent your lifetime doing all those things?” I replied to him.

“Yeah, literally all my lifetime. But traveling through time did not do me any good. It deteriorated my cells faster that i’m already dying. That’s why I made sure this time I’ll get you out of that isolated lab. Even it means buying a whole cookie company and supply you with Oreos every Monday to gain your trust. 

“Paul, I don’t have much time left, so all of my assets and properties are planned to be transferred to your name to make sure that all of my works wont go to waste.”

Not to long, Kenneth died leaving me the sole owner of the facility. And finally, I successfully created the cure through the bacteriophage I was working. By introducing the bacteriophage to the infected host, it will attack the virus in the system until none will be left. As soon as the bacteria consumed the Virus, it’ll decay on its own together with the decaying body of a walking dead. 

The cures were delivered through drones together with boxes of Oreos in major cities that we have contact. And with the help of other chemists, we made the cure airborne to be released in the close vicinity of the major cities. This way, it would be easy to scatter the cures against the infected walking corpses.

With these deliveries came the last supplies of Oreos we have. The supplies may not last for my lifetime but it delivers the beginning of life to many people across the world. 