  

Ok so what happened isn’t my fault I want to make that clear, it happened way before my time. But naturally it was blamed on me. My boss is kind of a huge dick. I like him most of the time but some days he gives me so much shit to do that I can’t even seem to keep track of my left elbow let alone a CD-126T termination form. Honestly, I don’t even know what he does all day I feel like I’m doing most of his work if not all of it. He’s older than dirt and is never in a good mood, nothing I do pleases him he just stays in his office with the doors closed while I sit at my desk and work my ass off all day.

I guess I’m ranting… Let me rewind a bit. 

My name is Charlie and I am the second reaper there has ever been. I was hired a couple thousand years ago when the human’s population reached a size that my boss couldn’t handle on his own. We process the death of every being, but human deaths require a lot of paperwork and management. We work in a decent sized office on the second most infinite floor; sharing the floor with birth who is also a lot busier these days. It’s 2018 and times are strange.

Before we used to keep track of creature’s lives with hourglasses. They all had to be manually filled with the correct amount of sand, labeled, categorized, flipped, etc… It was time consuming but when you are an eternal being that works on your own schedule things don’t tend to have a huge amount of urgency. Now, however, almost everything is done on a computer. There are still a few rooms down the hall filled with timepieces, but they still have a long way to go before they run out. The computer is much more organized and user friendly. I deal with almost all deaths, but my boss deals with the really important ones. He’s usually the one that goes into the rooms down the hall and flips a piece then personally goes and collects the lives. Hercules, King Arthur, Gandhi, the big shot humans mostly. Well anyway, I was dropping off some forms for him to sign yesterday morning and he wasn’t there. It was weird, he hardly misses a day every few thousand years or so. I figured maybe he was in a meeting with the big guy upstairs, so I set the stack down on his desk and turned to leave. One of the loose papers on top blew off or something because I heard it slide to the floor. It took me a minute to find it but it handed under his desk. When I bent down to grab it I saw a time piece in the corner between partitions of the desk. It was dust and a really old model, I had never seen one of these in up close. It had been sideways, so no sand was flowing. That is very bad. One of the flaws about these old pieces is that if no sand is flowing then the soul doesn’t exist. If it stopped flowing then the person was suddenly snapped from existence and forgotten, with my passage or legitimate paperwork. 

This could fuck up the whole universe. 

I really shouldn’t be telling you this, but I’ve been waiting outside the big guy’s office for a while now while he and my boss talk. I’ve heard some yelling and I’m pretty nervous. 

Fuck they’re calling me in. Wish me luck.  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Note: Pretty new at this, I dig constructive feedback but please don't be too harsh about spelling and grammar they aren't my strong suits. 