I entered the door to the abandoned lab and immediately heard the sounds of distant humming. Wires buzzed all around me. They told me that nobody had visited this place in years.

There were cobwebs. I didn’t realize we shrunk down spiders, too.

The largest room in the lab was where I was told to go. The bright lights coming from inside nearly blinded me, and the humming was almost unbearably loud. In the corner, Dr. Leo Kowalski hunched over at his desk, hard at work.

The giant machine in the middle of the room matched the description they gave me. I couldn’t tell what any of the dials and controls were meant for, but I figured the doctor knew everything.

That was the problem.

I may not have known much about machines, but I knew about brute force. That’s what they needed me for, after all. I grabbed the doctor by the shoulders and tossed him up against the wall. His face looked terrified as he screamed.

“Leo Kowalski?” I grunted at him.

The doctor didn’t answer at first. He looked at me with a quivering mouth.

“W-what do you want from me?” he managed to choke out.

In the moment, I didn’t see what they described to me as “the most dangerous criminal alive today.” All I saw was a scared, frightened old man. But I knew he had secrets in his brain that needed to be destroyed. I didn’t loosen my grip.

“Leo Kowalski?” I asked again.

The doctor nodded slowly.

“You went too far, Doc,” I said. “They sent me to stop this whole thing.”

I expected the doctor to whimper or beg for his life. But he didn’t. His face became serious.

“So... you’re here to get rid of me, then,” he said calmly.

He chuckled. I wasn’t expecting that. I pulled my hands back from him. I felt like he wasn’t going to try to get away.

He went back to his desk and shuffled some papers around.

“So what did they promise you?” he asked without looking at me. “Money? Power? Your own private island?”

“They’re letting me go,” I replied. “I’m not staying in this dump.”

I realized the stupidity of what I said as the words left my mouth. The doctor began laughing.

“Is that what they told you? Jeez, you didn’t look smart – I didn’t realize you were a complete idiot.”

I would’ve punched him if I wasn’t thinking about why I was here. They told me that they’d be shrinking me down and that I needed to find the doctor and kill him. They told me that they’d bring me back once I was done.

“You know why they’re after me, right?” he continued.

I nodded sheepishly. “You’ve figured out a way to grow people back.”

“Exactly,” he said.

He looked up from his desk. “Did they tell you that that’s why I’m here in the first place?”

“They said something like that,” I said.

“Those bastards in the Pentagon – they shrunk me down when I presented this machine to them. They were terrified of the idea that they could bring criminals back.”

He sighed angrily. “But what about innocents? People wrongly convicted? I know people down here – good people – locked up for things they didn’t do. And the people up there, they don’t have a system for bringing them back. They don’t want a system. All they care about is making the courts look good. As long as the public in the real world has a name to tear apart online, they don’t care about due process.”

He looked down at the floor. “It’s madness.”

I couldn’t help but feel a little bit sorry for the doctor. I saw a face 
behind the name I was told to get rid of.

He tilted his head up, staring into my eyes. “You agree with me, right?”

I thought about it for a while. “It doesn’t matter what I believe.”

He looked away. “Right...”

I didn’t want to do it. This wasn’t a bad man. Maybe the higher-ups wanted him gone – but I saw no reason to harm this man.

The doctor sat down at his desk. “Well, what are you waiting for? You have a job to do.”

I took the gun out of my holster. I observed it for a while before pointing it at him.

“Make it clean,” he said solemnly.

He didn’t need to tell me.

I squeezed the trigger. The rest is a blur.

***

I checked the instructions they gave me. This was the spot I was supposed to go to. A cliff by the sea, empty and desolate. I thought about swimming out to the ends of the water. But I knew deep down inside that it wouldn’t accomplish anything.

I looked up at the sky. There were people there, observing me – I knew they were there, even if I couldn’t see them from here.

“It’s done, you sons of bitches!” I screamed at the top of my lungs. “I did what you asked!”

There was no response. Just the sounds of waves crashing onto the rocks below me.

I sat down on the edge of the cliff. If I was going to wait for them, I might as well be comfortable.