I Was always told it was a mistake to go to sleep after suffering a concussion, but to the doctor's advice, I was home and getting ready to snuggle 
up in a blanket and drift away. 

  
Tonight wasn't the time to figure out what I was going to do about a car to go job hunting tomorrow. I felt like I was underwater. Nothing was clear, but Dr. Fitz said that's normally the case with this kind of head trauma, not to mention the stress of the wreck. 

	
I had told everyone I dozed off, but in reality, as silly as it is, I swerved
intentionally. Normally I'd have hit the damn squirrel, but today, I couldn't bear to see another creature suffer like I was. 

	
I laid down and that was it. I drifted off and felt like I'd only slept a few minutes when I felt the burning in my chest. It took me moment to realized I 
wasn't dreaming and drag myself out of sleep to those vicious little beady eyes staring intently down at my chest as me clawed his way down like he was trying 
to bury a nut in my ribcage. 

	
I grabbed him around the neck and flung him away. He bounced off of the wall under my bedroom window before hitting the floor. He shook off impact and 
raised to his hind legs. I stood abruptly preparing for another attack when he raised it little paw to forehead and saluted a goodbye. Weird. He scampered up 
the wall leaving my blood as footprints and he jumped out of the window that I didn't remember leaving open. 

	
“Why are these little fucks after me?”, I thought. I decided to call cab to get to the hospital. I wanted to just bandage it up and go about my day, but I was having a little trouble breathing and figured I should go back in due to the trauma I'd suffered yesterday. 

	
After waiting for 3 hours, the ER finally let me back, My breathing was becoming more labored with every breath. The nurse came in, and got all theinformation and the doctor was surprisingly quick to follow. Dr. Fitz again. He took his time with the questions and began to listen to my chest with his stethoscope. After a few seconds, his expression got very serious. 

	
He turned quickly and walked out of the room. A few, I would assume, nurses came in a minute later, told me to lay back and they rolled me away to get an emergency MRI. 

	
Everything else happened so fast. The MRI, the prep for surgery and the anesthesia, then I awoke. 

	
Apparently, I had punctured my lung in the wreck. Dr. Fitz said that He's surprised I even woke up so soon due to my head injury and the pain killers he'd given me. He said that I owe that squirrel a beer. 

	
I do owe him something. I wish I could see him again. I want to tell him “thanks”. I also want to ask him, in case this ever happens, not to attempt the surgery himself. 