The simplest things can be the hardest to say. 

Much harder than dragging myself out of bed day at seven in the morning. I don't stay up late or anything, I'm just lazy. I'm young, sue me. But I do it anyway because if I sleep in too many times I'll get dropped from my classes, and as fun as that would seem, well, it would probably be bad in the long run. At least that's what Mom keeps telling me. Without her I'd probably just sleep my life away up in my room because, let's be honest here, sleeping is *awesome*.

The only thing even remotely as great as sleep is food, which is why Mom always has breakfast ready for me when I get down to the kitchen, every morning. It's her only hope of luring me from my lair and forcing me to be a real person until I get home again in the afternoon, and I fall for it every time. The smell of bacon is just... angelic. If there was only one food in Heaven, dollars to donuts it'd be bacon. God's own food. I'm pretty sure in the Bible it says he put pigs on Earth just so humanity could have bacon, right? I haven't read the Bible, didn't start until recently. Like I said, I'm young and lazy. 

So there I am, eating my bacon, letting myself be one with the heavens for those brief moments, when Mom walks up to me and gives me a little hug, her trademark, and says she's going to the store because we're out of something. I don't know what it is. I stopped caring a long time ago. And like always, I ask her to stay. I mean, she hasn't even touched her bacon yet. That's some kind of mortal sin, isn't it? I tell her I can't guarantee it'll still be here when she gets back, and like she always does she laughs and says she trusts me to take care of it.

"Please, Mom, let's just stay inside. Watch some TV, you know, just relax. Today's a good day to just stay home." I've lost count of how many times I've said that, or something like it.

But she always says the same thing. She can't put things off or they'll never get done, and she reminds me that it's a lesson I need to learn. But hey, I'm young and lazy, so learning is beyond me. She walks to the door, says she loves me, and says she's leaving now, but it won't be for long. "I'll be back in about an hour."

I look at her standing there, expecting me to reply before she leaves, and I stumble over my words. Worse than usual. I'm stuttering and shaking a little. It's on the tip of my tongue. It should be so simple. It's just the G word. But I say what I've said every day of life instead of that. 

"See you later, Mom."

She smiles, walks out, and for a few seconds everything is silent. And each time I think "Maybe today is different." So I make the heroic decision to sit there, ears open, and eat my bacon.

And without fail, within a minute, I can hear the squealing of tires and the crunching of metal. The screams. The swearing. People calling for an ambulance. And it hits me that today is the same as the last 7212. 

Some moron, some irresponsible, inept... I don't have words for him. One of those freaking geniuses who thinks they can use their phone and drive through a neighborhood at 60. Every day. Every goddamn day for 7212. I've tried to stop it but the assholes who monitor the "Replay" chips say I can't. "It's against the law," the beefy guy in the suit says, "To change what's already happened. Those alterations are illegal."

So I can't do anything except... try and say it. The G word. It's all I can do now. I have to let her walk out that door and... Jesus...

Maybe I can say it tomorrow. I've been at this for so long... maybe Day 7213 is the day I can finally... say goodbye.