"Magnus, you have mystified the world over with your daring play ever since you were a young boy. What's your secret? How did you become the world's best?" The reporter leaned forward, waiting for her answer. It was something of a perfunctory question at this point with Magnus always responding with same rote answer of sleep, practice and a healthy diet. Still, she was expected to ask it just as he was expected to answer.

But this time, something was different. The icy shell Magnus maintained between him and the outside world appeared to crack, revealing something of the man behind the façade. He took a deep breath and swept his hand through his hair before meeting his interviewers eyes. "I play to live."

---

The Doctor reviewed the medical chart, making notes and trying to piece together the most tactful way of explaining things to the parents of the young child whose chart he held. Setting it down, he cleared his throat. "Mr. and Mrs. Carlsen, your boy is in a medically induced coma. We have pulled him back from Death's door, but his recovery will be temporary. We expect he has, at best, a year to live." 

Mrs. Carlsen burst into tears, nestling her head against her husband's chest. The husband took the news stoically, knowing that it would be his responsibility to help the family through this tragedy. "Is there nothing to be done Doctor?" 

The Doctor shook his head forlornly. He had more then enough experience in the matter to know better than to give false hope. All he could do was place a comforting hand on the man's shoulder. "We are bringing him out of the coma now. Try your best to be comforting. He will be disoriented."

Mr. Carlsen nodded and watched as the Doctor injected a new fluid into the IV. By the time the Magnus awoke, his parents had put on cheery faces, each holding a hand in theirs. Before the parents could find the words to express how they felt, Magnus spoke, "He..." a wet cough, "he plays chess."

Mr. Carlsen shared a glance with Mrs. Carlsen, confused for a moment. Chalking it up to disorientation from the coma, the mother tried to sooth her child, "There there Magnus, it was just a dream."

The young boy's eyes flashed with a fierce intensity, "No." He struggles to come to a sitting position. Both parents reached under him to assist him, his mother offering him a small paper cup of water. He refused the water, his determination growing and lending him strength. "He plays chess." A declaration of fact, his mind clear. "I must get better. I must be the best. It is the only way to win."

"Win what?" The father asked, perturbed.

"Another day." The parents shared another look, but Magnus was already preparing his opening move.

---

To be continued...maybe? :D 

Platypus out.