The last pages of Josef Mengele’s diary found in the year 2120:

It’s been one thousand years, a thousand fake histories under my belt, and a thousand things that could have gone wrong. Very few people had actually tried in the past to destroy humanity, one man had nearly gotten there. It was back when I thought that war would be our downfall, I bred a man for war, a good friend of mine named Adolf.

I got to see the evils of humanity, what a fractured mind could do with brilliance. Sadly he had failed me.

I was wrong though, you don’t destroy humanity with poison, with guns, or even death itself. You kill it with kindness, you kill it with promises of a brighter tomorrow. Get the world to rally behind you with the belief that what you are doing is the right thing.

Humanity was a cockroach that could not be stomped on, and today they’ll be done for. It’s taken over two hundred years of research, and I’ve been called many things, “Butcher” “The Doctor of Hell” “The Angel of Death”

They never understood why I was fascinated by those that were different, they never understood that what I was fascinated with was not defects.. they were the marks of witches!

Zwillinge! Zwillinge!

Oh how I loved the shout that said there was a new twin for me to play with. Two was a powerful number for witches you know. Not as important as three mind you, but do you realize how hard it would be to find triplets to research?

But do you know the results of my research?

Do you know what thousands of bodies, mountains of research materials got me?

A pocket full of chocolate and the look of betrayal every day?

I found the gene, I found what makes a witch a witch, and today I will release my research. 

About five billion needles are ready for injection, this will be the last generation of humans. For the low price of twenty dollars you will gain power, health, beauty.

This is my final revenge, the power that true witches hold is no more. Once everyone is special, no one is!

Bedenke das Ende.