TIFU by making a robot that eliminates redundancy. 

Unlike most TIFUs this happened today, although it started a while ago. About a year ago I got tired of everything. Literally everything. My work, cooking, cleaning, all the boring everyday tasks. The last few are easy to understand but the first one I have to explain. Simply put, I am WAY overqualified for my job. I should be running the place by now. But since the whole world is "PC" now, 20XX has become a nightmare for white men. Literally everyone else gets literally anything before they even take you into consideration just because some assholes were assholes a couple of decades ago. Anyway, about the robots. I was fucking done with all the bullshit so I build a robot to do all that shit for me. The next thing I know it's doing all my shit for me. All I do is eat, sleep, and whatever the hell else I want. It was a great time to be alive. Until a few weeks passed and the fucker built another robot to do it's tasks for it. I didn't think much of it at the time so I just let it be. A few months pass and I realize, my apartment feels a lot smaller than usual. Lots of robots lazing around doing whatever gets them off. That's when I noticed what had happened. These fuckers kept making more robots, and now there were way to many. Something had to be done. I had to get rid of all the useless robots. Of course my lazy ass thought that it would be too much effort and decided to find a simpler approach: make a robot to eliminate redundancy. So I did, and everything was going swimmingly again. The new robot was getting rid of all the useless robots and space was clearing up. I could move around apartment again! Soon all the robots were gone except for one and I was ready to get my groove on until the new robot set it's eyes on me. Apparently I was deemed redundant as well. Luckily it had to charge and I got a chance to hide. I'm currently in my closet hoping the thing leaves or something. Can't call the cops cause it'll here me if I talk. Reddit, you are literally my only hope right now. 

TL;DR: I made a robot that made more robots. It was an issue so I made a new robot that eliminates redundancy. It had deemed me redundant. Please help. 

Edit: Can you guys please stop with this bullshit. I know it was different a few years ago but being a white man is hell right now. 

Edit 2: Why the fuck is slavery still a valid argument? That shit was over a hundred years ago!

Edit 3: You guys need to just shut the fuck up. None of you know what it's like to be a white man right now. Getting dirty looks at McDonald's. I just want a fucking burger! I'm not here to enslave your fucking store!

Edit 4: Fuck all of you calling me a redundant jackass that deserves to die.

 Edit 5: THERE IS NO NEED FOR CONCERN. I AM SAFE. THE ROBOT IS GONE. HUMANS ARE NOT REDUNDANT ENTITIES. 