Stop 45 on the corner of Jefferson and Market is where it starts everyday. I have told myself everytime that today would be the day. Today I'd tell the girl who smells like vanilla
"Hello"
and every day i get off on stop 56 in defeat.I don't know her name but she looks like her name is Angela, I don't know why but she looks like an Angela. She wears the same pair of sweatpants everyday. One pant leg rolled up revealing the end of a tattoo that suggest she loves flowers. Her hair lazily wrapped in a headscarf with small puff of curly hair peeking out trying to escape its prison of safety pins and silk. She wears a small pair of iphone headphones and is always humming lyrics to songs either too old or too new for me to ever start a conversation about. I never have the nerve to look her in the eyes out of fear she would notice me. But why would she notice me, I'm such a plain girl and the only thing we have in common is that were both the same color. What would we talk about? What would I say? Would she laugh that I, a puny mortal, had the nerve to talk to her or would she be like every other girl I'd asked out in the last six years and say she doesn't roll that way. I use to think it was them but recently i've started thinking it was me. Wish i could disappear sometimes, but i still wake up every morning, put my hair in a puff ,cause i'm too lazy for a twist out, slip on my black rimmed glasses and walk with my coffee to stop 45 off Jefferson and Market. She has ridden this bus for as long as i can remember and in all that time i've never said hello but neither has she. Today is the day. I'll say Hi. Maybe will hit it off. I'm getting ahead of myself. Baby steps just tell Angela hello.  

I walk to the back of the bus and quietly just a decibel above a whisper manage to squeak out the weakest of hellos and ask if i can sit there. Her eyes meet mine for the first time and they are the lightest of brown I've ever seen. Her face turns from uninterested to mildly horrified.
"Y-You can see me?" She says in awe.
I was expecting so many other responses but not this one in attempt to sound like the reasonable one in this conversation I reply sure heartedly, "Uh, Yeah."
She lunges forward and hugs me. I can feel her tears dampening my t shirt. I have no idea whats going on or how we got here as this was way more then i originally calculated would happen. In the midst of all this all my brain could manage to grab onto to keep a grip on the situation was that she smelled like chai tea up close. She hugs me even harder.
"I've been stuck on this bus in a quantum loop for 9 years and haven't talked to another person in all that time. I thought'd I'd die here alone riding this bus again and again watching people get older while i stay the same. What does this mean since you can see me?! What are the implications?!"
She quickly reaches into her bag and pulls out a small tablet and snaps a picture of me. her eyes grighten eve more as she gazes in awe at the screen. 
"You are the most beautiful creature in the world..umm ..umm.. whats your name?"
I stammered back into existence and blundered out my name, "Erika, Erika Harrison" She firmly holds both sides of my face and smashes her lips to mine for a long passionate kiss and exclaims "I'm Dr. Angela Marcus and I am a scientist and you! Yes you, you beautiful amazing woman are gonna help me get the hell off this bus!" 

Mine mine is gone at this point more than likely is broken as i've just found out that all the laws of the universe mean nothing but honestly all of that is taking a back seat to the fact that the Vanilla smelling girl name Angela, who smells like chai tea up close and is actually name Angela just called me beautiful and kissed me fully on the lips. I no longer know how to feel about saying hello to strangers. 
