I came down the stairs, counting. Twenty three, twenty four, twenty five. Being blind at home is almost like having sight if you have a good enough memory. And since I'd been blind since birth, I had gotten a lot of practice. I lived in darkness, except for one strange day.  A day like today.

When I came down, Mom was  sitting in the air, like grandma had done the day before a heart attack took her life.  I had convinced myself that I'd dreamt this about Grandma, but this was so real.  I could tell Mom was reading on her phone from how she held her arms.  As I looked around, I realized that they were all there.  Mom, my sister Rosalinda, and my baby brother.  Even Sheldon, our dog.  Rosa was playing with our brother on the floor, waving what looked like an empty hand, but presumably carrying some kind of toy.

I backed into the kitchen and around the corner, putting my hands on the counter.  I felt around for the microwave, the blender, the knife block, the toaster.  They were all there where they belonged, and all invisible.  As I felt around, I backed further into the kitchen and could see everyone again -- I was looking out over the bar that Dad had installed a couple years ago.  I guess I'd always known it was there, but I hadn't thought of how it was like a window into the living room.

The door opened -- Dad was home. My heart pounded as I heard his voice saying, "Yeah, come on in.  Meet the family, I'm sure they'll want to hear your story too, and we're glad to help."  I heard his footsteps, and my hearing placed him in the living room as well, but I didn't see him. Oh thank god I couldn't see him! I knew he was there, standing in the space next to Mom and in front of where the couch was.  She stood up as introductions were made, my father saying with concern in his voice, "and here's my wife Sarah ... Sarah, you won't believe what happened to this woman.."  Dad started to explain why he had brought this stranger in, and I realized why I could see the others, and what I had to do.

I reached out to the knife block, and pulled out the big chef's knife that my mother always said was the most important one, the one to always clean and put away, always keep sharp.  As soon as it came clear, Mom, Rosalinda, the baby, and Sheldon all faded from view.  The slick-haired woman with torn clothes slipped into view like she had stepped from behind a curtain.  And Dad said, "That's our oldest there in the kitchen.  C'mere, Mary, and say hello?"

And then I also saw Dad wave for me to come out.