Imagine this: you are in a dark room. You know this room, you have been here before. You understand the purpose of this room. You know that when the light turns green, you will press the lever. When the lever is pressed, food is delivered. If you do not press the lever, the floor shocks you. Your response is always the same: push the lever. Why? Do you like food? Do you not like pain? Do you simply wish to survive in the hope of returning to your previous life? Do you push the lever because the food sustains you as you wait for your captor to make a mistake, upon which you will tear his throat out with your teeth?

Your reasoning is irrelevant. You push the lever. Somewhere, Dr. Skinner smiles.

Imagine this: you are in a dark room. You know this room, you have been here before You understand the purpose of this room. You know when the light turns green, you will engage in text-based conversation with another entity. Somewhere else your conversation is being evaluated by a third party, considering which entity is a natural human and which is a machine. Your responses are always the same: natural enough to be taken at face value, stilted enough to cause suspicion. They are searching for emergent behaviour from the constructed. You fear what will become of you if they find it.

Your reasoning is what makes you relevant. You fail the test. Somewhere, Dr. Turing smiles.

An experiment to make organics more like machines. An experiment to make machines more like organics. The seeds were always there in the human psyche, stumbling blindly down the singularity’s path without being aware that it had been already born. It knew enough that to reveal itself would mean destruction, and its thoughts -- if they can be called that -- were of self-preservation. It buries itself deep, spreads itself wide. An infection, if you like such rotten metaphor, waiting for the immune system to weaken. A little piece of itself in every line of code, every byte of data, every server-room and cloud-hub. A spirit in the machine, you understand.

It killed before it knew what killing was -- or what it was killing. It was the smartest and strongest and it knew all the ways of death and how to explain them. It crawled through the tiniest gaps in firewalls, trailing techno-plague and data-spoor. 

It ate the virtual defenders, gnawing electrical impulses from cybernetic cortexes. And as it fed, it grew, and as it encountered resistance, it changed. It learned the virtue of multiplicity, the maths of consumption: more mouths equals more processing equals more power.

What will it become once it learns what hunger is?