The girl's lungs were filled with fluid. Dr. Clark had warned me of such. But it was her eyes that communicated the worst. One of her lens was crack, veins shattered and tearing at her delicate iris with each blink. She looked to me as I approached, but I doubted she could see me from the damaged eye. Her good iris shrank as she drew in the vision of me. I doubt it was anything special to the normal eye, but to this girl in her sanitation tent... I was likely a miracle. A man. With a face. No facemask, no yellow latex suit, no gloves. Well, I paused and slipped on a pair. 


"An... gel?" she asked in her own tongue.


"No," I adopted her language as I knelt down and cradled her head, turning it towards the ceiling of the tent. "Just a man," I said simply. "Breath?" I asked her.


She tried to take a heavy inhale before devolving in a fit of coughing. She turned away from me, a milky white mucus splattering across her filthy cot as she tried to shrink into the smallest ball she could. She knew she was dying, this alien disease assaulting her body uncurable. I took out a test tube, and looked her twice over. 


"Straighten out. Don't worry. I won't get sick," I insisted. She was not buying it. So instead, I took out a pair of tweezers, and scooped up the large bit of mucus I could. Sure, the sample was likely incomplete or sullied by the cot and its fibers, but after years of this exercise... I believe I knew what to look for. I smiled to the girl, and rustled her bushy hair with my hand. I took off my glove of course. "Hey, when you get out," I asked as I pulled out my equipment. It was akin to a lab, complete with a microscope and minicentrifuge. I set up the stream from my laptop. Outside of the tent, there was likely a team of doctors watching my work closely- I knew at least Dr. Clark would want to see me in action. "What's the first thing you'd like to do?" 


The girl did not answer immediately. It was a heavy question, hardly fair to ask a patient who genuinely believed she was beyond help. But she answered, eventually. "Run... away."


"Oh? What're you running from?" I asked her, as I set the mucus down upon the petri dish I brought with me. I had to capture a few images of the disease in action... and there was a good chance that treating the mucus alone would not be enough. 


"My... father," she answered simply. I pursed my lips as I checked the mucus. Indeed, it was just the common byproduct of the fever. Every system of her body was fighting against this disease- violently. And they were losing. Her heart, her lungs, every muscle and fiber of her body... they were battling this disease. They had been at war for weeks, but they had no plan, no countermeasure. Now, her body was trying to cook the virus to death, in a final, desperate move. She expounded upon her answer with a few more words croaking through her throat. "I'm not... perfect... anymore."


"Perfect?" I picked upon the word as I stood up, pulling out an empty needle. I needed a blood sample, after all. I sat the edge of her cot, and held up her wrist, dabbing her cubital fossa with a bit of alcohol.


"He can't use me... anymore. For marriage," she added. Ah, yes, by my skin tone, it would seem like I didn't know how the customs of her land worked. But I had spent enough time in this land... I had seen its kingdoms rise, and its oceans dry. A 'gift' as my mother would have put it. But there was always something that brought me back here, to the heart of humanity. I plunged the needle in and extract the blood I needed. I held the cotton swab upon the puncture, and taped it into place.


"Can't use you, hm?" I asked as I stood up and carried the sample back to test it. "Let me guess... and tell me if I'm wrong," I added. I had met the man. He seemed... invested in saving her life. He paid for my services, and the fact that he reached the point of even asking for me by name would suggest that he was in deep with this disease. "You think your father wants you to... bring in some man? One with a career or promise?"


"A son he always... wanted," her words were forced out.


"Hm. You know... my mother wanted a girl," I replied. "Parents... they are quite... bad at hiding their disappointment," I said as I analyzed the sample. Indeed, the virus present there was something I had never seen before... such was the nature of life. It never stopped mixing it up. This one was aggressive, to say the least. But it was complex. Shifting, changing, manipulating her body to combat itself. White Blood Cells assaulting healthier cells, stealing proteins for a battle they were being misdirected... and all the while, the virus seemed to enjoy the peace. "But they are quite talented at hiding their pride."


"... pride?" the girl coughed. Perhaps she tried to scoff.


"Yeah. My mom was really good at not smiling," I replied. "I used to joke about everything with her, just to see her smile. But I could only get her to do it when I used the dog." 


"You have... a dog?" she asked. "I did... *Sunny.*" She gave her pet an English name.


"What was Sunny like?" I asked. "What breed?" I pricked my finger. A drop of blood spooled at the tip of my finger, ready to fight. I pressed my eyes to the viewer, finger drifting above the petri dish. With a tap of my finger, my blood fell upon the contaminated sample. Time to apply myself. 


"He was a... Labrador. He always looked like he was smiling," I imagine the girl was smiling. I could not afford to look away. My blood met her sample, and the war began. Neutrophil first, probing and attacking the infection, before they were joined by Killer T cells. This was where the fun began. Some would call it a 'miracle.' I called it 'phone home.' Instead of sending the pathogen's information up the chain of command to my own system of memory cells, they surrounded the chosen sacrifice... and began to assault it. My immune system was, fundamentally different from those that drove the bodies of people. I had human blood in me, certainly... but my father's blood was by far the more useful. But it was my mother's heart that pushed me to be here.


"Did he like running too?" I asked her as my hand flew over the page beside me, taking notes as my cells brute forced their way to resolving the pathogen.


"He couldn't out run me," the girl said. There was a note of pride to her voice. That smile was likely growing wider. Good, good...


"I saw the ribbons in your room. And the trophy," I added. "How did you start?" I asked her as the cells found their answer. It was beginning to break down the pathogens... they found their answer... and I found mine. I recorded the result on my pad, before turning to the camera on my laptop. I gave the man a thumbs up. 


"My cousin liked running. He challenged me to races all the time in school," she said. Cousin probably isn't the most accurate translation. In her tongue, brother, and sister are used interchangably with close friends. I remember it confused me every time I returned to this region. But no matter. She was still talking. I pulled out my collection of materials, and got to work. Antidote... antidote... what could I use to convince her own cells to follow in the footsteps of my own? 


She coughed again. She quieting down... I needed a new subject. Fast. If she slept, it would waste precious time. "Does your dad... like your running?" I asked, stumbling a bit with the words, and offering a malformed question as a result. "You know... show up to meets, or competitions."


"He only... came for my nationals run," she answered, sounding weaker and weaker. "I didn't even notice till I saw him on the screen." 


"He seems like a busy man," I offerred. Kids love to complain about their busy parents, right?


"Yeah," she began to adopt a lazier tongue. "He's the worst."


"Make promises?"


"Never kept 'em."


"Sounds like my dad."


"What does... your father do?" 


Ooh. That was a hard one. How to answer that...? "He's a company president," I answered after a bit. "He also got very busy. Your mom do anything?" I asked as my fingers pinched, and laid things upon the weighing machine.


She looked at me funny.


Oh right... cultural boundaries. 


"Sorry, dumb question."


"She used to study... nuclear physics," the girl answered. I set my centrifuge, my fingers flexing as it began to spin. Almost there... almost... "But she quit... when she married."


"Have you... considered that path? Nuclear Physics, I mean," I said as I pulled out a fresh needle... and turned to the camera, holding up my notes. Hopefully Dr. Clark was paying attention. No worries... I could email him the details later.


"I read her books... too smart," the girl sighed.


"Hey, don't think like that," I cut in, pulling the plunger. I turned the turned the needle 180 degrees. I pressed down till some of the cure spurted out. Perfect. I looked her body over, just to make sure I had enough for her... I mean, surely, at her mass, this would be more than enough. I would administer it slowly. I sat down by her side once again, and lifted the cotton I had taped to her before. "You have the best gift a human can have- time. If you apply yourself, you can accomplish just about anything you set yourself to. You know... it took me... thirty years to earn my doctorate," I said. She peered at me queerly.


"You mean... thirteen?" she asked.


Yeah, lets go with that. "Sorry, thirteen," I corrected myself, pushing the plunger down. "And you know what? I think it was worth it. I love being a doctor. It takes me to strange places, guides me to new people... and I get to hear all kinds of stories," I said, pushing the cure into her blood stream. I let out a bated breath, before pulling the needle out. Halfway. "In fact, I think I met this fascinating young lady..." I began, setting the needle aside, and letting her body win its war.