Looking at the decaying poster plastered across the alleyway, the man paused for a moment, lost in memories. 

Nobody knew where it started, and nobody had time to care. Within weeks of the first sighting, the vamps had swept across Europe, and the United States Quarantine Zone barely lasted a week. It was hard to figure out what they looked like, let alone how to fight them, and it took the army years before it discovered their tactics and weaknesses. For every person that was killed or drained by a vamp, within a matter of days they would succumb to the infection. Superhuman speed, endurance, and near-flight. But even though they looked like someone you knew, all of their emotions were replaced with thirst. 

Mankind used to have two big advantages: working together and using tools. Both of those became liabilities, and in a matter of months society as they knew it had completely collapsed. Artificial light did nothing except alert them to the presence of humans, and modern weaponry did nothing against creatures so fast, so vicious, and so durable. All that worked was sunlight, decapitation, and stakes. Suddenly, mankind's reliance on technology had become a liability, and they knew it. 

Most just despaired and watched as their family turned, then just gave in. Some took up arms for a brief while and then ended themselves before they could get turned. The strongest, those that survived, had two traits: adaptability and ruthlessness. The cold impersonality of long-ranged rifles and guns was replaced with the intimate, uncomfortable feeling of a stake and a knife. The darkness, something that humanity had considered conquered ages ago, had reclaimed its place as the top of humanity's enemies. 

Flashing out of his reminiscence, the man tightened the strap holding the crossbow over his back. The setting sun illuminated the cold, desolate ruins around him, the fading banner one of the last traces that this had ever been an inhabited city. He checked his bandolier of stakes and the knives at his side, then felt the comforting weight of his backup stake in the bottom of his boot. Throwing his heavy hunting cloak over his back, he briefly paused: Why bother going out night after night to face untold horrors when he could just end it all in an instant?

Then he remembered the look on his daughter's face the moment before she turned and the rage that had sustained him since that night. He may be the last of humanity that he was aware of, but he would make sure that he went out with a roar, not a whimper. Fastening his cloak over his back, the man went outside to reclaim the night.