They call me the dreamer both because of the surreal landscapes I often paint and also because of the way that I paint. Ever since I was a young boy I would get woozy then wake up several hours later with a strange world put onto paper. They are never the same, but they are always hauntingly beautiful. It was as if somebody took a photograph of some alien world with impossible physics. I thought this was normal until it happened one day in Geometry class. They said I laid my head down for a few seconds before taking out some paper and mumbling jibberish as I sketched *Desert #7.* I had to change schools because of the names after that.

Lately, I have noticed a strange trend in my paintings though. Most people have experienced the feeling of being watched when they're in front of a professional portrait. There's an optical illusion where it looks like the eyes are following you. This is very natural. What isn't natural is getting this feeling from a landscape. Yet, there I was with such a predicament.

It was one of the simpler ones I had done. Imagine if the African plains had curving bluffs and octagonal sections of dense rain forest. Then I noticed it; there was a single lidless eye subtly painted in one of the trees. It seemed like it was almost intentionally camouflaged in the pitted bark. That was pretty eerie since I never remember painting these, but who am I to argue with sleeping me when he's the one who pays the bills? At least, that's what I reasoned in my head at the time.

After that, every painting had anywhere from one eye to 7 in it. They were usually integrated seamlessly into the landscape, hidden in the leaves or the bark or the stones. Most people didn't notice the eyes themselves, but you could see the discomfort in their body language at my showings. It started taking longer to sell my paintings, but they were going for a higher price. Apparently they became really popular in the fringe occult crowd. You would be surprised what kinds of strange hobbies the exuberantly rich can afford.

This was how it went for years. I would paint a pretty landscape that had creepy eyes in it, it would sit on auction for months, then it would be snatched up for double the asking price out of nowhere. I couldn't complain until today. Today is an entirely different story. This morning I woke up mid-creation if I can even call it that. The terrain looked like something I would usually draw, but the sky was something else. Just looking at it made my head hurt. It was as if I were being forced to look at a color that didn't exist or a shape with no edges or curves. The only thing I could make out clearly was a face with an ever-changing number of eyes and a grin that spoke of anything but joy.

I can't stand looking at it anymore. Every time I try to turn it away from me, I find myself turning it back around. Whenever I try to leave the room, I find myself carrying it with me. I tried to slash it with a steak knife, but my freshly bandaged thigh is testament to how that went, and I swear I heard giggling as I swore and cursed after stabbing myself. 

I can't take it. It won't leave me alone. It hurts just to look at, and it won't let me stop looking. I want to stop, but I find myself drawn to it in a way, like it's calling to me. I have decided to take my own life to escape. I only hope that there are no dreams in the long sleep.