Some days, I don't really know why I took this job. Being shot at by somebody who looks remarkably like me - but isn't - is not my idea of a good time. This is the absolute worst case scenario in my line of work and one of the main reasons I try not to use those damn things.

Being sent on assignment across the country was supposed to simple: I'd board a train, hit the airport and travel via air, the old-fashioned way. None of this space-age teleportation nonsense. I've always had an aversion to the experience of my molecules being disintegrated and re-formed in another location. I've only done it a handful of times. 

And you know what that means; I'm not even the original. That guy is loooooong dead. Most folks don't know the dark truth behind Tele-Corp's "convenient" and "safe" technological innovation. Ha! Why would they even try to learn about it? It doesn't conform to the latest trend or fad and certainly isn't bright, nor colorful enough to hold the attention of most of the population. It's a depressing, sinister truth, steeped in the blood of its users. But no one seems to care about that, when it's convenient.

That is, unless it's their turn to be hunted. 99% of all teleportations go remarkably well; sure, there's a bit of discomfort, a slight numbing of the limbs and brief flash of white light, but that's not terrible. Users wake up, slightly dazed, but intact. 99% of the time, things go well. When things go awry, that's when people like me are brought in. I'm a Hunter - part of a select group of Tele-Corp engineers who know what's really going on with the machines and are complicit in making sure no one else finds out.

Is it unethical? Probably. Do I care? Not as such. I'm making a killing (if you'll pardon the pun) doing this job, and I've only had to go on two hunts in the ten years since we discovered the fatal flaw in the technology. But now, as a direct result of that last assignment, I'm on my third: me. So now I face a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with someone who knows my every move. This should be a challenge. I'm not even sure which one of us stepped into that booth back in San Diego, really; I don't give a rat's ass about that. All I'm concerned with is survival.

I look out and see him searching for me across the street. He has his back turned, totally oblivious to my location. I raise my pistol and line up my shot and...

I look down to see my clone's corpse crumpled on the ground before me. He hesitated and missed his shot. Too bad for him. If he hadn't stopped to ruminate on whatever it was he was thinking about, he'd still be breathing. I pick up his pistol and, crouching behind a bush, line up shot just as my other clone looks over. As I squeeze the trigger, there's a flash and...

I breathe a sigh of relief as my doppleganger explodes. I'm glad I had those flash grenades and even happier he took out my double. Feeling as if the coast is clear, I put my hands in my pocket and walk down the street. It's a beautiful day. Birds are singing and a light rain is beginning to mist down from the sky. I feel a sharp pain in my neck and...

I let the corpse of my clone fall to the ground. It's time to report back to Tele-Corp, but this time I'm taking the train. I wonder how many times that booth malfunctioned and how busy I'm going to be this weekend. I take out a cigarette, light it and think to myself: well, at least it isn't the worst job I've ever had. 