It was an old polaroid made of hammered grey metal. I don't know why I bought it at the yard sale. Maybe out of respect for the old lady who had been a good friend of my wife, her folks had been trying to pay for her funeral after all. Or maybe I bought it because it reminded me of my childhood. My father had given me the exact model on my thirteenth birthday. I'd loved it but as the better Japanese versions came into the market I dumped it in my attic and forgot about it.

I inspected it as I walked back home. There was something about its brassy smoothness, the satisfying heaviness of the film compartment and the old school ergonomic design which just compelled my fingers to slither over its button and press it. Devices didn't come with such bold, protruding, springy buttons anymore. 

I pointed it at the closest building I could find, a Walmart. What a poor choice of subject, I thought with a half-smile. The rollers whirred and the blank film slowly ejected from the exit slot. I plucked it out and shook it as it slowly materialized. It was black and white. But the difference was glaring. I held up the photograph. Was it printing off old reels? There were a bunch of ugly cuboidal stores with neon signs dangling from the top. Old Jerry's small grocery shop was still there. But no Walmart. I scratched my head.

I got back home, sat down on my dining table and took the picture out again. It could've been from an old reel, but it was quite a coincidence for me to stand at the exact spot and snap a picture from the same angle. I lifted the machine, pointed it towards the kitchen area, and snapped another.

The walls, the cabinets, the stove, it was all the same. A little less cranky, perhaps. But at the corner of the image I could see the edge of a gown. Or was it a billowing curtain? I looked back up towards the kitchen and squinted. Then I turned towards the sink and snapped again.

My fingers trembled as I removed the photograph. Rita was looking back at me. My wife, beautiful as ever, her hair tied back in her morning bun. I drew a deep breath. How was this possible? My wife had passed away nine and a half years ago. 

I turned the camera towards myself and snapped another. I looked at the film as it slowly formed. There I was- younger, handsome, looking away with the guilty eyes of a serial liar.

I was back in time- to those days when I had a happy life but didn't realize it. In just that picture, in those smug eyes and the fake smile, I could see the trajectory of my life getting mapped. What was I doing? The small, mundande, off-the-cuff decisions that didn't seem to matter in the long run at the time had charted the course my life, leading to me sitting here and looking at this photograph- a lonely, decrepit and sad man.

I wished I could reach into the picture and shove myself, nudge myself out of committing those mistakes. Back then, if I'd realized how wrong I was, maybe my wife would still be here. Maybe, just maybe, Jess' life wouldn't have been ruined. 

The haze of the past was slowly lifting and memories of that morning returned to me, clear as the evening sky. It had been my turn to prepare breakfast and Rita's to do the dishes. I remembered what I was thinking about- it was about Jess and my rendezvous that afternoon. The next day, Jess would disappear and be found later in the forest. Death by blunt force trauma to the head, the police had called it. I was the prime suspect. I had been the last person to see her. I had claimed to not remember anything, that I was blacked out, probably from my excessive drinking those days. Eventually, no concrete evidence could be found. They couldn't even find a murder weapon. The case went cold. 

Although they never could pin the murder on me, my philandering became a matter of public record. Married guy murders his mistress- that's what everyone believed. Those whispers still follow me in public places.  My wife never could come to terms with my betrayal. She never asked for a divorce, she just retreated into a cocoon and never came out. She died of overdose a few months later.

Next morning I was at the jogger's track. Ten years ago, on this day and around this time, Jess should have gone on her last morning jog. I snapped pictures of the parking area but couldn't find anything out of the ordinary. I walked along the side of the track and kept taking photos in both directions, most of them were empty. Some had blurry images of joggers wheezing by. One picture had a young guy  with a spider tattoo across his arm walking slowly across the track. He carried what seemed like a heavy garbage bag. A P&R employee? Garbage man? I'd have to check the records. I snapped more photographs of the track. A few more joggers but none of them looked like Jess. These old cameras weren't good at motion-tracking.

Where was she? I referenced the photo of the young man with bag and aimed towards the woods in the distance. I looked closely. There was an unusual blot at a short distance from the track. As if a shadow was flitting around concealed by the trees. I moved closer to the trees and snapped another. It was a person, its silhouette was getting bigger, as if we were coming closer to each other. 

I looked back and saw that I'd ventured away from the track. I moved back and frantically snapped along the track to catch Jess. There she was! I was overcome with a mixture of relief, nostalgia and regreat at the same time. I ran slowly in her direction, bending and snapping pictures. Sweat glistened over her body, but her pace was slower than usual. Remembering, I turned to the woods and snapped another picture. The figure was coming out, getting closer to the tracks.

I felt a jolt. The camera fell down with a clatter. 

"Excuse me!" It was a jogger. He looked angry. I had broken into a run to keep snapping pictures of Jess jogging behind me. I apologized to him. He gave me a stern, suspicious look as I bent down to collect the polaroid and the image it had spat out.

Jess had stopped. The hooded figure was standing not far away. It was talking to Jess. I took more snaps. The hooded figure and Jess started walking along now, moving through the woods. I followed them in their direction and kept clicking pictures.

At the other edge of the woodland a car was parked. I hadn't seen it before. Somebody was already waiting in the driver seat. I took down its number as it drove off. I noted down the road it had driven off then ran back to the parking lot to get my own car.

I stepped on the gas and floored it, taking pictures across the highway, seeing an empty morning road, or occasionally a different car. About twenty five miles on the wilderness started. This was where she had been discovered. 

I slowed down and snapped until I saw the car parked along the curb. The backseat door was open. 

I stepped down the road and dashed across the forest until I took a snap that found them. Jess was there. She carried a shovel and was digging. The hooded stranger was just watching her. I moved around to get a good look at the hooded figure. It was concealed by the shadow of the trees and the picture was too grainy. I felt hate grow inside me. This person had ruined my life. I had been planning to confess to my wife. I was going to tell Jess that it was over, that I was married and that I was sorry. I had been ready to atone for my sins. But this had happened instead- this hooded figure had not only killed Jess but also taken my wife away from me.

I kept snapping pictures and let the polaroids drop to the ground. I was sweating, anxious. Memories were returning, guilt was overpowering me. In between the loud snaps I didn't notice footsteps approach behind me.

"It's been ten years since I saw you." A voice behind me said.

I turned around to find the jogger I had bumped into.

"Who are you? What are you doing here?"

He punched me in the gut and I fell on the floor, panting. The camera had dropped away from me. I reached for the polaroids lying scattered on the ground. The hooded figure and Jess seemed to have had an argument. Jess had stopped shoveling. In the next pictures there was a scuffle- a confusion of black and white that I couldn't quite make out. Then I saw Jess lying in the hole they had dug holding her head. The hooded figure had taken something out of its coat- it was a polaroid camera splattered in blood. The same one as I had held recently. 

I scrambled through the leaves and picked up the last couple of photograph, they hadn't materialized yet. I shook them and blew on them frantically. The young man with bag had come along the edge of the frame dragging the bag with him. He had raised his hand and shouting at the hooded stranger in dumbfounded confusion. His hand let go of the bag. An arm fell out, then a slumped head revealed itself. It was mine.

The man picked up my polaroid camera, I noticed a spider tatto across his hand. "She should've killed you ten years ago," he said as he smashed my head with it. I was on the floor, bleeding, consciousness was leaving me. I clutched the crumpled photograph in my hand and tried to catch a glimpse of the last photograph as my vision darkened around the edges. The hood was off and Rita was staring into the camera. The man had run off. She was holding up a note, looking directly at me. "I am sorry," it said.






