As soon as everyone started staring, I began to sweat. I don't know what it was, but I just got this weird feeling deep in the pit of my stomach. I asked the agent to check it again, and when he does, he says "Okay John you're good to go". Weird, I thought.  Maybe just a computer glitch, that happens sometimes, right? As I began to walk towards my gate, I noticed that it was strangely quiet in the airport.  Nobody was saying a word, the only thing the broke the silence was the automated voice reminding us all of the time and what flights were boarding. I still could not shake that feeling from my stomach. I started walking faster, at this point I just wanted to get on my plane and get out of there. Everyone was giving me glances, trying to make it so I didn't notice, but I did. I got to my gate, and sat down to wait to board my plane. At this point the back of my shirt was soaked with sweat. Finally, after what seemed to be an eternity, it was time to board the plane. I got on the plane, and everyone was still quiet, but it seemed a bit more normal now. I was feeling like maybe it was just the stress of the situation getting to me. I started to relax in my seat. I had a long flight ahead of me, from New York to San Francisco. After a few minutes of other passengers boarding, the voice came one the intercom, "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to flight 223 from New York to San Francisco. We have a special guest with us today, please give a round of applause to John Kelly." There was the sweat again. I'm nobody special, I thought. I didn't want to be there anymore, but it was too late to get off the plane. Starting to panic, I noticed that there were four men all sitting close to me, wearing the same black and white suits. Shit. What the hell is going on here, I wondered. The flight to San Francisco was uneventful, until we landed, and I saw what was waiting. Six black government SUV's were waiting on the tarmac. One of the men in the suits turned and looked at me, giving me a slight smile. I felt a prick in my leg. Oh God. I couldn't control my body. I wasn't asleep, I was fully aware of everything, but I had no control. As soon as the plane fully stopped, the four men stood up, and I stood up behind them, and began following them. I felt like my body was a robot being controlled by a remote. We all exited the plane, and made our way toward the SUV's. I followed one of the men into the back seat of the third SUV. I sat down and immediately got tired. The last thing I remember is the man saying to me, "It's been a long journey, but finally, we have found you. You are the chosen one."