"Hey Brayden, aren't you getting thirsty?"

The challenge was enough for the 16 year old to grin smugly. He reached his right arm in a circle, grabbing at the empty air until he managed to wrap his skinny fingers around his Nalgene bottle. He pulled it towards his torso, opened the top, and tilted his head back to pour the cool water into his throat, all while making sure to keep his eyes on Nick, his only opposition in this simplistic, yet important, contest. 

Brayden put the water bottle down. "Ahh... refreshing. I bet YOU can't do that without looking away," Brayden taunted, baiting Nick into completing the task. 

"Nah, I'll pass. Not that thirsty. Thanks for the offer, though."

"You so sure? It's been almost fourteen minutes," Brayden said, sneaking a glance at the pace clock they had set up to see how long this staring contest would last.

"I'm sure. If I needed it I would have taken it, idiot." Nick was focused on his task of glaring at Brayden's brown eyes. His intent was to win. 

Seconds dragged. Minutes felt like hours. Tears began rolling down their cheeks. But, in the twentieth minute, something happened. Brayden saw it first, nothing big, just a small shift. The clock twitched, then the computer that sat behind Nick. Brayden's eyes bugged even more than they already were. "Hey, uh, Nick, did, uh, did you just, uh, did you see that?" he asked, his voice shaking against his will.

Nick noticed his fright, seeing as he had been staring at Brayden for 20 minutes. "What are you talking about? I didn't see anything." He kept staring.

"We can do this again later. Something's wrong. Blink on three." Brayden took up a commanding tone now, dropping the joking attitude he always carried with him. Nick was baffled, confused, and mildly annoyed, but one thing he wasn't was a loser. Brayden began counting. "1... 2... *THUD*." 

Nick slumped out of his chair onto the carpeted floor. Brayden followed suit afterwards. Their bodies began to dissipate, their image erased from pictures, time itself altered until Brayden Held and Nick Fraylin never had been a part of it.
***
Nick jolted to life. 

Across the room, he saw a man, standing by a tube. The tube was opened. The image brought Nick to realize he was in a tube of his own, except his was closed. The  space was comfortable, but barren except for the padded slab of material he rested on, laying almost straight up but tilted back slightly. The tube was made of a clear material, and he was able to see the man pull a boy out of the tube.

Brayden.

The man set Brayden down and rushed over to Nick's tube. Nick vaguely heard a series of high-pitched beeps, and an outside latch on his tube popped open. The clear material opened like a door, and the man began to free Nick from the bindings that held him to the bed. "You are so lucky I'm here, kid," the man said, his voice a deep menace that scared Nick. As soon as the last restraint was released, he helped Nick down the the floor. Brayden was there by now, and the two boys embraced. The man let them reconcile, but as soon as they let go, he began to talk.


"Listen to me. You two broke the sim. We count on blinking to make our updates, we've gotten very good at it. But, the sim world has gotten more complex, and there's more we have to update. You two kept your eyes open too long. Brayden, once you realized this, I was forced to pull your plugs. Everything you knew wasn't real. We were keeping humans in the sims to protect them from this world, the true world." The man paused for breath. "The two of you aren't safe here. If the Makers see you, they'll kill you. I already erased you from the sims. You need to go."

Brayden and Nick stared blankly. This time, they remembered to blink. The man walked over to a closet. Inside were backpacks that were labeled 'OUTSIDER'. He handed the two teenagers one bag each, and a map. "There's a gun, two weeks of food, and standard survival gear in there. The map is of the complex.

"You need to go. Now."