“I finally made it out of there.”

Jacob began telling Martin of his terrifying experience. He had been withdrawn for days and now he was finally letting Martin know what had happened.

“I’m still not done though, I’ve got to get back.” Jacob struggled desperately in his restraints to get away.

“Slow down Jacob, take me back to the beginning.” 

“At first it was like a dream. Driving down the desert road, smoking a j, listening to the radio. I even had the top down so I could feel the wind blowing through my hair like a cheap scalp massage. Just as I was feeling really good, my eyes started to burn and my vision was steadily getting more blurry. I felt like I couldn’t hold my head up much longer.

This isn’t the first time this has happened to me while driving. I usually reach for some water and try to gulp it down to snap back to clarity. On only a few occasions have I had to force myself to pull over, knowing I could really hurt someone driving in that state. Luckily I spotted a shimmering light in the distance that I took to be some kind of rest stop. I could not have been more wrong.

As I pulled the car underneath the porte-cochère I wondered exactly what they would charge for a night at this establishment, but I knew I had to stop for the night. I tipped the valet upfront, hoping that would keep the car from getting used in a drifting race between the attendants. Weirdly enough I never remembered grabbing cash before I left. The  concierge was waiting in the doorway, a nice enough looking woman with a million dollar smile. She informed me that a room was ready and she would take me there immediately. In my hazy state I didn’t have the brain power to question the lack of
my requesting a room. I followed this woman as she lit a candle to take us through the lobby of the building that oddly enough lacked adequate lighting. To add to the absurdity, I heard a mission bell off in the distance even though the time didn’t seem to correlate to that being necessary. Voices down the corridor began to get louder. I heard a bell hop welcome a ragged looking couple to “The Hotel California,” or at least that’s what I thought I heard him say. The mood of this place was elegant yet at the same time it was eerie. For a fleeting moment I thought maybe it was some type of hell, but once we reached the room I thought maybe this was actually heaven.

“Such a lovely place,” I was saying to the concierge as she let me into the room. “Well we always have room here, pretty much any time of year” she replied. She really did have a lovely face and I had to remind myself internally not to say that out loud accidentally.”

“Jacob stay on track,” Martin implored his friend. He struggled to see him acting this way. The days when they were just kids having fun during the summer and causing trouble during the school year seemed so far away now.

“I’m sorry, it’s just so much of the trip has been burned into my brain yet I have all these partial memories from there too.

I remember going down to the the bar after I got my room. There was a woman there drinking by herself. I don’t usually approach strange women at bars, but for some reason I was draw to this one. She was decked out in fancy jewelry, so much so that she looked like a mannequin at a Tiffany’s when she stood still. I tried not to pre-judge her, but it was pretty obvious that she was a silver spooned sort. Jaded by all that jewelry around her neck. 

Our conversation mostly revolved around her new Mercedes Benz and all the “pretty boys,” as she called them, that she had as friends. I’m not sure why I didn’t just get up and leave at some point. Maybe my mind was second hand twisted by all the Tiffany’s. She motioned to the courtyard to show me where all her friends were dancing at the moment. It looked like a sweaty affair to be honest. I don’t know if it was the drinks or just her personality, but I specifically remember her saying “some dance to remember, some dance to forget.” A philosopher this woman could not be I thought, but in my current state I could not be sure of anything. Her words stung deep and I began to think about him.”

“Yes Jacob, let’s talk about ‘him’...” Martin began.

“No, no not just yet. There is still more to discuss.”

“That’s fine Jacob, I’m here to listen.”

“I asked the bartender if they had any wine, as that usually leads to a good night’s sleep. He informed that I would have to call “The Captain” for that type of order. It was a weird system to me, but I didn’t want to rock the boat at that current hour so I called up The Captain on the house phone. He immediately yelled into the phone that they haven’t had that type of spirit since 1969. Then I thought I heard the bell hop or the couple from earlier on the other end of the phone welcoming me to the hotel.

Suddenly I was in my room, still hearing those voices on the other end of the phone but now in my head. It was much later or at least felt like it was much later that night. I went out into the hall from my room. I could hear different parties all around, like it was spring break at a hotel in Daytona or something. For a second I admired how lovey this place was though and also how lovely the face was on the woman passing me at the moment, before I realized that something wasn’t right.

A police officer approached my room and I ducked back inside. Before I could close it all the way, a large hand caught the door. The officer asked if I had just arrived or if I had been here for a while. Not remembering much further than the past couple minutes since I had woken up, I told him that I had been there for a while. He turned and shouted at a man in a suit who must have been a detective type, “Alibi checks out.” He thanked me for the time and let me close the door. 

At this point I was just ready to go to sleep and get started anew in the morning. As I lay in my bed, staring up at the mirrored ceiling, I wondered about him. Where could he be? But my thinking was interrupted by the concierge. She was in the room but I had no idea how she got there. Next to her was one of those wine bucket stands with a bottle of champagne cooling inside. “Pink champagne?” she offered with a coy smile on her face. I told her no thank you but asked her if she knew where I could get some food.

A voice from behind me startled me. “We are just prisoners here of our own device,” she spoke. It was the woman from the bar. Again her words somehow cut so deep, while at the same time seeming shallow and out of place from her. I told them both I would find food myself and left the room. I went down a long hallway before coming to a door that read “Master’s Chambers” above. Something compelled me to push forward into the room, it was possibly the smell of food but I can’t be sure.”

“Jacob I really must ask that...”

“I’m almost there Martin,” he said reaching out for his old friends hand. Martin grabbed it and let out sigh.

“All right, lets hear it.”

“There was a feast going on in the room. Tables lined what seemed like every square inch of the place. People were engaged in raucous behavior and spirited conversations all around, but I couldn’t help notice a group standing around a table with knives trying to kill a beast. For some reason I couldn’t think of the animal’s name. Soon people were looking in my direction and the table with the  knives began to take notice of my presence. 

With great haste I fled the Master’s Chambers and began looking for an exit from this place. I remembered the lobby and the valet station from when I had arrived earlier. My car was the only way I could get back to where I had come from. After some time I found my way back to the front door of the hotel. There was a night man working the door and the valet station. I had no claim ticket in my pockets, but the man seemed unfazed. He said to me “Relax my friend, we are programmed to receive.” His words were strange, but also right at the same time. “You can check out anytime you like, but he can never leave.” With that he pointed back to the lobby and a young boy sitting in a chair too big for him. It looked like he was just waiting.

It was him...my boy...my son. There was dried blood on his forehead but he looked fine otherwise. My car had arrived and the night man was offering me the keys. I began to head towards the figure that looked like my son. I wanted so badly to hold him in my arms, to kiss his sweet face. The night man put his hand on my chest and just shook his head. And with that I woke up here Martin.

I need your help. I know I can get back there and bring him with me. I just need your help.”

Jacob began pulling again at his restraints. His eyes became wild and he began screaming. All the levelheadedness from his storytelling was gone. He just kept yelling “take me, take me.”

“I’ll help you Jacob” Martin told his friend. “I’ll help you.”

Martin got up from his chair and went to the door of the room they were in at the hospital. He looked back at his old friend for a moment. Out in the hallway Martin spoke briefly with a nurse. Then he approached a woman in a chair near Jacob’s room. 

“I’m sorry Delilah, it’s not good news.” He said as he hugged the woman. “He still believes Jeffrey is in some place that he can bring him back from. It’s been almost a year and we still can’t break this cycle.” Delilah broke down in tears. Not only had she lost her son to a drunk driver the year prior, she had lost her husband who blamed himself for not being able to save him. 

