It was dark and somber the last few hours before we were suppose to touch down. We didn't know what we were going into, but we had a mission.

The alarm blared. 

I clench my rifle. I was ready.

The door opened.

"Get ready to die motherfu- wha..."

It was my friend Steve. One of the astronauts on the first manned mission to the red planet. He was standing there in a white robe and a mojito in his hands. 

"Charlie... Uh. Well this is awkward. I thought we said not to send help." said Steve. 

He put his free hand at his waist. 

"We thought you... We thought you guys were dead!"

"Why would you think that?" 

"The cryptic message you guys sent us!"

"Oh right, Bill typed that up, I thought it sounded foreboding too." 

"So you guys are fine?"

"Yeah we're good."

"Is there life here?"

"Yeah yeah. Oh. Ayuktu, get your ass over here I want to introduce you to my buddy Charlie. We went to college together."

A slender green humanoid with an enormous head in a Led Zeppelin T-shirt and jean shorts strode over.  

"Sup." said Ayuktu.

The rest of the assault team lowered their guns.

"Hi." I replied. "We're from Earth. We're here to rescue our friends."

"Do you have to leave now? We were going to go fishing in the Frozen Sea later." said Ayuktu.

"Oh we're not leaving anytime soon Ayuk." Said Steve, shooting me an angry look.

"Excuse me?" I said.

"We're perfectly happy here. The natives have treated us with nothing but respect and kindness. Much more than we ever got back on Earth. We're joining their space program now! At least they have funding!" said Steve spilling his mojito with ever exaggerated hand movement. 

"You've got to be kidding me."

"No, I'm not. You know what else Ayuk and his people didn't do? Sleep with my ex girlfriend the day after she broke up with me Charlie!"

"This is ridiculous. You are ridiculous!" 

"I'm going to go...get another beer. This looks like something you guys gotta settle." said Ayuk.

"No no no no no. You stay right here Ayuk. Actually can you get me another drink too while you're over there?" He hands the alien his empty glass.

My radio crackles to life.

"What's going on over there?!" 

"Captain Steve is intoxicated and refuses to come back sir."

"You can't make me!"

"Put him on the radio!" said mission control.

"How about you put that radio up your asses? How does that sound commissioner? You can send my final paycheck on your next cheap ass, tin foil launch that almost killed us by the way because you couldn't care enough to use quality equipment."

Silence. 

"Alright, let's bring you boys home."

Ayuktu hands Steve his drink.

"You heard him. Bye bye!"

"Mojitos are gay Steve." I yell as the pod bay door closed.   