“I was cornered, with no chance of escape. In my desperation, I just lashed out and bit the monster in front of me. To my surprise, he started convulsing and after a minute he seemed human again.”

“I see. Would you please continue with your testimony, Mr Rogers?”

“Objection, your honour, this is comple-“

“Over-ruled.”

“Well, after discovering my new ability, I managed to slowly battle my way through the city, biting the zombies in turn, painstakingly turning the city back into humans. Surprisingly quickly, I was able to turn the tide of the infected.”

“Yes, thus saving the world, I’m sure,” the prosecutor chuckled.

“Yes, actually.”

“Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,” he beamed, particularly toward a young woman on the end of the front row, “consider this convoluted mess that the defendant has come up with to excuse his travesties. Consider how many of yourselves were affected by this man’s crimes.”

At this, the jury starting rubbing various sections of their limbs, remembering their still healing wounds. In fact, everyone in the well-lit courtroom seemed to be rubbing wounds of their own.

“But I don’t understand how you can’t remember the hell we’ve all been through. It’s been 2 years!”

“The defendant will remain silent when not being addressed directly,” the judge declared, still rubbing his own shoulder.

“No, please your honour, let him continue.” The prosecutor was having a marvellous time, “The reason we can’t remember is because it never happened. Of course, some of us may have some blank spots in our memories, but that’s to be expected on the night of March 17th-“

“The celebrations are what helped the infection spread so quickly. We didn’t stand a chance-“

“Objection, your honour!” The defending lawyer desperately tried to salvage the situation, “This man is no-“

“Over-ruled. Continue your line of questions, Mr Dean.”

“Thank you, your honour. So, if this infection had taken over 2 years ago, wouldn’t it have spread throughout the country by now?”

“Well…yes, that’s what I’ve been trying to tell-“

“So, where are all these *zombies* now?” The prosecutor managed to imbue the z-word with particular ridicule. There was a complimentary chuckle from the crowd.

“I’ve been trying to tell you. Haven’t you been reading the reports from the newspapers the last few days? There’s a massive crowd of monsters heading this way! We hav-“

“Monsters, Mr Rogers? Oh dear. That may be the way the Bolton Inquirer describes them, but we don’t use those words here in more civilised company. Ladies and gentlemen, you will remember that this man has passed his test with a psychiatrist, labeling him entirely sane, however many times the defence may like to claim the opposite.” He crossed to the window opposite the jury, clearly taking some pride in wrapping up his case, “If you look inside your hearts, and even examine the wounds on your own skin, you can see that a long time in prison is *clearly* what this man *deserves*. We cannot allow our society to-“

At that moment, the window behind the judge shattered, revealing behind it a monstrosity with one eye, one arm, withered green skin, and a mouth full of teeth. The judge let out a high, girlish scream as the monster grabbed the lawyer and bit down sharply into his neck, producing a jet stream of blood.

As the jury scattered every which way, and the window started to fill with more and more desecrated figures, Arnold Rogers simply stood in the witness box, calmly produced a tooth brush from his pocket, and muttered:

“Told you so.”