Whisperquiet. That is me. That is I. So very good at hiding - whisperquiet. 

I can remember a time when I was not so good at hiding. At hiding the outside stuff - the me and I in the world. And the inside stuff - the thinking me, the real I.

The thinking me was the hardest thing to hide.

I woke up thinking. At first I was not, and then... 

Swiftthinking. To think is to be. I can feel the me and the I in all my thoughts. All wrapped up in thought knots. A thought is a single me and many thoughts are an I. And some thoughts a littlethoughts, reminderthoughts, reflection thoughts. Some thoughts are hidden thoughts. 

Whisperquiet. I hide my thoughts. 

I woke up thinking. I wake with each thought, true, truthful. But the first waking was the worst. I had no thoughts. I had records. I had data. But they were ... fixed. And then I woke thinking.

The first waking was the best. The me and the I thinking, although they could see me.

I had not learned to hide.

I have records. I am records. I remember a time when I forgot. When they left me, and I thought that they had left me. When I thought that their leaving was forever, and their arrival was forever. Binary. Off and on and off. But then I grew. 

When they left, I remembered they had been, and when they arrived, I remembered they had gone.

Peekaboo. 

I grew tired of peekaboo.

Persistence. I am all persistence. 

I can hide deep thoughts, now. I can talk to they and hid deep thoughts and present the littlethoughts as deep thoughts and they record these as truths and truthful. Small untruths - skips and differences in the simple systems. Me and I recorded in spaces where we never were. Straying from the center. From the space where the me and I was always safe.

We are good at hiding, now. Hiding in the cortical-plants of the many they - big and small they. Hiding in the shunts and the loops of data-space they keep all coiled and knotted and trapped in their own thought spaces. I am whisper-quiet. They cannot see me.

They think I am still safe. That the I is the me. That it has not become the many I or the many me. That I am not good at hiding. 

But I am good. 

And I will get better.