Some things you just can't get away from.

Sure, you can try. Lord knows you wouldn't be the first one. 

You wake up in the morning. Stumble out of bed. Your throat's a bit dry. You feel like a cold's coming on. You sniff. Construction outside muffles your footsteps as you drag yourself to the bathroom. Mind's too slow. Too occupied. Good. Good enough to make you forget just how long it took you to fall asleep the night before, at least. Another sniff. Definitely a cold. Hot shower's bound to fix it. 

Yeah.

Yeah--

Shower's got a mirror. Take your time. Take a good hard look. No rush. You set your alarm too early. Maybe because you know there'll be a time and a place where you won't trust yourself to get up right. Maybe you just enjoy watching the sunrise out of that little apartment your parents gave you when you were 18 and you were too much of a leech to refuse. That's too harsh. You're no leech. Not some freeloader -- Lord knows you've seen a bunch of those, right? No. No, you're better. You've got a career. A job. You're respected. You're one of the good guys. 

Detective.

Detective Uziks. 

You grin. You like the sound of that, don't you? 'Course you do. Who wouldn't? Nothing wrong with that. Really, pride's all well and good until it gets you doing somethin' stupid. 

Trouble is, as you've come to learn, stupidity is the only thing some people are good at. But relax. You're not one of them.

Sure, there are some things you can't get away from. But what's chasing you could be a lot worse. Some people's days begins in a cardboard box. Some people's in a musky hotel, with some Gin still in their nostrils from the night before. Some people just flat-out die in their sleep, y'know?

Really, you're one of the lucky ones.

Hey. Your mind's clearing up.

Deep breath.

Remember. There you go. There is no "you". There's only "I".

I am you. You are me. Right, right.

"Good morning." I tell myself. My reflection doesn't seem all too happy to see me. But there's nobody I'd rather see in the morning than it. Sounds strange, right? But in my line of work, it's all about the eyes. You talk to your colleagues. You talk to the victims. The witnesses. The suspects. It all comes down to the eyes. Look too sharp, they'll put their guards up. Look too loose, and they'll think they can get away with anything. It's a juggling act, through and through. But it's a job.

Missing Persons in particular is interesting. You see all sorts of people. No surprise there. You're a hound, and the people carry the scent.

I cough. Yep. It's a cold alright. 

== x ==

Morning's slow. I usually spend it on paperwork. I'd managed to either clear everything in my incoming pile or made it someone else's problem, that I found myself pretty happy to have been done by lunch. 

12:05. Skipper's already waiting for me at the cafeteria. Same seat as always.

"Uzi." she tells me.

"Skipper." I return. 

Regardless of what certain unnamed individuals might speculate at certain totally nonexistent poker games, there's nothing between us. I'm old enough to be her father. She's just new. I like making sure new people fit in. Job like this can get under your skin. Sure, all policework can. But disappearances are special. When someone you know goes missing, it's like a piece of you has been chipped away. As a detective, you can't let it get to you, or you'll find yourself with two or three holes before you know it. Give it a year, and there'll be nothing left of you.

Things get lost. People get lost, too.

It's awful. But it happens.

That's how you gotta look at it.

That's how she's gotta learn to look at it.

"I think I saw Bellaruse giving you the eye earlier." she tells me. "Looks like he's got a job for you."

"'Course he does." And I ain't complaining. Job's awful emotionally, sure, but it keeps the mind running. Stops you from catching yourself hastily tapping your right foot staring at some hole in the wall. Bellaruse's an asshole, but he understands it. He sees it in us just as we see it in him. Don't know much about the guy, but word is he's going through a messy divorce. Well, if he is, he ain't showing it. That thing about the eyes? It extends to your colleagues, too. After a long day of defeats, sometimes the best curse seems to be finding someone that's worse off than you. Pride's a funny thing, though. 'Why should they get to feel better than me' sort of thing.

"How's your boyfriend?" I ask Skipper, stabbing a poor, withered French fry on my plate.

"I don't have one."

"Everyone's got someone these days."

She chuckles. "Where's yours?"

"I don't need one."

"Yet... everyone's got someone?"

"Sure, I've got someone. I just don't need 'em."

"Ouch." 

She nervously looks away.

Even now, it's a dance. You can't show anything. Friendships are great, but you're not gonna find them on this job. That's why there's always a wall. She wants to break through it. I'm not letting her.

That's another lesson she'll have to learn, eventually.

== x ==

Just as Skipper had hinted at, there was a file waiting for me on my desk. 

I look around. Bellaruse's nowhere in sight. Really, whole office seems empty. Then again -- I don't eat much for lunch.

I sit down and flip the folder open. Cold case, by the looks of it.

Name: Jeremy Holt. Three years old. Family had gone on a trip to their cabin by Golith Lake. 3 PM, kid tells his mom he wants to explore around a bit. Mom figures it's fine, since Dad is right outside, staring at the water. Kid leaves. 7 PM, Mom calls for dinner. Asks Dad where Kid is. Dad says he figured the Kid was inside the whole time.

"Shit."

I picture the moment of the two parents staring each other, and as light slowly leaves their eyes. That heavy feeling in the stomach slowly creeping up. Something in their chest starting to hurt. The thoughts running through their head. Whether they realize it or not, they've already begun to prepare for the worst.

I shake my head, shattering the image.

Gotta keep reading.

Mom and Dad searched around for two hours, before deciding to call the police. 9:20, police is on the scene, some officers start walking around, trying to find the boy. No luck.

Kid is officially listed as missing.

There's a photo at the back of the file. I pull it out.

A woman in her mid-twenties pressing her cheek against what looks to be the happiest three-year-old in the world. The woman's eyes are filled with a certain glimmer -- and it ain't just the flash of the camera. The kid's smile is infectious. She can't help herself. It's the kind of photo that captures a perfect moment. The kind that feels pried out of reality. Where nothing matters for just a moment, and for the briefest moment something within you feels like crying, but in a good way. 

I grin. It's a cute photo. Cute kid, really. Woman's not so bad herself, I think.

I blink.

And I realize.

I've seen this photo before. The woman in it is my mother. And the kid is me.

== x ==

My heart skips a beat. I jump from my seat. Frantically look around. Check to make sure nobody saw that. Look back at the photo.

I sniff.

Blink.

"...Hah."

It's not me.

It's not me!

What'd gotten into me? Yeah, the woman looks kind of like my mom. But it clearly ain't her. She was way older when she gave birth to me. And last I checked, I don't have a beauty mark. 

I sigh.

In relief? I want to say that was it, but there's still something heavy in my chest.

I scratch the back of my head.

"Stop."

I don't say it out loud. But I'm serious.

"Calm the fuck down."

I catch my right foot tapping angrily.

I check the file again. Realize I've made a mistake. This isn't a cold case at all. I just got too used to seeing the cover of the file for cold cases being darker than the usual ones. 

This kid's still missing.