"Alright, thanks. I'll let you know if she can make it," I set my phone down on the nightstand, massaged my temples, and sighed, then flopped out of bed and into my slippers. Ever since we got a hardwood floor (the dust was making the pregnancy difficult, she had said), it'd been too cold to walk around barefoot. 

My wife was in the kitchen, horking down her third pizza pocket this morning. Orange droplets of grease dripped from her sausage-like fingers onto our tablecloth, adding to its collection of warm-colored stains. Maybe someday we could frame it and sell it as modern art. She tilted her head in a barely perceptible nod as I sat beside her. We didn't make eye contact. 

"So, honey." I put on what I believed to be a sincere smile. "That was Doctor Boyer on the phone. He said to come in for an ultrasound this evening if you can make it." 

She didn't react. She did, however, reach over me and expertly wrangle a can of Dr. Pepper (the only Doctor she seemed to care about) from the six-pack on the counter. With a crack and a hiss, she downed the thing in three gulps. 

I coughed and continued. "I took the day off so I could drive you."

"Didn't have to. I'm not going. The baby's due soon and I'm not feeling well." She finally said, staring at the wall with deadened eyes. Probably contemplating what to eat next. 

"I just think it's best for the health of the baby." It was a daily charade by now that had gone on for fifteen years. She'd use her 'pregnancy' as an excuse to sit at home and loaf around all day. I'd use it to get out of work, out of concern for her. Both of us knew she was just fat. 

She, of course, didn't respond. I patted her on the shoulder. "I'll tell him you're refusing treatment again." 

I'd left to get my cell in the other room when I heard a loud crash. I ran back into the kitchen to find my whale of a wife convulsing on the floor, hyperventilating. Poor thing. All that cholesterol had finally caught up to her heart. Realizing I was still holding the phone, I dialed an ambulance. 

"Please come quick. I think my wife's having a heart attack." I have to admit, it didn't sound particularly urgent. Then again, I didn't particularly care whether she lived or died. 

"No, you idiot!" She screamed, thrashing her limbs. Her arms rippled like pudding while her legs slapped like ham against the linoleum. "My water just broke!" 

I dropped the phone in a rare moment of genuine shock. "You mean, all this time? Fifteen years? What's happening?" 

"I don't know! I wasn't pregnant but my water just broke!" She screamed as a puddle formed onto the floor. I cried as the stench wafted over me. It smelled like a dumpster and a septic tank had a kid and it was raised by a skunk. If the ambulance came in then I was pretty sure they'd put the room under quarantine. 

Thinking quickly, I ran over to the sink and grabbed a fistful of paper towels, soaked them in the half-melted mint chocolate ship ice cream sitting on the table, and wrapped them into a shitty bandana. It was sticky and unpleasant, but I could breathe again. 

Sirens wailed outside. I expertly navigated the piles of discarded burger wrappers and pillars of cardboard containers to fling open the door. "She's in the kitchen!" I shouted. They ran in with a gurney, took one look at her, ran back out, and came back with a much bigger, sturdier gurney. They dragged her off screaming into the ambulance. 

I slumped into the couch and breathed a sigh of relief. After fifteen years of suggesting it, she had finally said it outright and lied to me. And I had used my superpowers to make it truth. 

