*Author's note: Part 1 of this story is posted in reply to "How does the Grim Reaper react to a Zombie Apocalypse?".  After a couple of editing passes, part one is archived on a personal site, [PromptInspired](https://promptinspired.blog/2017/07/20/grim-avatar/).  I did not want to post it here, in consideration of Rule 1."*

*I apologize for the roughness.  I was interrupted a lot, and am operating under a time limit.  In time I will edit, refine, and post this to the blog as well.  At that time, I'll return here, and provide a link to anybody who expresses an interest.*

**Grim Saviors**

She didn't sleep, of course.  Her body didn't need it anymore, now that I'd taken it.  But everybody else slept, and so I sat in a watchtower with the man on watch.  He happened to be the father of this little body.  She would have been a zombie if her father hadn't had the courage to kill her, but I came instead.  

I looked into the darkness beyond the fences.  All that lived, and all that died yet lived, revealed what they knew to me.  I was aware of every ear, every eye, I knew the heart of everything that died.  It always made me feel less alone, looking into the dark.  To me, the dark always looked back, an old friend rich with stories.

Her father - Joshua - spoke, growing restless in the quiet.  "What do you need from us next?"

"The pinnacle of rock.  In the gorge.  You know it?"  Her little voice had been rough from coughing, but time had soothed the damage and this morning it rang clear, like a bell.  He nodded as I spoke.  "We're building a bridge to it.  We're going to level the peak of it and build a windmill."

He frowned, and shifted. "Maya, I don't--"

"That isn't my name." I interrupted, harshly.  It had to remain clear to us that I wasn't his daughter.  "She watches, but she doesn't act, and I will carry no messages.  I have told you this."  Somehow, though, I still felt an affection for him - this was a new thing for me.  Her soul - not a Christian concept, but the only word that came close to the truth - approved of this.  

He looked out over the wall again, toward the gorge we'd been talking about.  The sun was rising, and the pinnacles of the tallest mountains around us had begun reflecting it's light, the sunlight creeping downward.  "I have to call you something," he said, his voice a little surly.

"You do not.  It is a tired discussion.  You were saying something about the gorge."  I kept the body still, and her eyes cast over the landscape.

"I don't think it's a good idea.  It's dangerous.  Building bridges isn't easy, and our only engineer was a freshman in college.  Then demolition, construction, on the edge of a gorge.  What is it all for?  A windmill?"

"I'll provide schematics.  One of the soldiers had a disco ball hidden in storage for parties, and we will attach it to the top of a panemone windmill with a simple escapement to limit its speed.  It will glitter for miles, and they will flock to it.  The gorge will become a beacon and a deathtrap, regularly swept clean by the flash floods."

For a while, we were silent, watching the sun rise together.  "How do you understand them so well?"

"Nothing that lives and nothing that dies - and they live, and die, after a fasion - can keep secrets from me."  I paused, and looked at him. "No, not even that."

There was awkward silence for a while.  "It . . . was a difficult time.  We were under so much press--"

"I already know.  I don't judge it, I am just aware of it."  He looked outward again, and I heard a door slam somewhere.  People were beginning to get up, move about.  From somewhere, the smell of cooking reached me.

"Why is the windmill so important now?  We seem pretty secure up here."

"The settlement to the north that we refused to pay tribute to.  They'll drive down the highway playing music as loud as they can.  One zombie will follow the motion of the next, and they'll form a herd moving in their train.  Then they intend to launch fireworks up the hillside.  Once the herd is in motion uphill, the breaking steps we've installed to tumble them and the rough terrain won't hold them forever."

"You . . . you told us not to pay them.  You told us we'd be okay."  He was looking at me like I'd grown a sixth head made out of waffles and cream cheese.

"We'll disassemble some binoculars, and use the lenses to focus lights onto the beacon.  We'll run a net of fuses from our gate down the hillside, different burn speeds, leading to the beacon.  Turn their heads, lead them to death."

"Why do you help us?  Why not them?"

"That is my business."  At this, the girl within me clamored.  Her soul held a fragment of myself, was a catalyst for my power, and sat as a silent judge, lest I break my word.  And she insisted that people needed to understand.  The wisdom of the young, perhaps.  For all my awareness, I couldn't know how people would react - I couldn't know what would inspire.  Perhaps I would trust her this time.  "Because I have plans for humans.  Never mind why.  As unpleasant as your species can be, I will one day require you."

"Just 'because'?"

The girl clamored more, and I could sense her father's demeanor hardening.  Very well.  If I would trust her on this, I would trust her.  "Earth is finite.  Man is finite.  Life is finite.  Eventually, the infinite universe will face us with a trial greater than man, or Earth, or life.  Man is the only presence that might bring life out of this egg basket before that."

"You're telling me . . . you're protecting us so we can, what, save the world?"  He looked a little incredulous.  

I turned my head up to his, clear blue eyes meeting his brown eyes evenly.  I knew he struggled, when I met his gaze like this, to remember that I was not her.  His feelings for her would bleed into my words.  "Yes.  I am protecting you so you can save the world."

I turned away, and began climbing down, not staying to watch his response, but I knew he smiled, as he turned back to his watch.  I knew a different kind of pride and fervor had begun to swell.  It was a catching thing, inspiration.  If this caught on, the little one had done me quite a service.  She didn't approve of my manipulation, but she didn't object, either.  It seemed to have worked.

*How did you know he needed to hear that, little one?* I inquired of the fragment within me.

*People like to do things for good reasons.*

Simple.  A child's wisdom.  I walked toward the officer's quarters that I had taken over, climbing into a chair.  It was made for a big man, and to sit high enough to write, I had stacked pillows.  I began drawing, my small hands suited to the careful plans that would be needed.  We had construction to get underway.

As I sketched, I considered the way the young soul locked within me had reframed these people.  Something beyond understanding had come to protect them, and they followed orders to survive, and I was scary to them, though they would rarely admit it.  Now, I was grooming them to be saviors.

*I'll make you a deal, little soul.  Keep talking to me, telling me what you think, and I'll let your father call us by your name.*  I could tell she was happy with that.  She wanted to hear her name on his lips again, and I felt her eager assent.

I knew when I broke millennia of nonintervention, that I would change the beliefs and minds of men.  It was too much to hope that they'd forget me with time.  What I hadn't predicted was how much Maya and her species would begin to change me.

