The air hung moist around the room as the ever so present droning of machines played like background music. As I  struggled to get my eyes open i realised my view was lopsided. I craned my neck up to realise I was lying down. A heavy mist seemed ever present in the room. 
The nauseating feeling that followed confirmed my suspicions, it was tobacco. It seemed I had been lying on a sofa for a long time at that. 
The sun rays from a broken windows shade had let down all their glory on me I guess that's what had woken me up. 
As I got up my arms seemed to be in disobedience shifting my balance with every step. As my eyes adjusted I saw the confines I was in. The room was small with a high ceiling and higher windows. Like something a hipster would rent. In front of the makeshift fire place was a single table and chair. On top of the table a laptop. Its black design almost melting into the table. I sat down to the relief of my legs. The droning continued. I got my neck to let me turn enough to make out the servers positioned at a dark corner of the room. Just as inconspicuous as the laptop.
The laptop booted up suddenly with whirring of its fans. Its screen lighting up , not too bright not too low. 
As the laptop finally booted up I realised the meticulous attention to detail. The Operating System a Linux distribution, custom built and the servers just took up enough room to be ignored. Even the table was in alignment with the window and fire place.
A terminal started up running some commands by itself and a new window opened up revealing a bearded man with a cigar in his mouth like it had always been there. 
"...Matthews ehh?" 
I didn't know if it was a question or a confirmation and his accent was thick. I just nodded my head.
"Your paper was interesting..." He took a swig of what I assumed was liquor, "my employer loved it, had too many big words for me."
The droning continued Mr. Russian here didn't seem concerned how long this took.
"You Americans suck at small talk" he broke into mad laughter that lasted way too long. The fog in my mind was clearing and I realised I smelled really bad. I had been here a long time.
"Listen here, my employer he loves this science bullshit but he's not too clever. However he has money. He wants you to put his name in the books"
"I am terribly sorry but don't you think there are better ways to negotiate a business deal..."
"This is your test, that's all."
I sat there hugging myself, this is too early the tests aren't this early and too inconvenient.
"Okay what do you want me to do?"
"Behind you is a beautiful computer, its makers say it can run several billion numbers of pi, make us an a true AI"