Something is better than nothing. 

That had been my thought process when I’d set up that damn box. I’d thought I was pretty smart, setting up a way for people to give me their emotions. It couldn’t be worse than not having any - not feeling any. It was all my god damn luck, why the hell did-

I took a deep breath. 

Anger. That was the anger. I got out of my bed and counted to ten. It kind of helped. Most people did not realize when they were experiencing certain emotions like anger, depression, or regret. But I had a reference point, a baseline of no emotions, so I could clearly identify when certain emotions overtook me like anger just had. One of the emotions someone had donated had been self-reflection - the guy had been some mass murderer or something and didn’t want to live with the guilt. 

I made my way groggily to the shower, ready to face the awesome day ahead of me. I let the cold water wash over me, it helped jolt me awake. Apparently hot water was pleasant to most people. I wouldn’t know much about pleasant...I frowned and put the towel around my waist, and shaved though I don’t know why I bothered. It’s not like anyone else lived here with me or ever talked to me. I mean who the hell would want to talk to an angry, bitter, depressed-

Depression. I squeezed my eyes shut and took deep breaths. Anger was easy to catch, but depression had a way of sneaking up on you, even I often didn’t realize immediately it was there. It worked so slowly, pulling you under bit by bit so that even if I realized, it could be too late to swim to the surface. 

I shook my head, got dressed, and went to the box outside my house. I took one of the wires and plugged it into the nape of my spine. 

My eyes snapped open. Repeat emotions didn’t do anything, so getting a new emotion was an intense experience. And for the first time in my life, I was glad. 

Glad that I was happy. 

***
(major edits)

If you enjoyed check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting) for longer stories!
