Only a couple more problems to go on my math homework then I’m done, thank God. My flat mates all went out for the night, to celebrate Anna’s birthday, but I spaced and completely forgot an assignment due in the morning, so I get to be the lucky one to miss out on all the fun. Life of an engineer, I guess, right? At least I have the run of the apartment-I can safely watch my favorite show on the big screen, with no one to complain about the noise, or say it’s their turn for the TV. I can probably spare 20 minutes. Oh that’s weird, I didn’t see anything by the door before, I must’ve dropped some of my homework or something when I got some cookies earlier. “You’re the most beautiful girl in the world, I want to be with you, you’re never going to leave me-never” I muse out loud…. All of a sudden I can hear the blood rushing in my ears. The note was by a door-my closet door. There shouldn’t be anyone else in here. I slowly back up towards my bedroom door, when I hear a creak. I’m panicking, I can’t tell where the creak came from. I thought from the closet, but it could’ve been from the living room. I just realized the time for me to get my cookies and use the bathroom would be more than enough time for an intruder to exit the closet, leaving the note behind, and hide anywhere in the flat. Basically, I’m screwed. Still, we’re on the fourth floor, so my only option is to jump out the window and die, or try to make it out the front door. I text my friend to call 911 to our suite, I don’t want to risk talking out loud on the phone. My hands are shaking so hard I almost dropped the phone. With my heart threatening to jump out of my throat, I slowly push the bedroom door open and race for the front entrance. Jesus fuck someone just slammed into me, I toss in a couple elbows and knees as I try to shove him off of me. All of a sudden, I’m pissed. It’s some guy I don’t even recognize, who saw me, developed some stupid ass fake infatuation, and decided to try to kill me because of it. Not fucking happening. I don’t even remember how, it’s all a blur of nails and fists and shrieking but I manage to get away from him and tear out the door and down the stairs. I managed to get away and get to the police, but they never caught the guy. I’ve never been able to live there again, I broke the lease, and moved back home for a bit. To this day I still always check the closets whenever I enter a room. 
