I glanced nervously at my wing mirror, watching the red car a little way behind me. For a few miles now, he'd been driving way too fast - that is, way too fast now they had those new regulations. Back in the day he'd have gotten away with it, but not any more. 

"Don't come over here, you dickhead", I muttered. "I'll get caught in the crossfire if they catch you..." 

As soon as I said that, I heard the screeching of a police siren in the distance. Evidently the driver of the red car heard it too; I saw him glance at his mirrors in a panic, and accelerate even more, starting to pull level with me. I shook my head furiously at him, gesturing for him to pull off the road, and spare the rest of us. He didn't look over. 

The howling siren was much closer now, and I could hear the policemen screaming at the errant driver. From my radio, came the little calm voice: "Attention civilians. We wish to remind you that the speed limit is now vigorously enforced." 

"You don't bloody say", I hissed, checking my mirrors again. The police car lurched into view, spitting flames from its exhausts while a policeman hung on to the roof, shouting through a loud hailer and brandishing some kind of harpoon. His headdress streamed in the wind as he bellowed the warcry, "Cease and desist! Cease and desist!" The driver was leaning out of the window, pointing at the red car, his face contorted with rage behind his goggles. 

It was fair to say that the police had somewhat changed their public image recently. 

The red car pulled ahead of me, and the police car came hammering after it. I watched as the policeman lobbed his harpoon at their quarry. It struck the back of the car, and exploded in a burst of sparks. The policemen cheered, but the red car still hadn't stopped. The policeman on the roof clambered down into the car, and re-emerged with something that looked like a crossbow and a rocket launcher. Bracing himself on top of the car, he took aim, and fired. One of the red car's wheels was blown off, and it spun out of control, jittered off the road, and flipped over while the policeman gleefully clapped his hands. "I witnessed him!", he shouted, "This will be used against him in a court of law!". 

The police car did a few victory doughnuts, while the one on the roof spread his arms in triumph, then they sped off down the wrong side of the road, leaving us to carry on with our morning commute. 

"I wanna be a policeman!", declared my five-year-old son from the back seat.  
