"Pardon me, sir, but do you know why you're here?"

"...No. You?"

"No. Hey, how 'bout you?"

"Nothing. Not even the trial."

"Hmm... what about-"

"Been here forty years. Dozens dead."

The three turned towards the last speaker, sitting at the far end of the breakfast table. His long, greasy hair hung over his face, and he made no effort to reveal his expression or make eye contact. He simply played with his food, and shivered in response to a draft only he seemed to feel.

The three continued to stare at him, and he continued to stare at nothing. Eventually the first of the three opened up and said "Would, uh, *you* maybe be able to shed some light onto our situation?"

He did not respond in the slightest.

The three eventually broke their collective gaze away from him, only to exchange glances with each other. They could perhaps think of ways to persuade him, but then again, he was, supposedly, a prolific killer.

The first spoke again, this time to the other two, as he swiped his hair to the side to give it more of a refined look. "Well. Three heads are better, as they say. Though they don't say nothin' about three dysfunctional heads. Still, I don't doubt we can get pretty far if we collectively put these heads together. What say I start? My name is Bill Bidson. Everyone calls me Bill, but my friends call me Bid. Wise as an elder, yet not a day over thirty-five, *hah hah!* Anyway, pleasure to be of service."

The other two appeared relatively taken aback by the forwardness of the stranger, if not by the way he rambled. They both paused, waiting for the other to speak. Finally, the larger one, the largest at the table in fact, said tensely "...It's Rig. People always called me Rig." It was hardly a moment after he finished when the third broke out laughing. Rig slowly turned towards him, his bald head beginning to turn red, either from anger or embarrassment. Despite that, he did not appear as if he were about to attack, even though his tattooed arms could have knocked out the offender with one punch.

The heckler controlled himself, just barely. The other two could see the impulsivity of an eighteen year old on his face. As such, he gave Rig a good-natured pat on the arm, and went on to say "You guys have neat names to go by. I'm only a John."

Bid raised his eyebrows, and asked "...No last name?"

"Nope... I don't remember it."

Bid gave a shrug, and took a bite of toast. "John it is. Now boys, if we don't know why we're in this..." -he gestured with his fork in a general circle- "...place, do you remember anything besides your names?"

Rig only nodded. John started "I remember growing up in the suburbs of Chicago, Illinois, where I attended-"

"Alright, no, we don't need the whole life story, son. Now, do we know anything about each other? Because personally, there's something about you" -he pointed his fork at John- "that's buggin' me. But I can't put a dot on it..."

It was John's turn to shrug, stating "Well, then it's just you, because I certainly don't know anything about you, besides that I think I saw you the other day. You too, man." He turned towards Rig, who silently reflected the sentiment.

Bid considered this for a moment, then quickly scanned the whole cafeteria, and finally leaned forward, folding his hands on the table. "So here's what I say: We can talk about our life stories someday. We can talk about all the wonderful things we've been through over a delicious steak in a large house, as I would prefer it. But we can't talk about what landed us in prison, because we don't have it. *They* have it," he asserted, jerking his head towards one of the guards in the corner. "Now, I don't think any of us have been in here long enough to have stirred a fuss, so they ain't watching. We got a whole day ahead of us. We got one goal. And we got one obstacle." He jerked his head again.

John began to shiver a little with enthusiasm, as if he were about to run up to the guard and ask them all the questions he could think of. Rig absorbed this and sat up, ready for order, although thought flickered in his eyes every other moment.

"They don't want us to know what we did wrong, and something tells me if we did, we'd have an *advantage*." Bid took another bite of his food, and spoke with his mouth full. "If we stay here, I say nothing will change. We don't want that, do we? But they do. So what do you two say? Ready for some change?"

(Author's Note: Will try to continue, if work or procrastination don't get in the way. Hope there's a finished story, and hope it's good)