*Seems like a good kid,* John Wick thought as he sat on an old crate next to a rusty food cart and enjoyed the wafting scent of guilty pleasures as he picked out and savored a perfectly seasoned chickpea from his cone of sundal salad. This should be a simple hit. His mark the young inheritor of an immense legacy of wealth and power named Bruce Wayne. No specific requests, just death by whatever means necessary.

*Helen would not approve,* he thought absently, as he imagined how she would react knowing that he was about to kill a seventeen-year-old kid on a spiritual journey. 28 countries, 35 cities all around the world, this young billionaire had been busy. Expensive hobbies always follow the absurdly wealthy. John had tracked him to Kerala, where the legacy of Thomas Wayne seemed to have enrolled himself at a college near a shopping district in Trivandrum. Strange choice for a getaway.

Still, this Bruce kid had a lot to run from. John understood that. He watched as the boy - *man*, he tried to convince himself - entered a building at the college next to the one he was sitting out front of, the college's canteen. Bruce had entered a building with one entrance, an easy target, but populated. Complicated. John was watching for a quieter opportunity. It shouldn't take long. He was surprised the kid had made it this far in life; rich youths travelling alone in most of the places he'd been wandering off to tended to find themselves the surprise recipients of souvenir knives, conveniently bundled with a practical demonstration.

He should have considered that odd earlier - the kid could be more formidable than he realized. With a nagging feeling in his gut, John reached for his phone, flipped it open and pressed a few keys on the number pad, then listened for a response.

"Vanakkam?"

"Vanakkam, Paulraj. Good to hear your voice, old friend."

"John Wick? You causing trouble in my streets again?"

"Here on business. Nothing that should concern you directly." The voice on the other end seemed to relax a little.

"In that case John, it's good to hear from you. How's Helen?"

"Just fine, thanks. How's Chhaya?"

"As impossible to live with as ever. I buy her the moon, she wants the Milky Way. What's a man supposed to do with that?"

"Glad to hear you're getting along, Paulraj. Listen, remember that time in Kochi? I need to call in the favor."

"I do not like the sound of this, Babaj."

"Just information *Vana,* my friend. I need to know if there is anything more than meets the eye about a school in Kerala."

"What school?"

"It's a Sanskrit College, just south of Connemara Market."

"...I really should get back to Chhaya, she does worry so-"

"You know I'll be discrete, *Vana*, I'm just keeping eyes on a mark."

"You sow chaos in the wake of your every step John, I don't want you entering that school. Can you promise that?"

"My word to you, Paulraj, external reconnaissance only."

"Fine, fine. Below the school are tunnels belonging to an ancient underground Kalarippayattu training ground. They practiced a secret form of the martial art devoted to subterfuge there. It is supposedly defunct, but I have it on good authority that a core of disciples continues to teach their traditions from the shadows."

"Shit. Okay, any hidden exits?"

"Give a man a second to find his notes, Babaj, I am not some savant information broker with blueprints on his brain." John got up and started pacing absentmindedly while he listened to the shuffling and fluttering of papers through the handset.

"Here they are. Yes, there is a street-side exit to the North of the campus, facing Connemara." John immediately turned his pacing into a brisk pace taking him north towards the market. As he approached he saw Bruce's figure in his tourist tee and slim, straight denim jeans enter through the main gate.

"Thanks, *Vana,* all my best to Chhaya."

"Mine too, that's marriage for you."

He closed his phone with a snap as he headed through the archway entrance and approached the nearest stalls of the outdoor market and reluctantly dropping his makeshift paper cone, still half-full of chickpeas from the vendor, into a weathered trash barrel along the way.

----


Bruce had been careful. Very, very careful to avoid picking up a tail in this city. That meant whoever was onto him had to be highly skilled and dedicated to have picked up his scent. He had a death mark on his head. He found out this morning through a message from the feeler scripts that automatically alerted him to any reference to himself or his company on channels used by all known criminal organizations, including more than a few he uncovered himself. 

*The High Table,* Bruce pondered, *what got their attention?* he hadn't interfered with any of their operatives, and his father had given their dealings a wide berth back in Gotham, yet they had sent an exceptionally skilled assassin to track him across the world. Why? 

*Unimportant,* Bruce decided as he weaved through the crowd. *Escape first, can't investigate if I'm dead.*

His shadow would know him by his clothing. Bruce started grabbing clothes from the stalls, a pair of light grey, loose cloth pants and a matching tunic from one and dark blue cowl from another, along with a strip of cloth he grabbed as an afterthought and used as a belt to cinch his new shirt. *Plan A, escape, find quiet location, research and let dust settle.* There was a Mosque to the west, normally filled with tourists, that he knew happened to be closed while waiting for cleanup crews to remove the spray-paint and broken windows, doors, and even a collapsed wall inflicted by a hate group yesterday, all in the name of a God or gods who must really like property damage.

As Bruce crossed the street and stalked around to the back of the Mosque, he eyed the exit of the market for any sign of his would-be assassin. Nothing yet, but he only expected a temporary reprieve from the inevitable encounter. Bruce deftly climbed a nearby tree and vaulted, catlike and silent, to the second story terrace and slid through a window in one smooth blur of motion.

*Okay, let's see who wants me dead this time,* Bruce mumbled to himself as he pulled out a palm-sized computer and started typing with the keys laser-projected onto the dusty floorboards of the gallery that overshadowed the prayer hall of the empty Mosque. He located and borrowed some time from nearby government surveillance satellites (he could pay anonymously for the privilege later) and ran a specialized algorithm he designed to flag anyone who displayed movement patterns that indicated they were following someone, namely him. Five potential threats were flagged. Typical. But Bruce got the impression from the details of the flagged communications that this was the sort of professional who worked alone. One flagged person was isolated from the other four, so he used multiple satellite images of the figure to generate a rough facial map and search it through his growing database of active and inactive criminals.

It was John Wick. The John Wick. The Boogeyman was in Kerala. And he was after Bruce Wayne, of all people. Thanks to Alfred his public reputation was that of an aloof and mostly harmless teenage trust fund baby; only a select few knew the purpose of his journeys. There was only one reasonable conclusion to make: someone close to him wanted him dead.

Fear. Bruce had not felt fear in a long time, and he cursed himself for feeling it now. This was why he trained. All around the world he had found the most elusive and powerful masters of the ancient art of combat. With them he had hardened his will to grow stronger, to fight fearlessly for those who did not have the strength to defend themselves. He had burned fear from his mind, leaving only rage and iron-hard resolve. And yet...

-No, he had to think, his strongest weapon had always been his mind, and that still hadn't changed. He'd find a way to beat this assassin, somehow. Bruce produced a small black electronic device with red accents from his pocket and stared at it with concern as he worked to control his breathing and reign in his feelings. He had to find a way, anything to avoid using his failsafe, if it could really be described with anything containing the word "safe."

----End of Part 1----