'Not again' you think getting in, the wooden beads on your Cabbie's Secret seat cover the only thing that stays the same each time  it changes. Reaching up to hit the garage door opener ('no, hanger bay doors today') it occurs to you Vehicle hasn't tanked out in ages. 

Last night's Dusk Accord must have failed spectacularly.

The streets were surprisingly empty, or at least whatever movement there was seemed small and furtive, with none of the roving mobs or colossal titans of the other times. Of course all that was in the Turmoil after Magic Fall. 

You shutter to think about trying to go back to normal if the Accord has fallen apart altogether.

Chewing up the brick in a metal, twin tracked war machine wasn't as destructive as it would have been had the gnomes not decided flat, wide streets were important to them. You glance out the rear slit to watch as the small, rotund little men appear and go immediately to work on the deep, rutted trails of broken brick you're leaving behind you.

The wonders of The Other Place never fail to stir delight in you and the company car, today a tank, speeds you along as quickly as it can, toward a dark shadow looming over the city ahead.

Far above something is blocking the sun, leaving it dark and still beneath. The gloom occludes all vision, and as the tank begins  to rumble and shake over a suddenly uneven terrain your eyes adjust and you spasm in fear, throwing yourself backward, jerking as hard on the steering mechanism as you can.

Vehicle lurches to a halt and begins to grind backward, picking up speed and zipping out from under the darkness.

A tree, a Yggdrasil if your neobotany is up to snuff,  reaches skyward. Its trademark cloud piercing boughs unmistakable but something was wrong. More than it standing in midtown, more troubling than its sudden appearance was the pitch dark leaves and faintly glowing purple sap you'd just seen oozing from the track-chewed roots. 

'Great. My first World Tree and it's Corrupt'

While no day was easy for a Reality Breach Regulator, some were tougher than others.
