"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" My throat felt like I had taken the thousands of anti-psychotics over the course of my lifetime and tried to swallow them all at once.

"I mean he's pretty adorable, but he's kind of intimidating, you know, with the size and all. Is it your friend in costume? No wait... Fur looks too real." She gets up and touches Petey.

She jumps as her hand ruffles his feathers.

"Hey lady keep your hands to yourself, if you touch me again I'll charge you for it." Petey squawked,as  a thick New York accent croon, Jess jumps at the sound of his voice, she gave him a quick soft poke.
"You couldn't afford all this, even if you had all of the fish in the world, so back it up. Sit back down and carry on." Petey starts muttering about how dare she this and how dare she that. He waddles a couple of tables to the right of them to an empty one. Starts picking at the remnants of the food.

Jess kind of flops into her chair and looks stunned.


Sweat is pouring everywhere as I see eyes on us. But not on Petey, never on Petey. I start to hyperventilate.
Years of training for nothing. What happens if she tells someone? They would take him away. They would do experiments on him. They would hurt him, I would never see him again. What happens if we're linked like the dark materials trilogy and we both die?
My mind starts to get carried away as I consider murder for the first time in my life.
My breaths getting shorter and shorter.

I feel a soft, cool hand caressing mine.
God she is so beautiful. Who am I even kidding? I can't even kill a fly without crying.

Between breaths I mutter "you... Moisturise". Jess laughs her head tilts back, her long hazel hair shimmers in the lights. Her long neck arched back. Beautiful.

She sees I'm stressing out. She can hear my breaths as they get quicker.
"Calm down, Chris, look at me. Calm down. Listen to my voice. I want you to count to 10 with me, deep breaths in-between exhale on the number. Got it? 1... 2... 3...4...5...6...7...8"

Petey waddles back over leans close to my ear and gleefully says. "Woosah"
I crack. I start laughing.  I can hear Jess, a very sweet feminine giggle.

I look around left to right and give him a quick hug.
I look at her, then at the eyes watching us. "Want to get out of here? We can grab food elsewhere.

"Can I tell you a secret?" As she bent over to adjust the straps on her heels.
"I wanted to say something at the start of the Uni year. But I just thought it was our University mascot or something." 

Petey ruffled his feathers. "Hey lady, this *mascot* can either be the antagonist or the anti-hero in this story."

"Why do you have a thick New York accent?" She remarked
"Cus' I'm awesome. What's with the gooey eyes at my man?" He retorted.
She giggled again. 
If she giggles again. I might fall in love with her.

She grabs Petey's wing, grabs my hand and walks into the night. Petey squawked "you *do* moisturise!"

She starts to giggle. " You guys are so weird".
I think I'm in love.