"Order! Order in the court! The defendant, Ernst Yeates will now hereby willingly pay the plaintiff, Charlotte Reede 80% of his salary, and will lose the full custody of his children." declares the judge in a strong and clear voice. He cracks down the hammer, defeating me in a single blow.

The silence is unbearable. A pin drop could have broken such fragile silence in an instant. Fortunately, makes a decision to break it. The great clock above the judge chimes a merry jingle, the bell resonating four times. The effect is almost instantaneous; everyone scrambles around looking for something.  

A red label dictates our ingestion timetable: "One pill per hour, whilst awake, for the duration of the pandemic." I swallow the curious pink pill that now acts as our timekeeping devices. I choke on mine. Nervously, I tip my glass of water back down my gullet. I slam the glass down on the table, and swallow hard, my head hung low. Looking up, I see her, the person I once loved the most in the whole world. I look at her, closer. She looks gorgeous, all dressed up like that. 

I still remember the day I bought her that dress. Such joy, such happiness, such love she gave to that dress, and she had to go off and wear it today. All the beauty has disappeared. Not only in our lives, but in everyone else's.

Three years ago, my life was perfect. I was earning good money in a pharmaceutical company, called MediCorp, managing everyone's accounts, and payments. I worked well, and worked hard. I came home to a loving family in east Manhattan, as she always finished work before I did. 

A "Wonder Weapon Against Death" was developed. The principle was simple: aging occurs because the caps on our chromosomes erode when multiplying, and if they reach the DNA, it erodes the genetic data. This "Super Weapon" regrows the caps. It was developed in secret, away from prying eyes. Upon it's release, the new bacterial cure was sensational: competitiors started immediate work on their own cure. Sales skyrocketed and the shareholder values exceeded all expectations. Soon after, the government got involved, and demanded MediCorp to give it 50% of the earnings from the cure.

MediCorp then started to cut corners, using slightly different, cheaper methods and chemicals. The cure backfired drastically, reducing the DNA strands down in less than an hour, removing all traces of how the body should grow, and develop. The bacterium then set it's own genetic data in the nucleus.

At first, no one noticed, but then, their bodies dried up and decayed from lack of blood. A lack of white blood cells meant that any bacteria or virus flourished within the body, and the "bacterium X" hijacked the human cells to reproduce the bacteria. Those who injected themselves with "The Wonder Cure" died a not so wonderous death, holed up in a quarantined house, festering alive. Only the rich could afford them, and most of the pompous high class died. In one day, the bacteria eradicated 5% of the world population, clearing much of the richer cities of their inhabitants. Emergency protocols were imposed in different countries. Borders were sealed, and martial law imposed. 

MediCorp instantly went bankrupt. With the CEO's bank account reserves, they developed a cure to the bacterium. It didn't remove the bacteria from the patient, but it rebuilt the DNA the cells lost. The bacterium itself could never die. The cure received government approval, and was declared the official cure. All other pharmaceutical companies were outlawed. Martial law included taking these pink pills, once per hour. Something fishy was definitely going on. I wonder if it could be...

"Ernst? Hey, Ernst?" queries a soft voice. It resonated around my skull, until I woke up as to where I actually was, still stuck in a country with martial law imposed, quarantined from the rest of the world from fear of contracting a much more serious strain of bacteria. We have no foreign embassies, we have no connection to the outside world. We simply assume the worst: that the US is the only country with a stable government, that isn't stuggling, that isn't dying from invincible, mutated bacteria. It makes life easier to bear. 

"Ernst?" the voice asks again. This time, I find where the voice is coming from. I look at her, her beauty makes everything around her shine. I avoid her gaze, bringing my head down, looking at all the papers scattered across the table. 

"I'm so sorry. I just need it, but not only for me, for the kids. We may not love each other, but we love our children, don't we?" I do nothing. I merely search for her eyes, something to hold me stable.

"Yes, yes I do, but 80? You have a job as well, why 80?" I dig deeper into her, to find what secrets she has buried deep within herself.

"You don't need to know. Just know that I will be there if you need me." She drops her voice to a whisper, and leans closer towards me. "That 80 isn't for me or the kids, it's for something bigger than us." She stands up straight and speaks louder. "Now, don't worry, you can deal with it. You're an accountant. You will be able to see the kids twice a month. Goodbye." She strides away, leaving everything she once stood for behind her. Including me.

I walk home. The police hang around every important avenue, armed with automatics. They don't do anything, they just stand there, waiting for another case to happen, for another intervention to display their skills as a team. New York, once a thriving, breathing metropolis, now appears dead. Lights are turned off one by one, as the policies invade our lives. 5th Avenue now looks like a ghost town, without people, without cars, without intentions. 

I arrive at my flat. Well, a penthouse really. The death of the upper class led to a massive housing market crash, as people left the cities in fear. I look out at the dark skyline of New York. Who could think that this was once a bustling city? Could this city be like my life? Where I, like the city, die without anybody living in it? I work to pay my food, my bills, my heavy taxes, nothing more, not even those pink pills. I'm working to give money to my ex-wife's savings account. I should leave, never to come back. If I'm going to die, I might as well see the rest of the world. I pack my bags and leave. 

The docks should be this way, past the next block. I make my way over, only to see the police lights flashing in front of me. I look around frantically, trying to find a place to hide. I start sprinting away. I haven't run in years, and I feel *alive*. The police notice me, and flip the sirens on. Running from the howling of the sirens, I head towards the water. There's a speedboat docked to the quay. It may be old, it may be rusting, but it's my only hope at my escape. A second squad car screeches from my right, headed straight at me. A flight of stairs block my path to the boat. I jump down the stairs, only to crumble upon my landing. I don't care if I'm bleeding, I don't care if I'm hurt, I must run. 

I manage to struggle to the boat, panting for breath. The blue lights stop at the top of the docks. The keys must be here somewhere, hidden in the pile of clothes which was once a rich man. I grab them. Turning the keys, a tannoy voice shouts. "Stop running! Stop, in the name of the law! Or we will be forced to fire upon you!"

I turn the accelerator up, and the engine splutters to life. The racking of guns behind me was supposed to be a deterrent, but I'm too deep into this now, I need to go. As I speed away, the bullets start coming. The metal paneling of the boat protects me from most of harm, but I only need one well placed bullet for me to die, not that death has much meaning to me. A helicopter flies overhead, illuminating the boat. A single shot comes from the helicopter, but it's all I need. It strikes me in my back, shredding through my duffel bag, and lodging itself in my side. I fall down. The boat still speeds ahead, through the choppy ocean. I can't feel anything. Numbness overcomes all my senses, as I close my eyes, for the last time, I hope.

The pale blue sky is the only thing I see upon waking. No clouds, no waves. Pain. Pain is everything I feel. I get up. I look behind me. A giant ship looms over me. Many hearty faces look down at me. A voice calls out, telling me to not panic, that they are here to rescue me. A rope ladder tumbles down the side of the ship and splashes into the water. The voice tells me to climb it. I comply reluctantly, uncertain of my fate. 

When I get to the top, a man dressed in a captain's uniform greets me with a grand smile through his mighty beard. "How's it going then, eh? Good thing we saved you when we did, the waves will be choppy tonight, don't want ou going overboard!"
The captain grins at me. 

"I'm not...dead?" I whisper, my throat dry and puckered from lack of water.

"Dead? Well you're talking to me, so, no!" He lets out a mighty laugh. Everyone else around him chuckles. 

"But I haven't been taking my medication... My body isn't dead yet?" I pull out the box of pills. The captain grabs the box and looks carefully at it. "What's this, then?" he asks, curious.

"Drugs to save my life. My cells are dying, and this helps stop it. The pandemic? MediCorp?" I struggle to speak.

"The MediCorp Pandemic? We cured that years ago! These pills taste like oranges, so it sounds like you solved it too!" 

I'm lost. Why would the government lie? Why would they confine us to living like rats? I don't know, and will never find out. I collapse from lack of blood. The sky is so blue, so pretty. If only I could live a little longer...

(Edit: Finally finished the story!)