Every year, twelve people are chosen at random to participate in the "Hitler Death Games". You get the scenario projected into AEther along with your consciousness. Your body stays in a, sort of "limbo". Everyone and everything in the AEther is a projection, except yourself. A person's consciousness can be killed within the AEther, so the risk of the game is real. 

The previous year's winner, Pat Salamander, killed Adolph Hitler in one of the most talked about "Hitler Deaths" in decades. The video went viral almost instantly and some instances of it on YouTube have views in the 8 digits. 

Pat had a partner in this, but no one ever talks about Robert. Pat's second cousin, Robert helped him every step of the way. Robert actually killed more SS officers during their adventure than Pat did, but neither of them were counting. Pat, armed with an MP40, followed Robert into Hitler's house.

Once inside, they spent a moment looking at the beautiful fixtures mounted on the walls with swastika flags and pendants placed here and there. Beauty mixed with evil. They two quietly walked across the large den area, toward the bedroom.

Hitler slapped Eva Brown's round, bare ass, causing her to let out an, "eek!" as she hopped in the shower. He looked at himself in the steamy mirror with a serious face. He jokingly makes a farting sound and smiles before getting in with Eva.

Robert and Pat make their way through the master bedroom. Pat looked on the ground and saw leather with zippers, whips and a ball gag. Robert said, "They're in the shower. This is it, man." Pat took a few steps past the bed to look on the floor. He saw a series of butt plugs and anal beads laying next to the leather mask on the floor. "Dude, check this out." Pat opens the camcorder and starts videoing the weird collection on the floor. Robert ignored that and said, "Come on, man. We gotta get him before they get out." 

Pat points the camera toward Robert and shows him pulling a chainsaw out of a backpack. Pat laughed, "Oh man, this is going to be the best one ever!" "Here we go buddy..."

Robert pulls the cord and starts the chainsaw. Both Hitler and Eva could hear it from the shower. Robert kicks the door in and steps inside the bathroom. "Ready to die, fucker!?" He stepped closer to the shower, but slipped on the rug and fell to a sitting position, with the saw landing on his abdomen. Robert screamed as the saw cut through his torso, ripping through the flesh like teeth. Blood streamed across the sliding glass door as Hitler slid it open to see the horror.

All three of them stood there in shock, watching Robert seizure on the floor with a running chainsaw still spraying blood. Pat came to his senses and pointed the MP40 at them with one hand while videoing them with the other. Hitler held his hands in front of his genitals as he and Eva started shouting in German, but Pat shot five rounds into the ceiling above them. They're quiet after that. "Put your hands up, now!" They raised their hands above their heads.

Just then, a moment before Pat would've shot him, he noticed Hitler didn't have a penis. In fact, there was a very prominent bush with a vagina between his legs! Pat couldn't help himself from yelling, "Are you fucking kidding me? What?!" Hitler immediately covered it up and started shouting again, but stopped when he noticed Pat staring at his hands. Pat was, on one hand, still shocked and devastated by his cousins grizzly death, however, he was amazed that the most hated tyrant of all time had a vagina. He composed himself and motioned for them to raise their hands again. He zoomed the video in on Hitler's vagina.

As Pat pointed the gun at Hitler's face, he started to think about how he's going to end this. No matter what happens, it doesn't change history, so Pat had an open opportunity to do what he wanted. The terrible dictator was reduced to a blubbering fool, writhing around in his tears and vomit. Pat had a plan. Pat hit them with the MP40, broke both their wrists and told them to go outside and get in the pool. It was mid-October and, in Germany, it gets really cold in October. The couple slowly walked into the freezing water, shaking uncontrollably. Pat stood at the back entrance of the garage, pointing the gun at them. "All the way!" he shouted as he set his camera down and checked the frame. Perfect. Adolph and Eva swam out to the deep end and started treading water.

Pat lit a cigarette. "Was machen Sie? Lassen Sie uns hier raus!" shouted Hitler. Eva noticed the fuel pump in Pat's hand. "Er wird uns lebendig zu verbrennen!" yelled Eva. Pat activated the nozzle of the gas pump and laid it on the ground. Gas poured onto the cobblestone, streaming across into the pool. Hitler and Eva swam toward the edge but couldn't get out because of their broken wrists. He called over to them and said, "I only know one thing in German. So long, farewell, auf wiedersehen, goodbye." Pat tossed his cigarette into the pool as he turned around and walked away. He collected the camera and activated the portal to return home.


Pat's scrambled atoms lunged forward through spacetime faster than lightspeed and emerged back into his body. Once his brain had been "recalibrated", he was greeted as the winner of that year's Hitler Death. There were news crews around, along with his family and friends. Marissa, Robert's girlfriend, stood in the front of the crowd eagerly waiting for Robert's body to come alive. Pat gave her a sad look. A look that said everything. Marissa closed her eyes, shed a single tear, ad turned away, disappearing into the crowd forever. Pat was raised up into the air by everyone, cheering his name and playing celebration music. Confetti rained down as children ran around playing between the adults, whose eyes were fixed on Pat.

President Trump made a small speech about how he loves watching Hitler die, because Hitler tried to make America less great, and that's the opposite of what he's about. A small child jumped on stage in excitement, but Trump's Secret Service Sentinels intercepted him and took him backstage. Trump went on about how children love him and how he's been sponsoring each year's games with a lot of money. A lot. Like, more than any other single person has. 

"Pat, it's an honor to have you on this stage, standing next to great men, like myself. This year's winning Hitler Death is on of the best I've ever seen! I mean, really. It's something to behold. Of course, we got to see the ending!" The massive crowd roared! "Let's show him the finale he created!"

A giant screen started playing the footage. Pat saw himself on the 100 foot screen, but thought about losing Robert in his journey. Nothing could bring Robert back. Pat started to wonder if these games are even worth the risk. "... auf wiedersehen, goodbye." He gave his attention to the screen and watched a burning, female Adolph Hitler crawl across the cobblestone, screaming in pain.