On a day with red leaves a squirrel placed its paw to its chest. This is memory and all memory is short. A woman steadies her hands in a machine and this spares a life. A squirrel remembers. The red leaves fade, but a squirrel remembers. 

The woman enters a building and a squirrel watches. She holds her litter, it is one and it is noisy. A squirrel hopes her next litter is numerous. Many red leaves have come and gone, many squirrels with them. This one watches as his father watched before. Through the clear walls it sees many humans assemble. A squirrel wonders if the woman will have another litter by the next red leaves.  

The woman weeps in a box made of wood before others of her kind, words are exchanged but the noise means little. A man in black cloth wields a branch and strikes it on wood. More words follow and the woman hangs her head in silence. A squirrel enters as the woman leaves.

The caves of humans are full of traps, even the walls shift and close. This one will move through without being seen. A debt of life is a debt that can never truly be paid when each life brings yet another into the world. A squirrel wonders what sort of human the pink bundle will become but that is a matter for his own litter.

The wall of the cave narrowly misses a tail. It shuts firmly behind and the cavern ahead is dimly lit. Flat faces of humans look down from the walls but these are not real humans. 

The man removes the black cloth and hangs it on a strange tree. Already a squirrel moves.  

The man places his hand on a bookshelf. A squirrel leaps to the base of the false tree.

The man moves one ponderous foot into the air. A squirrel has grasped the narrow trunk and swings, leaving marks in the wood as claws scrape.

The man steps past the side of a large wooden box. A squirrel lands on the side of the box. This wood is false. The claws scratch deep and now the human will know it is not alone. 

The man turns his head. A squirrel pumps its hind legs with all the force it can muster and leaps to the leg.

The man inhales, it is panicked and shallow. A squirrel has caught on the cloth and stretches claws upwards. It must reach. To fall now is to fail.

The man lets out a startled cry and begins to turn. A squirrel is glad that the hindquarters of the human are so plump as to provide a firm claw hold.

The man has turned now and it stares at its own hindquarters. A squirrel already has leaped to a shining metal plant growing on top of the wooden box. It spins back in a circle under the weight. This man is amusing. 

The man turns to see the desk lamp spin but it is too late. A squirrel landed hard on the wall but a false human face cushioned. Every muscle is now tensed and ready.

District Court Justice Edwards steadies himself in his chambers just in time to see a small brown blur fly off the wall behind his new desk bringing bits of his portrait with it. Before he can react he wheezes, and then chokes. The hand that he puts to his neck is slippery and wet and does nothing to stop the pain. For a moment he holds it up to his eyes, but he cannot make out the color. 

As he falls, the autumn breeze lightly brushes his face through an open window.

  