It was a Saturday evening, my girlfriend and I had finished watching a new movie, when we were held at knifepoint by a random hobo. I stepped in between the hobo and my girlfriend and said "you can have my cash, here." I pulled my wallet out and threw the 24 dollars and odd change on the ground. "Are you kidding me?" He rushed me and stabbed me in the gut. I fell to the ground, watching him stab me over and over. On the eight stab, I fell again, into a black pit. I coughed on the fresh blood in my throat, but I felt no pain. Panicking, I grabbed at my shirt, searching for the fresh wounds, finding them still bleeding heavily, but I felt no different, no pain, no dizziness, no hunger, nothing. I saw nothing either, complete darkness. Then, a light. Emitting from a man in a black trench coat, in his left hand, a large, menacing looking scythe. In his right, a small hand lantern. I begged "please, I've done nothing wrong!" He swung his heavy scythe and I closed my eyes, only to open them and see he swung above my head, slicing the shadows dancing in his lantern light. Only then did I realize that the shadows were moving, and had formed figures, many, many figures. Each towering above me. Some were skinny, some fat, some took a more abstract form, as if someone made them from a mr potato head. Behind me, I noticed two black puddles, I assumed from the mans slash. I managed to gulp out a question. "What IS this?" The man replied "this is the trail. This will lead you to the afterlife. I am your guardian, here to ensure your safe passage, and to protect you from these beasts." He made a warning slash at some shadows that came a bit too close. "Those are demons, as your kind calls them. They will eat you. You are but a soul now, this form was your last physical form. When they eat you, you will not die. You will burn, forever inside their gullet. Their stomach acids constantly melting the flesh off your bone, and you will feel all of it. That is what your people call hell. Where we are going is what your people call heaven. This is purgatory. It is a trail to the "heaven" your kind desire. Some are not as lucky as you, I don't get to most of those who die. I try to prioritize those who were good, the ones who deserve to go to heaven." I took in all his information, but hurried along as he started walking, and the light dimmed around me. "So, what are those things?" "They are simply my kind. Those who lost their minds in the eternities spent here, or those who were bloodthirsty from the beginning. There were many more of those like me, ferrying your people to safe passage, but as time passed, my kind lost track of time, stopped caring, got curious, and hungry." I looked around, the beady dots of where I assume their eyes to be became all the more menacing. I noticed a solid line of shadows in front of us. "Move" the man slammed the bottom of his scythe. The shadow spoke, in what sounded like a series of whispers "you deserted us grim" the man replied "no, you lost yourselves. You forgot who you were, you succumbed to the hunger" the shadow like advanced a step, stepping in sync. "You haven't tasted their blood yet, you don't know how good it is, how much you'll love it." The reaper set the lantern down, and gripped his scythe with both hands. "Be prepared to take the lantern and run, run in this direction and you will find it, if you make it." He slashed at the group, cleaving through a dozen shadows, splattering black liquid everywhere, then the pounced. I took off, looking back to see a massive shadow where the reaper was. More splatters, then his scythe skittered across the ground. I grabbed the scythe and swung towards the shadows that had directed their attention towards me. I grabbed the lantern and sprinted in the direction we were headed, watching as the light faded around the dogpile, wondering if the reaper had survived that battle... 