I pulled a carton of milk out fridge and took a whiff. It smelled fine to me, so I poured some on my cereal and dug in. My sense of smell must be fading, because the foul taste of rancid milk filled my mouth in mere seconds. I rinsed out the now-tainted bowl of cereal in the sink and tossed out the sour milk. Molly and the kids weren't up yet, so I figured I would run down to the convenience store and pick up some milk for breakfast. 

I jumped into my car and turned on the radio, blasting the usual politics and music of 2017. I was greeted in the convenience store by cold AC and a bearded Santa Claus (Christmastime in Houston). I quickly paid for the milk and got in my car to drive home. I turned on the radio.

"This segment has been interrupted for an announcement by the 57th President of the United States, Donald Trump IV!"
I gasped and stared at my stereo. Had I misheard? Perhaps it was a joke, like that old Click and Clack show I used to listen to on Saturday mornings. I shrugged and parked in front of my house. As I walked up the steps, I saw an unfamiliar figure in the kitchen. He wore PJ's and slippers, and was eating cereal out of a bowl identical to mine. Confused, I opened the door.

The man turned around to stare at me, with nothing other than terror and anger in his eyes.

"What are YOU doing here?"- he said loudly.
"I should be asking you the same thing. This is my house! I just left for a few minutes to get some milk", I said, not believing the conversation I was having.
"A few minutes?? Dad, you've been gone for like, fifty years."
 I realized how familiar he looked. Faded brown hair, green eyes, that all-too familiar voice, could it be-- Bill? My son, Bill?

"What's happening? Have I gone insane? I must be dreaming. Where's Molly?"- I was shaking so hard that I dropped the bottle of milk. I felt the cold liquid splash all over my feet and the kitchen floor. 
"Molly--Mom's been dead for 10 years now, Dad. She was very depressed when you didn't come back."
I was weeping now. "How did this happen? How did I just miss 50 years of my life?" I looked down at myself. I was wearing the same faded sweats I had been wearing a few minutes--er, 50 years ago, when I left to get milk. I looked at my hands. I still wore the same FitBit I had earlier. I was completely the same, yet I had someone fallen into a time-warp. 


Ok this was my first WP, go easy on me. 

