 23rd April 2189

I have no money left thanks to that stupid drug of there's. "If you want to live take these, forever" and they actually meant forever. It wouldn't have been a problem if it wasn't so dam expensive. I have no more money tomorrow's dose. I accept my fate and will die in peace knowing no one will miss me

24th April 2189

I have been feeling terrible through out all of this day. Vomiting. Coughing..... Bleeding. I was not expecting this to kick in so fast. I knew people died but I though I would at least have some time. This is most likely my final entry. I will now take a long deserved rest. Let's hope the cross wind don't blow rain under the bridge.

May 5 2189

Everything seems hazy. I don't know what's happened. I've slept for so long. I've asked a pass buyer what day it was and its seems it's been almost 2 weeks. How is this possible? I don't understand ! It's been on the news all the time people dyeing as soon as they take the course. I don't understand !! I NEES TO TELL EVERYONE

May 6

I've told everyone I saw. Running though town shouting to the world that the pharmacy company is lying ! It's all lies! Your body can fight this disease on its own. No need for the drugs. They only told us this to keep us hooked ! 

May 24 

The night after my revelation, I was stormed by a team of 4 men dressed in white and blunged to an inch of my life. Woke up in a clear white room. Sterile. Silent. I was strapped down to a doctors table unable to move. I heard a door open behind me. Footsteps and the sound of wheels followed. A team of 2 people stood in front of me. Dressed in white as before but these look more like doctors unlike the space soldiers from the retro movies. The one on the left picked a syringe with a needle. Applying pressure to my arm he inserted the needle. I couldn't scream as my mouth was taped shut. The one on the right stepped forward and leaned over me to with 20 cms of my face and whispered: "what's in that syringe will kill you instantly at our will, like a kill switch. Tell anyone about the drug and you'll drop dead on the spot like anyone else". All I remember after is falling back asleep and waking up by my things again. 
