“To get in to heaven, you must confront the person you’ve hurt the most.” The angel’s voice rang through my head as I stood there, waiting for that person to appear. I didn’t have to wait long before I saw them. It felt like I had been punched in the stomach as I stared, mouth hanging open.


“You...” I managed to croak out one word as I looked at her. It was me. Well, a younger me. Much younger. It was my sixteen-year-old self. She was staring at me with a curious look, sadness shining behind her eyes. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I had put all those years behind me, the first fifteen years of my life. I had been to countless therapists, countless psychiatrists. Begging for meds, begging for help, begging to make me forget what had happened to me. What I had ended up doing to myself. I was old now, nearing ninety. She looked like my granddaughter in appearance, but my granddaughter had never looked that sad. Had never held the weight of the world on her shoulders.


“So, I did live past thirty.” My younger self’s voice had a bitter tinge to it. All those memories were rushing back to me. Everything that had happened. It was all I could do to not cry out. I had never wanted to live past thirty. I was twenty-five before that had changed. I had gotten pregnant. Once I held my son in my arms for the first time I knew I would live forever for him. Obviously that hadn’t worked, but I had held out for as long as I could. I even held on after my husband died, though I hadn’t wanted to. My children had begged me to hold on, so I had. I could never say no to them.


“I… We. We had children.” My voice was shaky and I could feel my hands shaking along with it. My younger self smirked at me.


“Well, at least I got a good thing after all.” She didn’t know what had happened after I had grown up more. She had no idea what I had gone through, all those years of happiness and sadness, growing up and growing older. I hadn’t thought of suicide once in the past fifty years.


“We had a good life, Tuddy. It was wonderful. We found a wonderful man who loved us in spite of our flaws, in spite of what we had been through. I… I had forgotten most of that time in my life. Those first fifteen years of pain. The meds in the future are actually pretty damn good.” I smiled, trying to make her understand.


“Do you remember it? All of it?” She spat the words at me, accusing me with her eyes. No matter how hard I had tried, through all the meds and counseling, it could never really leave me I suppose. The memories started rushing back. My grandfather dying. My grandmothers dying. The kidnapping. The physical abuse. The emotional abuse. Everything. I gasped and doubled over, memories rushing back, feeling like I had been physically hit.


“Of course I remember,” I managed to croak out. “I remember how I blamed myself for every little thing that had been done to me. I remember the smell of hospitals in the fall, that sterile smell you never really forget. I remember doing puzzles just to pass the time there, not even given a pencil in fear that we’d hurt ourselves. I remember the smell of bus stops and the stickiness of the bus seats. I remember the taste of stale blueberry muffins and Red Bull. I remember his tongue down my throat, feeling as if I was going to suffocate.” My younger self winced as she remembered as well.


“I remember the rocks on my bare feet as I went with him to get the mail. I remember the physical fitness we did in the cold, army style. I remember the camp we went to. I remember Thanksgiving. I remember Christmas. I remember the note I wrote, how it was found. I remember the spring break camp. The church and the asparagus and the grape juice. My first kiss. The first sexual touch I received. I remember my shirt being lifted as I laid back on that damn bed. I even remember what happened in that room, the one thing I could never remember.”


“I remember the lack of food. The digging in the trashcan when she had gone to work. The small portions with no seconds. The changing of schools every few months. The yelling. The tears. I remember being forced to do all of the chores. Being forced to pick up that roach. I remember praying for the first time in years that He would help me and get me out of that house.”


“I remember hating Him for the longest time, feeling like He abandoned me. Feeling like I was a lost soul, not fit to live. I remember the sullen silences, the angriness, the hurt I felt deep inside. I remember the shallow cuts and the deep ones. The pills and the alcohol. The smoking and drugs. I remember feeling worthless, like I was never good enough. I remember feeling like I’d rather die than continue on living this life. Dropping out of college from a bad bout with depression.” She had been silent the entire time, listening to me. Her head was down, and I saw the tears falling.


“I remember the happiness of being with my mom. I remember when I first called my stepdad ‘dad’. I remember watching my little sister grow up and being so damn proud of her accomplishments. I remember graduating a year early. I remember meeting the man who I would end up spending the rest of my life with. I remember feeling happy, even when something bad happened. I remember loving myself, even when I felt I wasn’t worth it. I remember holding my children for the first time. I remember the first time I ever kissed someone I wanted to. I remember watching my children grow up. I remember watching them take their first steps. Go to school for the first time. Have their first heartbreak. Grow up and find friends, true friends, those who would stay by their side forever. I remember my best friend having her first child. I remember us growing up together.”


“I remember the good times and the bad. I remember my entire life. Looking back on it, I wouldn’t change a damn thing. If I changed even a tiny thing, I may not have had the same life I lived and loved.”


“I remember hating myself. I am so sorry I put myself through that. I’m so sorry I put you through it. I promise you we got better. We had an amazing life. It wasn’t always happy, but it was an adventure. You’re going to love it. It will get better. I’m sorry I never saw that when I was younger.” I hesitantly stepped closer. She didn’t move, and I figured it was a good sign. I hugged her, myself. She sobbed in to my shoulder. I held her tightly, her fingers gripping in to my shoulder blades. She quieted after a minute and stepped back from me. She was smiling, tears still shining in her eyes, but not falling.


“Thank you. I only needed a little hope.” She disappeared and in her place stood an angel.


“You have done as you were told. It is time to move on.” A door popped in to existence behind him, bright light flooding from it. I took a deep breath and went off to my next adventure.