For thousands of years people have always wondered what happens when we die. Well here I am, the after life. Just as I thought there was no heaven or hell, Valhalla or nirvana. Instead there simply was a library as expansive as you could imagine. Have you ever seen a cartoon or anime where there was one object that has significantly more detail drawn onto it because the main character was going to pick it up or use it? Well that's how it is. I was drawn to my own book which I seemed attracted to, drawn to.

Before I picked up my book however I wanted to learn about this situation more. I've been a scientist all my life so of course when I'm presented with a huge collection of knowledge I'm going to be interested. I picked up a book right next To mine. It was a leatherbound book, one which you would see in fantasy movies which has the power of magic. It was embroidered with smiling children and a phone on the cover. 

It read " John S. The envious ". I slowly wrapped my fingers around the leather cover and I was bombarded with the smell of dust and mildew making my nose cringe. The papers felt frail almost as if I was to rough they would turn to dust. These books have been her far longer then we have.  At first it was about a small boy who was sickly, he could never go out and play with his friends, he could never go to school for more then 3 days a week. He missed almost all of his childhood. " I remember watching the boys play at the park across my house. Their smiling faces as they ran and chased each other. The world's not fair I thought as I felt my heart turn to a knot.  Why am I the one who is stuck in his bed wishing he could be normal. Why am I the one who sees the pitty in my parents eyes as they have to help me get changed. There's a girl in my class I had a crush on, it doesn't matter though. I'm sure one day she won't even remember my name. We will pass each other on the side of the street and I'll see her face.... I'll see a future that never came true one where we got married and had beautiful children. When she passes she will get a strange feeling of nostalgia as if she knew me. She'll dismiss it and head home to her husband and ki..." 

I couildnt take it anymore. Judging by how it was going thus far I didn't want to have a bad end. 

I picked up another book with the name Jessica D. The lover. I started to realize a trend. The cover of the book relates to what you want the most according to the stories. Your name is then followed by a  few words which boils down who you are. I flipped through the last few pages of Jessica's book. She was a promiscuous person, she sold her body to be able to afford food for her child. At least one time a week she was raped raped.  Yeah that's enough for me. 

I was drawn back to my own book... being pulled to it again. I wrap my hand around the binding of the book, it was quite thin. Nicholas G. The broken. Hmm that's quite a strange title I didn't consider myself broken. Sure I had problems just like everyone else but it wasn't anything crazy.  My book was different from the rest, it's cover was dark black almost as if it was burned. There was no embroidery , just worn down. The book was maybe about 30 pages much much less compared to everyone else's.  I flip open the first page.... 

" Nick felt as if he never fit in, he was always the odd one out. Since the beginning of 2nd grade he was constantly bullied for his plump nature. Constantly and unrelenting he was made fun of for his weight and personality, called the meat ball or waste of space. But that's fine because Nick eventually got used to it, after so long you start to ignore other humans and start thinking of only yourself. Thats just how it was, he sought solace in the internet and his friends online as there was no one for him in real life just himself.... "... I couldn't read this anymore. It was to painful my beginning was never good, being fat and poor that was a double whammy so whenever someone asked me about my past I just acted like it didnt exist. I skipped ahead a bit but my finger slipped and I came across one chapter. This one chapter accounted for 17 pages of my life.  "Regrets and missed opportunities "
 -Hershey 
-high school 
-England 
-Japan 
-middle school

It was 17 pages of just a long list. There was no description,just a general idea of what it was. However I reached the last entry.

-Felicia 

The only entry which had a name. I forgot about this girl for quite a while, we went to highschool togbether for a short bit and we were extremely close but I left that highschool shorty after for various reasons.  As days turned to weeks which turned to months our conversattions got shorter and shorter until they just ceased. I remember that she was always the one to text me first however I always have short replies. She went to the highschool that I wantted to forget and I guess somewhere along the way t hat turned into me wanting to forget her. Despite the short replies she always kept texting for months and years. She truly was a good friend but I just never noticed. Then eventually the messages stopped coming and I forgot about her.  That was not the regret. 

I notice Felicia's name is glowing like a hyper link, so obviously I try and touch it. Suddenly a bright and colorful book , one which stands out with its pink leather and bedazzled leather. "F. , the void" . The book was extremely short consisting of only 6 pages. The first 4 was about her life ghrowing up in a rough neighborhood which had a drive problem and how her parents tried their best for her. The 5th was about highschool and how she sought out friends in this crazy new experience away from home. It detailed how we met all of our friends and all of the weird things we did. Finally the last chapter was titled "Him". 

" I met this other kid today as we were on our way to these dorm type houses, his name was Nick and he seems pretty interesting. I know for a fact we are going to be great friends".....

" I had my first break up today, me and Nick went to get ice cream before we went to the Friday night school parties. He assured me that I was much better then who I was dating and that I deserved more. This boy has been there for me the entire time." 

" today I heard a rumor that kids on the football team were picking on Nick. When I saw him it looked like the light drained from his eyes...it scared me. I don't know how to be there for him... what should I do ? " 

" today I realized that I like Nick, it wasn't like in the movies honestly. We were at a football game and I looked over and I saw him laughing and I felt like I could get used to this, i felt like I had a place. I wonder if he feels the same ? " 

"Today I saw Nick getting bullied. Thekids were hitting him and calling him names. I wanted to just go up to them and beat the all up... what can I do ? I waited for Nick and I hugged him and he started crying in my arms and I did too. I'm scared. " 

" one of our best friends told me Nick left the school.  I messaged him as quickly as I could. He didn't reply for 3 days. I asked him if he really did leave the school, he said yeah and that he wants to forget that place." 

" I asked him to come back and told him that we all missed him, he said "I don't care". I feel like I'm breaking."

"I keep messaging Nick... He doesn't want to talk to me" 

"Nicks gone. People are picking on me for my height"

"School sucks, I want it to end" 

" i hope Nick is doing good, it's been two years... " 

" the color in the world is gone" 

"Maybe I don't belong here." 

Goodbye Nick. -Felicia 

I felt what seemed like boiling streams of acid drip down my cheeks and onto the paper. I didn't realize what I did wrong. I didn't realize that I should have been there for her. I was to selfish focusing on what I wanted to forget and not what I needed tto remember. My chest tightened as it got harder and harder to breathe

I could have saved her.... I alone could have made such a huge impact on her life...but I didn't. 

I was truly broken beyond repair by my inability to react.... "yeah truly broken". 

Suddenly my book was glowing... everything was changing. The binding, the color ,the embroidery, the length everything... Suddenly a pen appeared in between the pages of my book with a blue glow. Thats when I realized... These books.... they aren't about your past. It's about everything. Your past , your present , your future and your potential. Everyone starts as an empty book it's up to us to fill the pages, we have to write our own story.  This one allowed me to write a story that can overwrite what was previously written. I pick up the pen and start on a new page.... 


Woah where am I? I was just driving and all of a sudden I'm in front of a library.... Why is this one glowing ? man that was some bad meth...remind me to quit this. Alright let's start with the basics. 

My name is Michael J. I'm 24 years old and I work ad a pizza delivery guy. I was driving my car but now I'm here in front of all these books. 

I walk towards the old and tall bookshelf  and pick the first book I see, it was on the ground right under N..... "Nicholas G. The savior"......

Weird, what's this?.... on the back of the book  there was a single sticky note like thing. 

"I can't see you die again "
 - F. 



THE END 

Rest well Felicia you will always be with me. I love you and I always will. 









