"so the world will roll?" 

a slightly perturbed news anchor asked the exhasuted looking scientist sitting across the table from him.

"that's simplifying it, but basically yes"  

I knew the scientist, Dr. Wagner, had been agonizing over how to deliver this news to the public. Wagner always liked to use a lot of technical jargon when speaking of our work and hated being paraphrased, but he knew to get this information out there in a digestible manner he would have to allow the anchor to get his sound bites.

It worked judging by the initial response online, people were shocked at hearing the news. We had anticipated this, Dr. Wagner was sent out to break the headline and in a few hours I would hold a press conference to detail exactly what will happen and how they will be effected.

I decide to practice my statement in the mirror one more time, this is too important to mess up.

"Hello, my name is Dr. Daniel O'Toole. I work for the Scientific Homeland Environmental Department. For the past year and a half I have lead a team of scientists working on a project code named Allstar."

I never understood the code name, but i was never consulted in the code naming process.

"As was reported earlier today by my colleague Dr. Henry Wagner, my team has made a terrifying discovery that will change our world drastically. a complete polarity reversal will happen to the earth in one months time. This will basically cause the north pole to become the south pole and vice versa. the rotation of the earth in this way will be an apocalyptic level disaster, earthquakes will cause damage to all major highways and bridges in the coming month leading to the shift, for your safety we recommend taking backroads whenever possible. after the shift occurs we will see large scale flooding as a portion of the polar ice caps will melt due to the axis change. the climate will be impacted as well, most places with a cooler climate will be getting colder, and around the equator it may feel like your world is on fire. my team and I have exhausted every avenue we have, I'm sorry but there is nothing that can be done."

I look down from the mirror to a message from someone on my twitter feed

"@smashmouth99: Let's go for the moon"

What a concept, maybe if we had time it would work. 

Forget the moon i say to myself, right now I might as well be walking on the sun.        