/Hi reddit! this is my first post here. So I don't really know what I'm doing. I know this was posted a few days ago but I wrote a story for this prompt anyway, if anyone sees this haha. I haven't edited at all so I'm kinda nervous but here goes./

-

05: 47

Night had seeped across the sky and into the jagged landscape of the city, but it was still not yet dark. The astronomer sat on the small balcony of his matchbox apartment, floating detachedly above the main body of the city. He had been sitting there since late afternoon, watching the sun fade and the smaller, uglier suns of this age of manufacturing reveal themselves on the ground far below his feet. It was a daily obsession. Each day he watched keenly for the dark to pool in: for the sharp points of the stars to reveal themselves, like a man waiting, reverent and devout, for his Gods to return to the earth. But each day he was left disappointed, and the bitterness in his stomach was murky and thick like the smog that drowned out the sky. This sunset, though, came with a sense of finality. He leaned on the flimsy railing and looked over and down, down to the ground.

People swarmed in miniature. Formed patterns, scattered, met again. The harsh cry of someone wronged – the imploring broadcast of a poor baker – the loud laughter of a group of men – again and again, voices came. The persistent hum of engines, the music from shops or cars. No quiet. Lights sprung in every quiet corner, dazzling and distracting with their hot reds, cheap yellows, headache blues. And the smells: one moment, the sweet smell of egg custard tarts, which was then drowned out by the exhaust of a car, screeching away. An unwashed man, then a new age shop’s incense, then a hotel’s growing pile of garbage. The sour smell of burnt tires suddenly penetrated the air and the astronomer jerked backwards, into his apartment. He shut the sliding doors and dampened the noise, but the smell had already come in. His stomach turned and his mouth twisted. He strode deeper into his house.

Here, it was dark, and cool, and the air was – if not fresh – at least as clean as it could be. He came to his favourite room, his place of comfort. Inside, after he closed the door, there was no light. He flicked the switch and on the ceiling, a complicated net of fairy lights flickered on. Up here, in this dark room above the city, the astronomer believed these lights were the closest thing the modern world had to stars, besides the sim shops. They were distant blue and white. Just like the real thing.

Along the walls were shelves, layered with books and equipment. Antique astronomy posters plastered every small space on the one plain wall. The astronomer stepped past the shelves and sat at his desk, swivelling to stare at the pictures. He leaned his head on his hands and closed his eyes. His foot tapped and his blood beat fast in his ears. Tonight was the night. All he could do now was wait.

*

05: 13

His work wasn’t suspicious when he asked for the details of the power station. He was an engineer by day. It was his job to know these things. He waited until a few people had, at around the same time, complained of similar power issues, then got what he needed to.

“I’m doing repairs,” he told them gruffly, and they never stopped him.

He had finally finished what he had begun, just a few hours before he sat in his room full of stars. He held the silver heart of the city in his hands. Now there was nothing anyone could do. All there was to do was wait.

*

02: 26

His city wasn’t one that put much effort into pretending to care about any form of nature, but there was one place where he knew he could have both a view of the city, and of the uninterrupted sky. A few forgotten hilly fields lay on the banks of a concrete river, which cut through an especially industrial sector of the city.
He parked his car behind a hulking air conditioner factory, and sat quietly for a moment. He checked the clock. Two hours and twenty four minutes. His whole body seemed to buzz: his hands trembling and his very cells, the atoms they were made up of, vibrating.

In the shadow of the factory he felt small and unnoticeable; just another small person that made up the city. The city was completely indifferent to any one person – as long as it had enough people to consume and who would consume for it, it was beating and alive. The astronomer had grown to see the city as a creature, alive as any of the people inside it. Possibly more alive. Bones and ligaments became huge, heavy buildings, skyscrapers, and bridges. The flash of sun on every reflective surface, every sweeping pane of glass were its eyes, aware and awake. And the people present, flowing down from major highways to roads, trickling into side streets and alleyways, were the hot blood in its veins.

It was young and immortal, but the astronomer wanted it dead. Or at least dormant and quiet for a moment. It was so huge a being that it had taken away one thing essential to humanity, or at least humanity’s soul: the sky and the stars. The sky was the origin of beauty – without it, what were the people around him? How could they truly have perspective on their lives without knowing the face of the universe?

He stepped out of his car and locked it, bringing with him a blanket and a bag. Even around here, there were people, drinking at pubs or working shifts. There were always people, and there was never dark. He sighed. It was quiet at least, and high up, and he could see a long way across the still lit city.

He walked to find a suitable spot. The grass was long and tickled his hands, but on the hill near the edge of the river the land was mostly bald dirt. He lay out his blanket and sat. Out of his bag he pulled his digital camera, some takeaway dinner, a few candles and matches, and a book. The cover was worn and faded – before it had been his, it was his mother’s favourite as well – but ‘THE UNIVERSE’ could still be read in bold white letters.

Eating his dinner and reading, he waited.

*

Edit: formatting + idk what the heck is happening