"I am Doctor Daniel Stuart, I'm the CEO of Biological New Horizons Foundation, I cannot believe that finally, we finished the project "Horizons" a week ago, let me give a quick review of our purpose and also my dream; A dream that I had many years ago when I was just a med student, in December of 2012 I was still deeply touched by the death of my beloved father at 58, he was a man who wanted to everyone had a positive view of life and death but I did not share his point of view when he was alive and I did not like even when he died, try to understand death is a way with only one road with finished in sorrows and melancholy. I still miss him sometimes when I saw the face of my son.

I realized that life in a few words is just a functional body, the truth is that we lived a limited life just because our cells at some point in their lives they start to decay for an unknown reason, I wasted many years trying to figure out the reason and tried to solve it but it seemed impossible at the beginning and it turned worst with the time continued because I had not enough money to continue with all the research that I needed by my own.

But our world is full of good people willing to help a reasonable purpose, I created this foundation not only for my dream come true but also the hope of many people with a  concern about life in general, with a deeper understanding of the word "human being". We are here to change the course of history and we already did it, please gentlemen make a grant applause to the drug "horizons" with not only altered the capacity of our cells to non-stop mitosis, it brings a cover layer to our neurons to do not atrophied with time."

\-Daniel, can you hear me? 

Daniel turns his head to the back looking for someone but there wasn't nobody around him in the podium 

\-Who is? 

all the applauses made Daniel elevated both of his arms in a sign of his happiness, but he touched his head, the voice that he started to listen make him feel pain.

\-Daniel, it is time... I wait as you can see for this event to happen since we make the pact. who am I, Daniel? say my name loudly.

\-NO. stop it. stop it. 

Daniel started to punch and kick everybody, people terrified and surprised, a couple of men with uniforms started to hold daniel's arms and legs to calm down.

\-It can't be real!! it was a fucking dream!! 

\-Say my name Daniel, and let me in or I will find the way to do it anyway.

\-AAAHHH! just leave my mind!

a friend of Daniel hold his hand and call 911, people of the conference start to leave the place because of the police.

\-Daniel, my name is code made by myself, it brings me the power that I need to make an appearance, the pain in your head is just the trigger. say it!

\-LUCIFEEEEEER!!! 

when the ambulance appears daniel just faded, they took him to the hospital. Daniel's friend spoke with the doctor about the symptoms of Daniel. 

\-look doctor Daniel is my friend and I know him, these last weeks he was full of work it probably causes this...

\-I made an ICM of his brain, my colleagues found a tumor in his head is probably the reason of the pain and the hallucinations... he has an inoperable frontal lobe tumor, I'm sorry.

\-OOHH! my dear brother! ( tears) 

\- We put him in a coma right now, we can wake him up just for a moment so you can say goodbye and some words, but the pain probably affects his words. I'm sorry.

Later in Daniel's room, the nurse takes a moment to check his vitals after administered some painkillers. but inside of his mind, he was talking with somebody like back in the old-times.

\-Daniel, you already have what you wanted, it is time for me to have what I want. 

\-It is like the dream that I had when my dad past away, where am I? and why all those people are looking at me?

\-Don't worry, they all are part of other deals that I finished this decade. Soon you would have time to meet them and talk.

\-So I already died? 

\-No, I don't want you to die, it is not part of my plan at all. I mean it would be bad for me if you die, I want to take your body. 

\-What? my body? But I could listen to them talking about a tumor in my head. I will die soon.

\-It is easy to erase a tumor, angels can do it, is just part of my powers. but I cannot give immortality to the flesh...

\-What are you talking about? 

\-Soon you will see and hear dear Daniel, soon...

Between tears, Daniel's friend hold his hand and whisper to his ear, I can leave you without doing everything in my power to save your life, Daniel, I take the drug of the foundation and make some modifications it probably help to resist the tumor, I know that I should tell you but I make a different drug meanwhile we were working, I made a better one it no stimulate mitosis it stopped and created a loop inside of every cell, the tumor will not grow more and you could live brother.

Daniel's friend gives him the drug and in a couple of hours he wakes up.

\-What happened?

\-Daniel!! my brother you will be fine, just a week of rest and you could go home.

\-NOOOO! I was in that place and those people screaming, what's today? 

\-Daniel calm down, is the hallucinations

\-Tell me the fucking day, we don't have much time, they said it must occur on Friday.

\-what are you talking Daniel? today is Friday you stayed in a coma for 3 days.

\-He wants the drug but I don't know why he needs my body...

\-Who? who needs your body?

(the lights shut down for a moment and return)

\-Hello, you must be Hector.

\-Daniel, what are you saying?

\-look hector it would be a pleasure to introduce me, but I have a ton of things to do. 

\-Daniel...Your head is bleeding, I need to call the nurse. Nurseee!

\-this is the tumor Hector, this body doesn't need it anymore.

\-Who are you?

\-Just call me Lucifer. and I need to change the name of the foundation by the way.

\-What? 

\-yeah, I had the correct name since I met Daniel. Apocalipsis.

(the light shuts down again but didn't come back)

\-Daniel where are you?

\-Don't worry hector you will soon meet with him.

when the nurse arrived a body full of blood was found in the room. meanwhile, the patient was waking up.

\-Are you fine? sir, I'm the nurse, you are in a hospital, your friend he is...what happened?!!

\-I just remember he saying something about don't stand my death, am I dying?

\- Sir your bed is full of blood.

\-YEAH, I REMEMBER HI TRIED TO KILL ME BEFORE HE COMMIT SUICIDE!! 

\-Sir please please calm down. try to calm down Daniel, I will call the doctor.

\-I will be fine and please I would like to you use my second name.

\-yes, sir just calm down, you need to rest. what's your name?

\-Daniel Demian. 

\-What are you smiling Sir?

\-you will see, you will see...

(the lights shut down again)