Sam dove recklessly behind the chest high chunk of broken concrete, slamming her shin into a wayward steel rod. Tears welled in her eyes and she gritted her teeth against the sharp pain, and her fingers were wet with blood when she went to rub her screaming right leg. She pulled auburn hair out of her face as she tried to compose herself. Behind her the circle of white light moved quickly along the ground, flicking erratically in seemingly random directions but always moving in a more or less linear fashion. 


The light paused where Sam had been moments before. Sam froze. She couldn't breath, couldn't move, paralyzing fear clawing and raking at her. *This is it. This is how I die*. The light moved on. After what seemed like hours, Sam exhaled. She searched the broken landscape, cowering behind the broken wall. The remnants of a city block surrounded her, toppled buildings and broken cars for miles in each direction. Other than the dancing circles of unnaturally white light that darted down streets and through alleyways the quarter moon was the only illumination available on this warm, humid night. Finally she spotted a flash of movement behind an overturned station wagon about 40 feet away. She made a loud click with her tongue.


Moments later a towering, lean man in all black dashed into cover next to her, fear and worry clear upon his face in the moonlight. Scars lined his otherwise handsome features. He saw the blood on her hands and leg and opened his mouth to speak. 


"I'm alright, Rob. Its just a scrape" she whispered before he could speak. He held her face in his hand for a moment, dragging his thumb across her cheek. 


"I wish you'd stayed in the shelter. I couldn't handle losing you" he finally said, sliding in to softly kiss her on the forehead. 


"I'm the best forager of all of us, and can see better in the dark too. You'd be lost without me. Besides, I've done more of these night runs than you have." She said with narrowing eyes. The soft expression on his face prevented any anger though. "Come on, the truck should be right ahead. Stay close to me this time." She immediately darted from the cover, staying low and moving quickly down the dark street. Rob sighed and followed.


Years ago, when people still lived here, this had been a bustling street. Shops selling designer clothes, quaint antiques, and various cuisines had lined the sidewalks. She remembered the noise and the smells, her mother telling her to stay beside her. Now only rubble and broken glass remained. Ahead, she spotted their target: a box truck laying on its side. The windows had shattered when the truck flipped, and in the cab she could see a blackened skeleton still clutching the wheel. Sam shivered. She held up, waiting for Rob to catch up, keeping her distance from a pair of bright lights moving rapidly up a side street to her left. 


"This is going to be tricky. There's no where to hide except in the back of the truck itself" she said pointing. 


"What do we do then?"


"I'll go first. Get the back open. I see a latch but it doesn't look like it's locked. When it's clear dive into the back and we will go from there."


Sam waited for another light to pass, then darted out into the road, quickly closing the gap to the truck. The back was shut tight but didn't appear to be locked. *Finally, some luck* she thought. Rob hissed something from the darkness behind her. As she glanced over her shoulder, a circle of light was coming up the street, and quickly. She fumbled with the latch. The light was closer, heading right for her. *Don't panic. Just focus* a voice in her head was saying. The latch was stuck, rusted in place. She threw her weight against it. The light was almost on her. 

With a grunt she slammed herself into the latch and it sprang open, the force throwing open the sliding back door of the box truck. She turned. The light was mere feet from her, moving terrifyingly fast. Something slammed into her side, sending her flying into the back of the truck. 


She raised her eyes, dazed. Rob stood in the opening, arms extended towards her. In a flash, the light caught him. His eyes blazed with fear, his mouth screaming. No sound reached Sam's ears. She wanted to go to him. She wanted to cry, to scream, to grab him. Instead she sat shaking, mouth agape.


For several moments Rob didn't move. His skin began to sag, drooping low on his frame. Then it began to melt off, falling from his body, revealing the muscle and bone underneath. His muscle and organs followed suit, and soon only a blackened skeleton remained of Sam's husband. He'd never moved. Never made a sound. The light stayed at the back of the truck for several minutes, making sure its harvest was finished, then darted off down the street searching for more prey. 


Sam remained in the back of the truck, sobs wracking her slender frame. All around her were the canned food they had journeyed out to retrieve. None of it mattered now. She laid there for hours. Eventually, after no more tears would come, her exhaustion caught up with her and she slipped into unconsciousness. 

**My first post! I hope someone gets at least a sliver of enjoyment from it. Would love any feedback! I know I kind of liberally interpreted the prompt**




