"Are you sure about this Ilian" Odan asked, his antenna twitched with irritation? Odan had always liked Ilian but sometimes she could be more trouble than she was worth, most of the hierarchy was like that, but being the youngest graduate from the institute and a member of the royal family he couldnt just say no even if her request was utter lunacy.
"absolutely" she said, her own antennae wiggling with excitement.
"the chance to study a war species unlike any other, name one person who wouldn't jump at the chance." she said, bouncing in her seat at the prospect. "anyone who would want to live an long and happy life safe and sound with their carapace still intact" odan said slightly bitter because her discovery, while monumental, would only flame the fires of her already sizable ego. " do you realize how dangerous your proposal is, not just to you but to them as well. You could irrevocably destabilize their already fragile civilization, in the name of the prophet they haven't even properly mastered how to leave their own gravity well" his anger evident by the shifting pattern of colors displayed across his body.

"Its not like you can really refuse me Odan, and even coming to you is a formality and you know it. so how about you save the lecture for your children and authorize my request. I am well aware of the dangers involved which is why i will be using the remotes instead of going down personally. i maybe young odan but i am not an idiot and i would appreciate it if you stopped treating me like a child" Ilian liked odan but sometimes his staunch adherence to protocols could be infuriating.

"You are a child Ilian, a prodigy like no other but still a child, And if you want me to authorize your foolishness you had best learn to speak to me with the respect my station deserves. You maybe royalty, but your father does not rule here and if you have any hope of furthering your career then you better start following institute protocols else you will be dismissed and returned to the imperial palace. Imagine the shame of having to face your father while you explain why." Internally he smirked to himself seeing her shrink at the though of having to face the emperor and he was someone you did not want to disappoint, especially if youre one of his children.

"now" he continued "i am willing to to grant you use of one cruiser with a compliment of sensor remotes and a type 4 cloaking system. So long as you follow institute protocols for studying a k-zero civilization and maintain daily contact with homeworld command." the chaotic pattern on his skin slowly changing from the red and orange of anger to a softer shade of paternal green as he spoke "will that be a problem Ilian" 

Her antenna twitch with irritation as she nodded no "I-" she began to speak but odan cut her off saying "Ilian i am not trying to be harsh or cruel but we live in a chaotic universe full of danger, and that world is danger incarnate. Besides being royalty, and my greatest student ilian, you have become like a daughter to me and i don't want you to come to any harm." his features softened as he stood up and walked around his desk to face her, so small and fragile she looked in that chair. Such a young body yet within her tiny frame was a mind of pure genius and an intellect like no other.

Ilian looked up at him, tall and proud odan was with only a few age lines and none of the graying that most people his age displayed, and deep within her she knew the truth of what he said. While her father was the emperor, she was just one of hundreds of children and it was odan who showed her a larger world, treated her with respect as an equal, even opening his home and heart to her treating her like one of his own children. with tears streaming from her eyes she stood up and wrapped her arms around him "I am sorry odan, please i will do what ever you say just let me go." looking at him with the pleading eyes of a child whose heart was an the edge of breaking. A smile crept across odans face as he gently wiped away her tears" very well you can go, just be safe. And please, dont make me regret this." reaching across his desk he keyed in a code on his console. "there you go, you have authorization." 

And with that all the sadness and frustration in her face disappeared only to be replaced with that wide eyed look of joy she usually had, "the resiliancy of youth" he thought as he looked into her eyes, the ability of children to bounce from one emotional extreme to another never ceasing to amaze him.

"Thank you odan" she said over and over again overjoyed at the thought of being the first to catalog and study the life of earth, as it was called by the natives. "And odan" she said as the colors of her carapice shifted hue to purple and pink "i am sorry for what i said earlier, i was out of line to speak to you like that. You deserve better." she said as she hugged him tighter, not that she would ever tell the old man but in her heart she wished he had been her father and in many ways she felt like he wished the same.

Extending her antenna in gratitude she touched hers to his, an intimacy usually reserved for family, "be safe" he whispered "come home a hero, and make us all proud."
"i will" she said as she turned and left him alone in his office, it was the last time either would see each other.



