Time is a funny thing. Most people, myself included until recently, consciously try to avoid thinking much about the length of time they have left. We’re utterly ruled by time, yet we deliberately refuse to acknowledge the one time limit that matters above all others. I certainly never sat and thought with any level of intensity about my lifespan, about the age I would reach before I would be gone forever. Even now, considering the question makes me uneasy.

But I’m lucky. Or not, depending on your perspective. I can’t decide for myself some days. I don’t actually *have* to consider that question, to think about that daunting prospect. I’m what’s known as a Constant. Apparently, there are one or two of us in dotted about here or there, up to a total of exactly 100 at any one time. The number can decrease momentarily, but the Universe apparently has a hard rule of 100, and so it always pops back up in a few decades. How do old Constants pass and get replaced, and does that mean that Constants are actually just people with very long and unpredictable lifespans? I can’t tell you that. Partially because I’m not too sure myself. Still, those of us who don’t mysteriously vanish, cannot die and do not age past around 35. I found this out not too long ago, although admittedly my perspective on time has been somewhat altered by the news.

You see, Constants have been around for the whole of human history. That’s kind of the point. And so, for a long time, they would meet and interact, finding one another and crossing paths to forge friendships or rivalries that would survive hundreds of years and be as fresh as if they had been begun a day earlier. This is how things always were. But, at some point in the next thousand years, there will be a new and important change to the lives of all Constants, even those now long dead. Time travel.

The first traveller will set off sometime around 3200. He’ll die almost immediately, having travelled not only temporally but spatially and into the midst of a battle he had planned to watch. Another 50 or so years of ironing out the kinks, and suddenly there would be several time travellers. Not a huge amount, as the knowledge and skills necessary are hoarded carefully and difficult to master, but a good number. Eventually, a traveller will learn of the existence of Constants, and will find one to talk to. They will become friends and eventually, the traveller will leave, but not before asking the Constant to pass on a message to his friend visiting a period several hundred years later. If this sounds confusing, that’s because it is. Regardless, this small act will begin a tradition, one which will spread (and has spread) across the timeline in both directions.

It is now, but it also has always been, the case that when a time traveller and a Constant cross paths, they share stories and are friendly, and often ask one another to pass on a message to another person at another time. Now, since there’s such a small number of Constants, and the vanishing and replacement of one is extremely rare, this is a fairly successful approach. Constants, by their nature, tend to be more than willing to accept news of time travel and the traditional interactions that are expected of them, as they have the benefit of extremely long lives and an open perspective driven by that.

Of course, every now and then, this doesn’t happen. Because, although most Constants are at least a few hundred years old in the vast majority of time periods, there are times that can be visited where one or more Constants is still too young to be aware of what that means. I was one of those times.

27 years old. The youngest Constant existing in 2019, as far as I’ve been able to find out. That’s how old I was when a man walked into the coffee shop I was sat inside and asked me to tell someone in 2070 that he owed them a forfeit.I’m not ashamed to admit that my initial thoughts were, in order, “I hope this crazy homeless man doesn’t get aggressive or try to steal my laptop”; “Homeless men don’t wear nice suits and have well groomed hair.” and “Are they bringing prank shows back?”.Thankfully, Wesley understood my confusion almost immediately.I would regale you with the details of our conversation, but I’ve relayed almost all the interesting stuff already and the rest of it is not for just anybody’s ears. However, he was calm and confident enough that I found myself listening quietly, despite not believing a word of it. He seemed a little downhearted when I didn’t appear to be convinced at the end of it, but simply shrugged and asked me to remember that message just in case.

I probably would have forgotten about that day. In fact, I definitely would have. My memory isn’t great at the best of times and once I’d told the story to a few friends for a quick laugh, it’d have been filed away in the back of my mind with the details of maths lessons I took in primary school and the lyrics to hymns.

Until I got hit by the bus.

You see, you know how I said Constants can’t die? Well we aren’t invulnerable. Just immortal. And, fun little piece of information that Wesley conveniently forgot to mention and probably didn’t expect me to need was that this means if you get utterly mangled by an out of control bendy bus careening its way through Central London at 3am when you just want to get home and go to sleep after a stupid fight with a bouncer at a club you didn’t even want to get into except there was a girl you remembered from school there and you could swear she had a thing for you back then so it was worth a try – you get buried.

Buried, alive. Except not really alive as such, more like “in a coma so deep the mortician cuts you open and you don’t realise”. Then you wake up, and after the first few hours of screaming it kind of sets in that you should have listened more to that guy in the coffee shop. Then, after the first few days of soiling yourself and slowly fading to that dormant state again from dehydration and starvation, you’re just singing songs you used to like softly and trying to let yourself go.

Wesley though, the beautiful bastard, he didn’t just leave the coffee shop and go home. No, he waited, and stayed with me just out of sight for a week, eventually seeing me be buried wrongly.While I’ll admit I’m not happy he waited a few days to “learn the schedule of the security so that he didn’t get thrown into a 21st century jail and fuck us both over”, that glimpse of light when he broke the casket, the penetration of that contrast doing what the sounds and sensations of digging had not and waking me just slightly was the best feeling I think it’s possible to feel.

I’ll spare you the gory details of my return to feeling vaguely human, and stick to just reminding you all that Wesley is a beautiful bastard. Without him, I’d still be in that hole, basically dead but still capable of feeling despair. I wonder sometimes if that’s where some of the Constants that drop off the list are, but that’s not something I like to dwell on.

Now, I’m not really sure of my next step. It’s really quite impressive how lying in your own grave for a week can make worrying about employment and getting a girlfriend who doesn’t cheat on you seem small. But at the same time, I think that maybe it’s that pressure that keeps us from just defaulting to wandering, never really doing anything of substance. It’s not a coincidence, I think, that you’ve never heard of Constants before despite the fact any one of us could conceivably have become an immortal ruler at some point. When anything you might do or that might happen to you or anyone else will eventually wear out, and you know you will be there to see it, I think it becomes quite difficult to care.

But I thought I’d write this anyway, now, before the whole “Immortal” thing starts to make me lose perspective. Not certain it’s useful or important, but I felt like it needed to be written. So I guess the message of the story here, if you want one other than the fact I’m not exactly an expert writer, is to listen when a man in a coffee shop tells you you can’t die, and start thinking about writing a few changes into your will. Oh, and if your name is Tao Lane and you’re a Constant reading this in the year 2070, Wesley owes you a forfeit and apparently you were right about the elephant. I don’t know what that means but I’ll never forget it now.