Never done any creative writing before, figured I'd give it a shot. 

  

He could feel it before he noticed anything else, the way the air changed. It had been a summers day with warm breezes carrying the scent of the flower garden and wine. Now all he could feel was coldness that had saturated the air. 

Then came the sound. It was the sound of hollowed breaths that no mortal man would make. It’s breath rattled as it came closer to him. 

He knew what it was, how could he not? After all death comes for us all. He knew the moment he felt the sword pierce his back that death would come for him. That fight was not one he could have won, but he hoped had given the child enough time for her to get to her father. She was a good dancer for one so young, he hoped she would keep growing her skills, the days to come would be filled with suffering and pain. She would need to be strong and swift to survive. 

Death stood above the man who was laying on stone floor beneath him. The man was older, his dark curly hair was beginning to thin, his face showed the early signs of wrinkles betraying his age. Taking a moment to pay the man his respect he raised his scythe ready to reap him. As he swung down he felt something he had never experienced before in the eternity that he had existed, he felt his scythe stop. 

Beneath death the man had raised his wooden training sword and managed to halt the swing of the reapers scythe. To say that death was surprised would be an understatement, he had existed as long as life had. He had taken the souls of countless warriors from battles past, he would take countless more in the times to come, it was his purpose for being. Yet before him now, this man had managed to block his swing with nothing more than a wooden training sword. 

“It is your time warrior, put your sword aside and rest.” Death spoke, his voice rattling. 

The man looked at death as if he were an old rival and replied, “not today”. 

The man lunged forward swinging the training sword at the reaper, who had to jump back to avoid it, Death tried to retaliate by slashing outwards towards the man with his scythe, only to have the man twirl out of the way. 

For the first time in his existence, Death had an opponent. For the man fought valiantly, knowing that this fight was the one that he had been training for his whole life. 

Eventually the two broke apart, their dance of blades coming to a standstill. Death had not been in a situation like this, he knew the man was out of time and yet… He felt himself drawn to this individual. Death felt an idea come to him, one he had thought about doing many times yet never had he actually gone through with it. Until now. 

“You will have more time warrior, use it well.” Death spoke to the man, “for when we next meet, you will come with me.” Death raised his hand and snapped his skeletal fingers. The man felt the wound that was in his back vanish, feelings of warm began to touch his skin as the suns fingers caressed his skin once more. 

The man looked back to where Death had stood only to see no trace of the being, yet the man knew he would be back. 

Yes, he knew he would met the being again someday. When that day came he would fight again, after all there is only one god, and His name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: 'not today'. 

With that thought in mind Syrio Forel walked towards the palace exit. Arya would need his help again soon no doubt. 