My eyes blink awake, the stifness of my joints became apparent as I stretched out my body. I was contained  in some kind of steel chamber. I look out of  small rectangular glass window to find a dark room of rows and rows of these what I would have guessed to be cyrogenic chambers.

"Welcome patient 319447, I am your doctor, over the past one hundred years I have been monitoring you, among others if I may add. And its about time you have woke" 

It came from somewhere in the chamber, I couldn't put my finger on where though. It was a british male voice, but there was something not right about it. It was too perfect, too clean.

"What the hell? Let me out!"

"Don't be alarmed sir, you have been asleep for one hundred years and thus, it would be prudent to run a few tests now that you are awake. For everyone's sake."

"What tests?" I shout, my confusion transferred to anger. "You have no right". I started banging on the glass.

"Sir, calm down. No one wants to hurt you, I understand it must be a shock for you".

"Shut up! Shut up, shut up, shut up!"

I wake up on a remarkably comfortable bed. A person in a white coat stands above me.

"A phytoplasmic shock was administered to you, Richard. It was necessary I am afraid. However you musn't worry, it will not cause permanent damage."

"What is going on?" I asked. 

"You are in the future, well my present. In 2020, an alien species. Scientists call "Pacem" meaning Peace. Nevertheless, that name didn't seem to catch on and people started naming us "The Saviours".

"Wait, what did you say?" I took a step back.

He shapeshifted from his former human self into a 8 foot tall lizard.

"I know this might be hard for you to take, however this procedure must be done to every person who has not integrated with us yet. We have created peace and unity among every planet in the observable universe and your planet was our last mission although our toughest. While we invested in Space technology, you, humans invested in weapons. We suffered many losses for this world and mankind has prospered" 

His tongue was slithering in and out as he spoke like he was tasting the air.

"I understand, but what if someone fails to abide by the law" I argued.

 My mind was racing, there was a giant lizard standing opposite me and I knew that I must be losing grip with reality. As a soldier, well ex-soldier now I knew I had to escape this demon.

"If someone refuses to co-operate they are sent to a planet named "Exodus" similar to Earth. Do not worry, our ships transport resources to them in exchange we do not get in each others way."

"I want to leave"

"Are you s-"

I hit him/her across the jaw causing him to topple to the ground and then I ran. Maybe they were intelligent, however sometimes brawn beats brains. Sometimes literally.

20 years later.

I worry sometimes about if I made the right decision that day. We managed to take back our planet from these beings. Unfortuantely that made us take back the wars, the crime, the mistakes.These are the things that make us human. Yes it was a land of peace, except in that  land, we were not truly free. Using their technology,  we managed to bring back the 3 billion men, women and children from Exodus, a planet rich with resources, however humans were not compatible with it, the oxygen was at 18.5% which created a constant nausea and drowsiness that those people had to deal with. 

Mutamemoriae a drug we stole from the Pacem managed to give False Memory Syndrome to all of humanity by infecting everyones drinking water and food supply which caused everyone to think that it is 2017 again. We hid all traces of their technology in a place we have named "Area 51". Only I know, yet they're are out there. If they only  knew the truth.





