"It's about damn time."

The feathers of the Azerpo representative ruffled slightly before she spoke.

"But Sire, should a problem arise-"

"Look, there are twelve trillion of your peoples now. If not even a single one of them can find a solution, then I have already failed. And stop calling me that, I have a name, use it."

"My deepest apologies, Alexander." She withdrew, leaving a few molted feathers in her wake.

He sighed and inhaled raspily to his own delight and the dismay of the council representatives.

"Now, I didn't call you all here to just make a spectacle out of myself. I need your assurances that I have all the paperwork in order for my termination. I assume each of you has brought a physical copy of the quanta public key that was used to sign the document?"

--

Nine cubes were placed upon the table. Nine out of twelve, which was still better than he had expected.

The short, bulbous form of an Uul slowly wumbled forward. He tried to hide his chin wobbles, but that just made them come out in bursts.

"Actually, a few of us in the under sector are facing a shortage of quantic quantity, so-o we would like to request an extension for this request."

"Stop behaving like children."

"We are your children, Alexander." The eyes of the Uul grew into big somber orbs. A response that Alex knew was designed just to be persuasive to the last living human.

"No, each one of you is a high ranking member of a fully functional, modularized, contingencied, and insured species. You will produce the keys that I know you left in your ships or you will be facing a shortage of my patience in the form of economic sanctions."

--

The group reconvened by his bedside an hour later, this time with all twelve keys on the table.

"Good. Now, are there any final objections before we get this going?"

There was a momentary silence as each representative built up the confidence to speak. The Azerpo was the first to chirp up.

"Actually, you mentioned insurance. You do realize your death will mean that our premiums will be going up?"

"I have already set up a 13th foundation to combat the rise in premiums. It is funded well beyond perpetuity. Your daughter is working there in fact, I only suggested that she and everyone else there let it remain a surprise."

After seeing how thoroughly dismantled the first representative was, the rest decided to invest their gold in silence.

--

"Now, I have also set up a 14th foundation, as good things come in pairs. This one is designed to acquire the best of litigatory talent for the sole purposes of preventing my resuscitation, reproduction, and reverence. Should anyone try to revive me, clone my intellectual property, or worship my image, they will face a legal battle that will leave them a shadow of their former selves."

--

The room broke out into a cacophony of protests. Alex was pleased that had clearly predicted their contingencies and disrupted them thoroughly, but it was time for his final act.

"ENOUGH. I have spent 2 million years helping you and I am finally a dying man. My final wish is that you leave me to rest where I belong: in the past. I hope you all have enough shame left to see yourselves out."

A few murmurs and gestures of respect later and he was alone, victorious at last.

He closed his eyes and began to think.

--

The great filter was risk avoidance. Alex knew that if he went on for another millennia, it would consume each of them, one after another, with each collapse only expediting the next. His presence was hindering their ability to learn how to manage risk in a healthy way, as they always found a way to offload it onto him, one way or another. His death was the only way to ensure their survival, but of course it would only work it it was wrapped in the pretense of existential tiredness.

He thought about his own people, unwilling to cut the ties that anchored them into the depths.

He thought about the day he realized he could not bring a child into this universe without them being ripped apart by the tidal forces around him.

He thought about clear blue water on a soft sand beach.

He thought about