It would only take a second.

The snap of the Magician's fingers usually could fix all wrongs; it had been working for years. An old lady would scream for him in the street about her morning paper being late and, with a snap, it would suddenly appear in her grateful hands. The same would happen for the stock broker, late to his morning meeting. He would curse and cry to the Magician who was sympathetic; with a snap, the stock broker would be sailing away on a flying motorcycle to his meeting - simultaneously cool and efficient.

So the Magician had taken a vacation; we'd all agreed that it was a deserved one. But overnight crime had seemingly disappeared. People were able to do menial tasks again; things they hadn't been able to do in years. Arthritic fingers suddenly deflated and traffic even seemed to flow smoother during peak travel times. We all perplexedly scratched our heads. *Could this be the Magician?*

It would only take one second.

He sat before the judge, hands tied together as if in prayer. They were ziptied at the wrists and at the last knuckle of his fingers. His finely waxed moustache was wilted and clumpy with sweat. Without his extravagant purple costume, he looked like anyone. Someone small and meek; maybe a bank teller or jeweller. But this person had deceived us all for years. As the jury read their guilty verdict and a tall woman burst into tears, clutching through the air to the woeful Magician, the judge prepared his final words.

"Today we are witnesses to justice. For years, we became reliant on this man for our daily survival. His magics and overwhelming availability to us was a godsend. But the years went on and we atrophied. Children couldn't learn disappointment, so they grew into criminals. Adults who were completely dependant and tied to unhealthy ideas of what it meant to rely on someone. And so the Magician grew stronger than we needed him to be. We were weak.

"And then he left, but it was not abandonment. He was on the path to being a deity to us but we thankfully retained enough humanity to see he was tired. So tired. He left, we grew stronger, and we realized that we didn't need him. Today, we banish him from our lives and reclaim our society!"

A burst of cheering erupted and the Magician began to cry. I smugly watched him from the back of the room. Later today, we would run him out of town the way they did to thieves and liars in the old days.

My perfect little brother - the Magician - was a fraud and a villain. No one was gladder than I to be the first to throw a stone at him as he fled the town he'd nearly ruined. 

It only took one second for the rock I threw to knock him out cold.