I make sure to appear especially sick and crippled as I stroll into the medical center to visit Dr. Green. As I fill out my information, I cannot help but think back to my initial diagnosis, when I was actually sick and crippled.

Dr. Green broke it to me easily, nurses respectfully standing at his side with their heads down. "Son, I hate to tell you this, but it appears you only have so much time left on this Earth." The doctor gave me six months. Then, a year. However, a years worth of time passed several months ago and whenever it became apparent that I wasn't dead, Dr. Green demanded that I come in for another check-up. 

I recall after he first diagnosed me, I could feel an odd wave of resurgence flow through my body. I felt like my old self again the second I stepped into my car. I spent no days suffering through unending days of meditation, pondering over if it was some act of God. I instantly knew that it was Dr. Green. I don't think he knows it, but he has an ability, and maybe it is a gift from God, but it doesn't matter. What does matter is that I get an extended death date. 

I sit on the medical bed, staring at the ceiling. I can feel weakness beginning to crawl into my veins. This has happened before, back when I was approaching six months. I preceded to schedule another appointment with the Doctor, and the same events occurred as the first time. It did nothing but reaffirm that my theory is correct. 

I'm brought out of my trance whenever I hear the door squeak. Dr. Green walked in with a smile on his face and and slightly wide eyes. There weren't many grey hairs left on his head, and similar to the act that I was portraying, he wobbled with each step. It's honestly pretty adorable. 

"You're a real specimen, you know that, son?" I smiled, "I guess so. I'm a real fighter, huh?"

We performed some of the basic test, measuring my body, X-raying my chest, etc. I was confident that since my death is actually approaching, Dr. Green would change the date to a further time. If it was anything like before, he would walk into the room with a glum look on his face. To my surprise, Dr. Green actually came in with a smile.

"Son, turn that frown upside down, 'cause I have amazing news!" You're all clear," Dr. Green exclaimed. No. This is not going to happen. "Wait, doc, you can't be serious. I can feel it, I'm weak and I know as a fact that I'll die, doc, you can't do this to me." 

The Doctor gave me a sensationalized look, "What are you talking about, son?" I stuttered a bit then said, "Dr. Green, I *need* you to expand my date. Do what you've been doing, for the love of God, surely, you have to know what I mean when I tell you this!" I was standing now and Dr. Green almost seemed frightened. I didn't even realize I had backed him into a corner, it didn't matter, though; This is a matter of life and death. 

"Come on, come on, just please, do this one thing for me. Just lie, if my body does appear healthy, that'll change." 

Now, it becomes clear to me that Dr. Green doesn't know about his ability. This is dreadfully bad for me. Dr. Green begins to slam his fist against the wall and scream, or at least as loud as someone his age can scream. 

I don't want him to feel threatened, so I get down on my knee and beg. "Doctor Green, you need to understand that I don't want to die. All you have to do is use your ability and heal me, for God's sake, I can feel it creeping up on me now." I plead with the Doctor and he just won't stop screaming, no matter what I do. 

The door swings open, and I look to see a burly security guard rushing at me. My knees collapse as I'm tackled into a wall, my vision beginning to fade away. The last thing that I see is a terrified, magical, evil doctor trembling as a nurse pats him on the back and says something that I can't hear while glaring at me with equal distaste as the guard. 

I don't know if I'll be alive if I awake. I could be in heaven or hell or maybe there won't be anything to wake up to. However, in my final moments, my mind is filled with one thought and one thought alone.

If I survive this, I'm going to find that satanist doctor, and I'm going to make him pay for killing me. 
___

Thanks for reading. I recently started a subreddit where I plan on posting more stuff I write, /r/BeexorWrites. It's a bit empty at the moment aside from an original short story, but head there if you want to see more. 