Ben shut his apartment door behind him, and locked it. Everything around him was still spinning. The masses, the shouting, the chanting. *Madness*, he thought, his heart still beating fast, with no indication of slowing down. 

*No, not madness… worship*. All he had done for the last decade, in vain. The meticulous planning, the constant time travelling, his very blood and sweat devoted to a single cause: *to erase the pest that had been religion, that ever present flea on humanity’s back, sucking, sucking away. And now* – he thought – *I’ve become that flea*. The one flaw he could never have foreseen – that they would come to worship him, the heretic-smiting, time-travelling deity – and it had all been undone. His family, his friends, everything he had given up in the name of his noble cause… *in vain. God dammit… well now there’s irony, if I’ve ever seen it*. A small, twisted chuckle left his throat. He could feel insanity quickly overpowering him. Instinctively, he reached for his gun, retrieved it, pressed the muzzle firmly against his temple and closed his eyes. 

Before he could pull the trigger, his eyelids lifted as of their own accord. *It will change nothing*. Realization had suddenly struck him: his death would but only relieve his own suffering. *I can’t be that selfish*, he thought. *I could’ve taken that outing years ago, but I didn’t. The must be a path… something I can do*. His thoughts sped, leaping from one crumbling idea to the next. Then, every muscle in his body tensed as his mind found steady footing. *I’ve got it*…

He stood on the Kronos Tower balcony, overseeing the thousands of faithful followers that had gathered at Time Plaza to await his inaugural speech. His arrival had been dubbed “*The First Landing of Ben*” by the Archbishops, and plans had already been set in motion to restart the calendars as soon as he addressed the crowd through the microphone. He held his gaze for a moment, absorbing it all. Then, he spoke. 

“My children!” His voice rang in every corner of an otherwise dead-silent city. “You are, truly, most fortunate! To live in this day and age, to witness what we are about to experience… It cannot be described but as a gift. As of today, nothing will even be the same. Together, we will shape the world, into a living utopia… as it was always meant to be!” Cheers erupted all around, thousands of blue and white flags weaving below. *We will, you will see… trust me*, he thought. 

As he looked around the balcony, a human shape materialized out of thin air before him. He barely had a moment to stare into his deep, dark, gray eyes. *I know those eyes*, was the only thought that came to mind. He smiled, as the bullet brought down darkness all around him. 
