I keep stealing glances at the bike as we go down the street; the sunlight glinting off the front rim, the handlebars, brake lines; it's a thing of beauty. I love my bike, even though to most it looks like a piece of junk. I think I love it because it's an underdog, like me. We both come from the streets. I like to make that joke because we were both homeless back in the early 2000s. I found it with a bent front rim and rusted up chain, abandoned behind a dumpster. It was rough around the edges, but certainly not a lost cause. I decided to keep busy by fixing it up with the meager resources I could come up with. I couch surfed between stints of sleeping at the park or at the shelter, and I borrowed tools and scavenged parts whenever I could.

Anyway, that was a long time ago, and I should pay attention to the road. People are always cutting me off, as if they won't be hurt if I ram into them. Look, buddy, I know I'm basically invisible in the city landscape, a symbol of all the underachievers who can't afford a car. Maybe you want me to run into you, I dunno. I can't understand why you'd want to put your life on the line like that. I can tell you that you'd be a lot worse off than me in that scenario. And if that happened right now, I'd probably be more worried about the bike getting messed up. I don't know why I care so much; it's not my bike.

Time to stop daydreaming. There are some kids behind me making all sorts of noise, and that's distracting enough. Just play on your damn cell phones like normal kids. Do some homework, geez. Probably best not to draw attention to yourself these days anyway. Out of sight, out of mind.

I see some people gathered on the side of the road and I pull over. There's a lady with a bike in the group, and she looks like a complete rookie. I can tell she doesn't really know what to do at this point, so after everyone else has piled on, I hop off to give her a hand. She looks relieved, and I'm genuinely happy to help. I secure her bike next to the other one on the front rack and hop back on my bus. She pays the fair, takes a seat near the front, and we set off down the road.