There was a moment of silence as I digested her words. For the first time in my life I didn't feel sheepish around a woman I was attracted to. A sadness welled behind her vibrant green eyes, one that her impeccable smile couldn't hide. It was a look I knew all too well. She was lonely.

"So, what's it like to know all of the punchlines?" I asked with a knowing wink.

She sighed deeply and said, "It's not very funny. Everyone gets to laugh at the joke except for me." Despite her morose tone I could tell something changed. There was a flicker of hope in her - the kind a person feels when someone understands.

We walked in silence for a bit before I took her hand. It was cold, to the point of being painful after a few seconds. She put her head on my shoulder. "I've been waiting for you," I said while mindfully stepping over the cracks in the pavement, "for an eternity. All these thousands of lifetimes. I'm so *tired*." Her grip tightened.

"I know. And that's what makes your joke the funniest... but the fact that you get it before it's done being told makes me so sad for you." There was a softness about her tone that cut through me. My eyes began to well while the back of my throat ached. We turned down a wooded path and continued to walk while the city faded into oblivion behind us.

We came to a small clearing. She sat cross-legged in the tall grass and beckoned me over. I lied down with my head in her lap and looked up at the crystal clear sky. "Is this... it? Can we finally be together?" I tried unsuccessfully to disguise my anxious tone as her icy fingers danced gingerly over my face and head. I felt a drop splash onto my forehead and tilted my view to see tears on her cheeks.

She looked down into my eyes and swam deeper into my soul than anyone ever has. "No." The word hurt us both, and we shared the sorrow of lovers fated to be forever apart. "We will *never* be - you know full well that yours is the **final** joke."

My mind cursed itself for creating this universe. For inflicting such deep and terrible punishment upon us both. In that moment I made a million wishes that I could take it all back and surrender myself to the belief of objective reality... but some knowledge simply cannot be unlearned. "Can you at least stay with me a bit longer?" I begged in a cracked and painful voice while my eyes flooded.

"I am *always* with you, my love. It's just so rare that you notice." She bent down and pressed her freezing lips to mine. I closed my eyes and stopped time, savoring every detail of her kiss and locking it into memory. It was a dream I never wanted to awaken from; the closest moment to perfection I would ever know.

Opening my eyes, I found myself alone in the grass - the summer sun quickly chasing her coldness from my body. I exhaled a cloud of fog into the air.