Jake didn't remember exactly where he found the laptop. Only that it had been in his possession for about 5 years. In that whole time Jake had never thought to turn it on after initially discovering that it worked and had folders full of information saved including wikipedia. He found it with a mini solar panel and had made the effort to keep it charged.  As he thought about this, he couldn't decide if he was scared to try it because it wouldn't work again. Or, rather he had genuinely forgotten about it in the day to day struggle of survival in the post war world. It really didn't matter he decided. It probably would have stayed there in the bottom of his pack, wrapped safely in layers of cloth and plastic had he not decided to pay a visit to a local town.   It was rumored that there was a settlement there and he may be able to find safe shelter there.  Jake didn't really believe it could be true but he had nothing else to do besides lay down and die so he set off to the west. It would take a couple of days depending on the weather and how many ferals he ran across. Ferals werewhat he called the people  who had went wild and showed no humanity anymore. Some of them were cannibals, some were even worse than that.  

The trip proved uneventful but the town proved the same.  There was no one there save an old man with a cart of junk. He called himself "The Traveler" when Jake asked his name.  Jake thought that was a bit weird but whatever. The traveler was old and scarred. He had seen his share of battles and wasn't long for this world.  After a cautious introduction and a shared cup of hot pine needle tea the trader was willing to show Jake his prize possesion. He pulled out a leather satchel from his cart and carefully unfurled it to reveal a stunningly ripe peach. Jake couldn't believe his eyes, nothing like that had existed for 17 years. Not since the war had he seen something like this. It had to be fake Jake thought, but the traveler pushed the fruit up close to his nose and let him inhale a long breath. It smelled sweet and good. It wasn't a familiar scent in the world now and Jake felt his stomach rumble at the smell. He knew it was pointless to ask how he got it but he knew that he had to have it. 

 The trader was very hesitant to trade for it but fruit only stays fresh so long, even in the cold. After a few tense moments of negotiation, which pained Jake incredibly, the two agreed to trade the laptop and solar panel for the peach. Jake took his peach and walked off into the woods.  He walked for an hour or so until he found the perfect spot looking over the valley and river below.  He wanted the moment to be perfect when he ate the world's last peach. He took a moment to smell it before taking a bite. He inhaled deep, savoring the smell of the peach.  He took a bite and closed his eyes as he couldn't believe the flavor. It was incredibly delicious, and Jake was hesistant to swallow. As soon finally gave in and swallowed the first bite he opened his eyes and opened them to somewhere greener than Jake had ever seen. There were birds in the sky and animals wandering in the fields. Jake couldn't believe his eyes. He sat for a long time, afraid to break the mirage.  Eventually Jake thought that maybe he had balanced the scales and  maybe given up the knowledge of good an evil in favor of mankinds innocence.  Maybe this was Eden. Maybe Jake had died eating that peach. Either way he was happy again and that was all that mattered.