Two puncture marks. 

I tied the bandage over his arm. 

"Jenkins, what went wrong here, is that you're just missing routine." I sighed. 

I could see him bristle at the words. His teeth were set and he was grabbing his right bicep. 

"Breathe, this part won't hurt," I said in my best relaxed voice

I looked him in the eyes and glanced at his hair.

It was shaggy. His He should have gotten it cut weeks ago. I was sure I was going to have to replace him.

Be patient, I reminded myself. Nobody is perfect and everyone deserves a second chance.

Then I took what looked like an epipen and jammed it into his chest.

He howled.

"Sorry, I lied. What do you think you did wrong?" I said.

"That fuc..."

I put my hand over his mouth. 

"When you walk into ward V, you give the kids their blood. First thing. Don't pull back their covers. Don't be late. Have the cup of blood, use the release, or you'll get bit."

I could see him begin to reply.

"Quiet. I know you're in pain and angry. But be quiet." I said with extra emphasis.

I put my finger right above the bite. "Look, man, this is simple. If this was ward W, you would have had this and a Rabies shot. Do you want a rabies shot? Three of them inside of 30 minutes."

He was flustered and said, "But, but that little son of a..."

"That little son of a bitch," I continued, "is eight years old. He's right now closer to an animal. And all he knows is that Mommy and Daddy don't love him anymore. Life may have been loads of fun, candy and television every day after school."

I could see him soften a bit.

"This is why we get paid more than an every day job. This kid.." I let the moment last a little longer. "This kid didn't ask for this. He didn't ask to become one of them. He's going to have to learn how to live life civilly. Or we're going to have to put him down."

Squeezing his bite, "Think this is bad? Imagine signing a death warrant on a kid. And it's simple. you can make the difference."

He was breathing normally. I wasn't going to have to put Jenkins down. There is no firing anyone here.

"If we can get this kid, Christ, I don't even know his name yet. If we can get him to control himself in the next 30 days, nobody has to die. And it starts with you, and a strict set of rules. Every morning the same routine. Especially now."

Really, it was my fault. I shouldn't have let Jenkins in the ward with this little bit of training. After losing half the staff last month, it was still the best choice.