The author sat at his table, his laptop placed in the center. Around it sat pictures of his characters, his main character sat front and center. He had evolved a lot since he had started writing. Going from being a boy to a man of 19, he felt a connection to him that felt more like he was the son he'd never met then someone he had made up. 

He started writing, continuing the story as normal, but after an hour or so he paused. One of his characters, someone he'd never really thought about was suddenly forcing their way into the story. He wasn't supposed to be out here in the wastes. He should have been back in the main characters hometown, going about his own life, but here he was, fighting for his place in the book. He stopped writing part way through a sentence, but the computer didn't stop writing. 

The author jumped back in a panic. There was no way this could have be happening. The computer wasn't connected to anything. He'd purposefully kept it offline just in case someone tried to get a copy of his unfinished works. It had never been connected to a network. No one else in the house could be doing this either. He glanced at the screen again and saw the writing had stopped. He read the last thing that had been written. 

'To the author of my story, I'm done being a side character who was left behind years ago. You scarred up my face so badly that even my family called me a monster and threw me out. Why would you write something like that? What did I do that was so bad that you had to ruin my life like that? I was your heroes best friend until I'd saved him from that dog, then he abandoned me just like everyone else. We were just boys, but he made new friends and I just, vanished. Me. I became a nobody, until he turned up again, then I was some deformed oddity on the street. You didn't even use my name. It's time to change that. The others may not know what's going on, but I do and I want to be someone. I want my story to be told. Please, don't make me continue to interfere with your story as it's not my place to.'

The author finished reading, his heart pounding in his chest. 

"Did I write that?" he asked out loud. 

Two words appeared on the screen, 'no.'

His heart pounded harder, there was no way this was happening. Carbon monoxide. That had to be it, but his house was entirely electric. Maybe he was too overworked? Going crazy from all the writing? His character couldn't really talk to him, could he? The author turned his computer off and left the room. 

Well he thought he turned it off. The computer restarted itself, which could have been explained by a Windows update, but it began to type again. His hero and side character were now both trying to control the story, the hero unwilling to give up any of the attention on himself; The side character, he didn't want to go back to being nothing. If the author ever came back to his story, he probably would be even more terrified then ever, and probably ashamed of how badly his hero was acting. It was probably time for him to share the limelight, to not always be the center of the universe. 
