I re-read the article several times until I finally feel in understanding the words, but nothing seems to make sense. And the more I read about it, the more unreal it feels, and the more my head hurts. The article was 50 years old, but the similarities were entirely uncanny to pictures of myself from that time. Except the picture showed me in handcuffs being hauled away as if I was the most dangerous criminal. I read the article again and the same name jumped out at me again and again. It was my name. I immediately went to the computer to look up the entry, but it didn't exist. For a moment, I assumed it was a joke, but I don't remember ever having that kind of a picture taken. I kept searching for more news clipping from that time period, but all I found were all about how CityMan saved the day. CityMan stopped a bank heist. CityMan saves local firefighters and residents from being trapped in a burning building. But any clipping I find after the one I found, it seemed this CityMan had downgraded to saving kittens from trees every other weekend. A few years after my clipping, he disappeared. I found it weird that I didn't remember any of those events, but that was around the time I met my husband. Or, late husband now. I tear up entertaining the idea that my Jack died of cancer peacefully.

I immediately remember the reason I was searching through the picture box was to find a nice photo of us for his grave stone. I dig further and further into the box, eventually turning it upside down when a secret bottom falls out along with a large manilla envelope. I open it to reveal a black and white picture of this CityMan and a young woman in a similar outfit. And in some weird way, it's almost as if I can see the outfit in my imagination, along with all the beautiful black and red outfit with a matching red skirt and black leggings. I can also remember the feel of the polyester as if it were under my clothes right now. And then I remember something had happened. Something bad. I couldn't figure out what, but I knew it was bad.

I shake the weird memories away and shove the picture back into the envelope. I realize my mission and decide on a few boxes from the closet. I dig entirely through the old junk going farther and farther back, hoping to find another picture box that Jack may have hidden. Then, in the very back, I notice a rather old and dusty trunk. I drag it out hoping to be able to find something. Jack wasn't exactly the most photogenic person, but even a good one would have satisfied me. I open the trunk and see the outfit that the young woman wore in the picture, along with the very same one that the man wore, dressed like CityMan. I checked the tag, which said Jack. And also the typical black and white prison outfit which I saw from my newspaper clipping. I pick up the outfit and a folder falls open. A folder with my name on it from a mental hospital a few towns over. And the last thing inside it was a treatment sheet for electroshock therapy signed by the same family doctor I brought my kids to ever since their first shots. I picked up the folder and another sheet fell. It was a resignation contract from the mayor's office from the superhero CityMan, signed by Jack Willis, my husband Jack.

(I would have written a better short story,  but its late and I'm too tired to think)