It was one of those days that made Silvia want to stay in bed and forget anything else existed. She'd been having a lot of those recently. Beside her bed, an ornate fountain gurgled cheerfully. She'd taken it from the garden of some rich family three days ago, and it was starting to look like Agnes wasn't even going to come by and take it back. Any other villain might have been relieved at the thought, but it hurt Silvia more than anything.

She was just drifting off to sleep when she heard the sharp chime of the entrapment rune she had set on her door. With a groan, she dragged out of bed and into the other room, only to find Agnes of the Silver Moon on the floor, paralyzed.

"Silvia," she grunted, "I see you've learned a new trick."

"What do you mean? That's always been... Oh my god, that thing worked? Oh. My. God. IT WORKED!" Silvia laughed in an almost hysteric fashion, still struggling to accept the facts of the situation. To be fair, it was the first time something like this had happened to her. In fact, no one had ever managed to capture Agnes like this.

"Now, I finally have you right where I want you! Now, I can..." And then Silvia realized she didn't have any way to imprison Agnes for any amount of time "I can..." And then Silvia realized that Agnes could simply blow her away with a single arcane word, while she herself had never managed to learn any actually dangerous spells. "I can..." And then Silvia remembered that her henchmen had abandoned her a week ago when she had run out of money. "I can..." Finally Silvia realized that there was a very real chance that a stronger dark magic user wouldn't even believe her if she asked for help. And then she started to cry.

When Silvia got the tears out of her eyes, Agnes had already teleported the fountain back to its rightful place and was standing over her awkwardly, not quite sure how to handle the situation. "Um, are you okay?" "No..." They were both silent for another minute. "So, why'd you take that fountain anyway? I don't think it's worth very much." "Because..." Silvia looked up at Agnes's beautiful brown eyes and stunning complexion, and the truth died in her mouth. "R-Reasons."

"Okay, well whatever that means, you don't seem very happy. If you ever wanted to stop stealing things, I could help you start over. I have to go right now though. Someone's been running around with the Heart of the Abyss and I gotta go get it back." For a moment, Silvia was stunned out of her misery. "Wait, the Heart of the Abyss? Do you know what that thing does to people? They could've destroyed three cities in the time we were talking! Why the hell would you stop just to get a stupid fountain back?" "Oh you know, reasons." With a flash of light, Agnes was gone, leaving Silvia extremely confused. "What do you mean 'reasons?'"