I had no idea what to think, except that it must have been a dream. Here I was looking at a cloaked figure, floating at my door in a cloud of black ash, knowing only that its name was death. As it reach a hand towards me I felt the urge to step back but my body wouldn't move. It was like death had some force or power over me, I was merely its pawn. I was not expecting my ascension gift to be from death, I had assumed that someone of my nature and stature would have no need for any weapons at all. 

The scythe that death carried formed instantly as it was called forth. Luciana, I believe the spirit had said. Dark metal traced with blue sheen, a steal gleam to the blade and an engraving a deep shade of red carved in some language I could not recognize. Death held their hand downward, palm above my own; when my hand had moved to its palm up position I may never remember. I only remember the scythe as I balanced it in my grip. The cold it resonated, the length and shape of the blade changing to one more grand than it had been previously, the pulse and throb as I felt it call out to me. "Freyja" My reverie snapped out only by the beautiful woman cloaked in white before me. 

"To be death is to give up everything when the time comes, to give all of yourself, to give your name. As I once was, I now pass unto you. May your scythe protect you and those you guide to the afterlife. When you need it, call it forth and with your blood mark it as your own." She pointed to the area where the red engraving had previously been. "Let no one take your blade from you, for it will accept no other." She smiled dissolving into ash once her final point had been made. 

I had not known how long I was standing in the doorway of my home, only that the cold had long since nipped at my nose and my eyes had trickled with hot tears. I felt sorrow over the death that had just left me, the girl who's name I had never known.  As I looked down at my hands I could not imagine what kind of a future I would have. Knowing someday I would have to embrace what I would become.






*Obligatory on mobile, sorry for any formatting issues. Kept it kind of short, hope whom ever reads it likes it. Edit: forgot how to spell check.