The last of the wooden planks was hammered into place as the farmer dabbed at his brow with the rags hanging from his neck. It was hardly what one could call a temple. The farmer had fashioned the crude wooden shrine himself, carving and hammering the planks and poles with as much care as he could muster. Still, it looked unimpressive. The edges jutted out awkwardly, the pillars were uneven, and it had no fanciful decorations that one might expect at a proper shrine or temple. No garland of flowers hung from the flat roof of the shrine, no incense smoke trailed into the sky, and no prayers or prophecies were chanted. Most conspicuously, the spot where the idol of the god would sit- in the centre of the shrine- was empty. If this was a temple, it provided no clue as to which god it was meant for. 

And yet the farmer was content, eager even. He had left the shrine unfurnished on purpose. Each temple or shrine was a home for a god, a resting place for the otherworldly, powerful beings that governed the laws of nature and weaved human fates with their fingertips. It was said that those who built these sanctuaries would receive a blessing from whichever god decided to take up residence there. Now, the farmer simply hoped that there would be a deity willing to possess the modest temple that he’d created. As he ambled off to sleep, he prayed for a suitable god or goddess- Demeter, maybe- to bless him, with bountiful harvests for the rest of his days. 

The next day, he gingerly placed a bowl of rice in front of the shrine and knelt down. Unsure of what else to do, he mumbled “Gods or goddesses that be, please accept this humble sacrifice,” and waited. A moment passed. He chuckled to himself. Of course, no god would be willing to resign themselves to such a shabby place of worship. He’d long been prepared for that outcome. He began to rise to his feet. 

Then he heard it. He had to strain to make it out, but it sounded like someone was speaking to him. A faint voice, coming from the rickety wooden altar that he’d fashioned. The voice was quiet, and sounded almost weak. “Child,” it said, “Thank you for the offering. I’m afraid I can’t do much for you now, but come back tomorrow. Perhaps then, I might be able to reward you.” 

The farmer’s eyes opened wide, as the burly, middle-aged man almost fell over from surprise. He’d never spoken to a god before. And yet, it was different from what he’d expected. Weren’t the gods meant to be mighty? Powerful? Then what was this tinny voice coming from the shrine? He pushed the invasive thoughts out of his mind. A god was a god, and it was best not to think disrespectful thoughts in front of them. He bowed deeply, and vowed to bring a better offering the next morning. 

This time, there was a bowl of rice, accompanied by a dish of meat and a glass of wine. “Gods or goddesses that be,” he repeated, “Please accept this humble sacrifice.” 

The voice that echoed out from the shrine was clearer than the day before, and the farmer could now ascertain that it sounded female. A goddess? “Thank you, child. It has been a long, long time since I have received an offering, and I was forced into hibernation until you sacrificed to me. I can’t seem to remember who I am; but I remember another goddess who once asked me a favour. Her name was… Demeter? I am sorry child, if you don’t mind coming back tomorrow, perhaps I will have regained enough strength to remember by identity.” 

Excitement thrilled through the farmer’s veins. A goddess related to Demeter? Perhaps his simple wish really would come true, and he’d see bountiful harvests for the rest of his days. He quelled his exhilaration, and waited patiently for the next morning. 

As usual, he left the sacrifice in front of the altar, and knelt down. The voice manifested once again, this time even clearer than before. “Child, I have remembered,” she spoke. It was good news. *“Yet she does not sound happy,”* the farmer thought to himself silently. The goddess’s voice was quavering slightly. Rage? No, nothing like that. The goddess sounded melancholic, almost, as if she had recalled something she would much rather have forgotten. 

“My name is Limos,” she said. “Child, thank you for the offerings. But I must go now.” 

“Why?” the farmer cried, “Oh but goddess, you’ve barely arrived! Stay a while, at least, and won’t you let my crops grow well? I won’t ask for a lifetime of bountiful harvest, but would you at least help me this season?” 

Though he could not see her, the farmer felt the goddess shake her head, almost imperceptibly. And then, she was gone. 

Even when he brought the offerings the next morning, and the days after that, Limos never returned. 

*****

Limos faded away from the shrine, cutting away her attachment from the temple that the man had built. She shut her eyes, and prepared to sleep again. This time, she didn’t know when she would wake up. The faintest tear trickled down her face before dissipating into a hazy light. She had been so happy when a mortal had called her, worshiped her, given her offerings. It had been so long, after all. But then she’d remembered who she was, *what* she was. 

Limos, goddess of starvation and pestilence. Looking at the pure-hearted, simple farmer who brought her offerings every morning, she knew that she could not stay. That was her fate: she would only ever bring disaster to those who called her. She would be spurned, hated, cursed, and ultimately- forgotten. 

As her consciousness faded away, she saw the faint image of a man kneeling in front of a clumsy, wooden shrine, food and wine in his outstretched hands. 

*****

*I write a story a day [here](http://yearofpilgrimage.wordpress.com)*

*more stories at /r/chasing_mist*








  
