It's been three years since I met him, It's been two years since he won, killing Legend, the very first and arguably most powerful of them had led to the 'good' side getting desperate and making mistakes, and I'd done it, because it was for the greater good, I thought, now looking at his work I can't say for sure.

Marquis had always been a particular villain, Elegant, swift with words, with charisma to spare, his neatly done golden hair, strong chin and body type helped matters a lot as well, it wasn't an exageration to say that most every girl on earth would love to have a day and a night with him, I admit I was... am one of them and one of the few that has had the pleasure of having multiple of those. 

But most didn't see him for what he really was, a real monster, for a guy that litteraly ruled the world he was really wary of keeping a good PR he never let loose in public unless it was against one of the villains or a criminal, he always smiled and waved at the camera and I had to admit his retreat never got old, teleportation had a way of never getting stale as far as 'wooing' the public went. 

I really love Marquis, I even went as far as to inject that needle into someone that had once saved my life, but Legend saved me as part of a mob, and Marquis gave me direction, I feel he saved me in a different way, but I hate what he's doing here, and today is the day I finally push that butto...

"Ahhh, good morning my Lisa, did you sleep well?" A clear, booming voice came from behind me, Interrupting my thoughts, he always had a way of being right on time. I'd always imagined he had an augmented voice as part of his powers, there's no way a human could sound so authoritative, calm and soothing at the same time, his voice carried well and when he spoke everyone listened. 

"Good morning love." I beamed him a smile.
He gave me a smile and what had to be a condescending look, I hate... I love that look I have to be honest here, I know I'm messed up and thats why today I will do what's right.

"Looking after the Fallen?" He asked. "You know, I really like that look you have when you look at them." And he gave me a real smile this time, one that was expressed not only with his mouth but with eyes, cheeks and ears. My heart skipped, for various reasons. 

"I- I was looking at them," Fuck, I had gone and shown even more weakness. 

"Ahh, so what do you like about them?" His smile didn't falter.

"Nothing much, they're just interesting to look at, like an ant colony." 

"I don't find looking at ants exiting at all, they're humans and that's what makes this interesting." 

"Just look at that." He pointed at a pair, a man and a woman. "They're going at it like dogs on the street, and look at that woman over there she's old generation, that look shes giving them, I love it, she wants to admonish them but shes holding it in because my law is that everything is permited, and she won't go against my law." 

As I continued to look I flinched as a bullet pierced through the man's head and the woman's pelvis, I waited for the next one to come... no second bullet, seems like Dan was getting more rutheless, letting the woman die a slow death, at least they were free for a bit, maybe their display even let Marquis keep them that way.

"I don't understand why they don't just end it all, why do they live the day by day just doing nothing but being. They can kill themselves in a way that even you can't fix, they have shotguns and explosives and Sil- Dan can make some nasty guns and bombs." I said.

"Not the first time you've asked but I quite like the answer." I don't remember asking. "So I'll remind you, its hope that keeps them alive hope that someone will kill me and come save them, hope that I will die of old age or even the hope that some extraterrestrial force comes and wipes me out and somehow takes pity on them." He looked like he was having fun at the thought.
"That reminds me I have to remind them that Dan doesn't get a say as to when someone gets to leave or not." And then he was inside the dome. "Im so sorry" I apologized to the couple for reminding him. 

He walked to the side of the dead man and the agonizing woman, touched them both, and their wounds started healing up, the man regained conciousness and the woman stopped bleeding. He wasn't done when a spike of bone protuded from the ground, blocking an incoming bullet; Silver Bullet was a hero tinker that could make all sorts of guns from practically nothing, Marquis had gotten his hands on him, adjusted some things in his head and made him the "hero" of this city, now Marquis was under fire from all sorts of guns, not a problem for him, as fast as he had gone he had returned, sending the man with renewed life to another city, just in case they loved eachother, that was the kind of man he was. 
He had made his own little world here in Antarctica, his own atmosphere, his own days and nights, all artificial and mechanical and with lots of money of course, he wasn't God. 
But he had five large sized cities, all inhabited by ex convicts and people that broke the law, murderers, rapists, robbers, even people that commited minor crimes came here, all modified slightly by Marquis to be just a little more complacent. They were the ones I was ok with monitoring when we began this project, but when they started reproducing and he wouldn't release the babies because "it would be cruel to separate them from their parents." Then I started having my doubts, Im the head of this project and I have the power to end it with the press of a button, a toxic gas that would slowly flood the domes and give every person inside a rush of extasy and adrenaline, and would eventually have them have a slow but pleasurable death. 

"Ahh, that was refreshing, powers are like extensions of your body, you need to exercise them or they get crippled." He said, as he flexed his muscles.

"I wouldn't know." 

"Of course not, and you never will, but when I decide to have a child you might at least learn what it is to deal with them in a more personal level." Damn it,  he was making me so happy uttering those words, did he know that I planned to rid him of his most sadistic pleasure today? Was he manipulating me?
The people on the outside were all happy, they all had the role that made them happy and they all fulfiled it with bliss, I had to admit Marquis had made the world a better place, everyone was healthy from birth because he made sure to strenghten the body, everyone was sterile unless they wanted to have a baby, then they called a secretary and Marquis would show up and give them a 100% conception rate, everyone was allowed a baby but only one, so as to not over populate, the crime rate was nearly 0% and only some unhinged people really commited some strange crimes like the ones today, public indecency, they were the new generation.
But even so I had to end this.

"I really like that idea, when you decide to have a child it would be my pleasure to be the one to bear him."
"Great. Then its settled, tonight we will make a baby, I would be honored to let you name him, so think of good names, and my own name is off the table so don't try to flatter me like that it would only make me angry."
He smiled at me, again that full smile, I knew it was calculated but it made me happy, so so terribly happy.

"Now, I have to go check out how the world is doing, I just came here to see how you were doing and to tell you the news, I will see you tonight." And with that he kissed me, and dissapeared.

I was left alone in an empty room full of huge high quality monitors, a chair and a big red button. 

I know it would make him mad, and I really do want a baby, specially his. But I can't allow these people to suffer anymore, even if I press this button he promised me that he would not stop the process and he has even gotten hurt in some fights keeping his promises, his two rules.
1- Never break a promise.
2.- Never hurt an innocent.

I walked towards the button and lifted the glass that contained it, I lifted my hand... and felt a pang of pain in my hand,  and then my chest.

"Ahh, not again Lisa, why must you always be so difficult." I got turned around by the bone spike that had just penetrated my chest, losing conciousness, I could see Marquis with a smile I had never seen on him, an ugly smile, a smile that even made his face look gruesome.

"You were just about to murder those people, I'm sorry, I had to stop you." I was glaring at him but I was also sad and happy and relieved and frustrated, tears mingling with the blood that sproted from my mouth, I couldn't say anything except make some gurgled sounds.

"Ahh, that face is what always gets me you know, thats why you make me so happy, the realization, the sadness, all the motio-" I couldn't hear him anymore I'm sure he kept going well after I expired.

-----------------------------------------------------

It's been three years since I met him, It's been two years since he won, killing Legend, the very first and arguably most powerful of them had led to the 'good' side getting desperate and making mistakes, and I'd done it, because it was for the greater good, I thought, now looking at his work I can't say for sure.
