I blinked. How did he..? Jackson flashed a small symbol on his wrist before walking away. A symbol I recognized. A symbol I hadn’t thought much of until then.

After school, I ran into the attic of my house and approached the small box hidden in the deepest corner. I had found it one day when I was ten years old, messing around in the attic. My parents were archaeologists and treasure hunters, so they had all kinds of cool and weird stuff packed away. Although covered in dust, the symbol on the box was clearly the same as the one on Jackson’s wrist. I reached toward the box, my fingers brushing against it.

And everything went black.

Images flashed through my mind at the speed of light, giving me the worst headache I’d ever experienced. Memories that couldn’t have possibly been mine. Whispers. A loud bang. ”Where is the weapon?!” Crashing. Shouting. A frantic woman. “Go, M’ahd Esahn. We love you.” More shouting. A scream. Black.

My eyes shot open. It was dark outside. The box clicked. I turned my eyes to it and the box began shifting, turning, sliding. It was like a clockwork mechanism, finally settling into the shape of a silver bracelet. I picked the bracelet up. A strange golden fluid filled a small, circular, and faceted cavity on the band, mimicking a gem. There was a clasp to put the bracelet on, but there didn’t seem to be a release mechanism to take it off if you closed it. I threw it into my bag and walked back downstairs, hearing my name called for dinner.

“Hey sweetie,” my mom smiled from behind the kitchen counter, “mind setting the table?” I nodded and got to work quickly, shaking slightly, unnerved by what I learned. I heard my name called loudly and shook my head, looking at my mother. “Allia? Are you okay? I asked you a question, twice.” she had a concerned expression. I looked at her and faked a smile, “Yeah, I was just going over some things in my head. You know how I space out sometimes.” It seemed a good enough answer for her, and we both laughed. “How was your school day?” she asked, walking back behind the counter to check on some pots she had on the stove. “It was fine, best class of the day was Ancient and Medieval History, like usual.” I responded, purposefully forgetting to mention Jackson’s little display. She nodded and smiled, and I finished setting the table. My dad walked through the door just as my mom set our plates down. “Hello dear, hey sweetheart.” My dad ruffled my short hair as he passed me and kissed my mom’s cheek. We all sat and ate, having a conversation about our individual days, artifacts my dad had been called to check out, and my mom’s current museum exhibit. After dinner, I finally summoned the courage to ask my parents what that strange symbol was. “Hey, mom, dad.. is this symbol a hieroglyph?” They both walked over as I roughly drew it. A flash of recognition graced their faces and out of the corner of my eye I saw my mother quickly glance up at the attic stairs before quickly looking back at me. My father cleared his throat. “Ah, where’d you, um, see this, Allia?” he asked calmly. “Someone at school asked me about it. Jackson Vincent.” My parents nodded. “Well, it’s not Egyptian. It doesn’t look like anything we’ve seen.” My mother answered. I nodded and we all headed off to bed after a few minutes, saying our good nights. I heard them whispering about the symbol and whether they should tell me. Then, I drifted to sleep.

At breakfast, my mother looked serious. My dad was reading a newspaper, his face hidden. I walked into the kitchen and sat down, my mother placing a plate of food in front of me and sitting as well. I began to eat, but noticed my mom staring at me. “What’s up, mom..?” I asked slowly. “We.. have to tell you something, sugar.” She sounded solemn. My dad sighed, lowered the paper, and nodded.

[Amazon Rainforest/Brazil/1999]
A newlywed couple, Drs. Mark and Rosalind Mason, Ph.Ds in archaeology, are exploring an ancient temple within the Amazon Rainforest of South America. Hoping to recover artifacts and treasure to gain fame early in their archaeological careers, they instead find a large capsule, whose shape reminded the two Americans of the cockpits of the new F-22 fighter jets. In it, they saw an infant. A girl. Rosalind approached the capsule first, followed by Mark. As the couple touched the craft, they both felt a startling pinprick, and saw a small amount of their blood travel through piping to a small mechanical unit connected to the baby. The machine looked as if it was synthesizing blood for the child. With a pneumatic hiss, the capsule opened and the baby began to cry. Compassionate people, the couple decided to raise the child as their own. Rosalind scooped the child into her arms, Mark grabbed a small box that was in the capsule, and the Masons left South America with their new daughter, Allia Anne Mason.

[Phoenix, Arizona/United States/2018]
As my parents finished the story, I stayed silent. It was a sudden revelation that shocked me to the core. Allia Anne. Alien. “Allia, honey, are you okay?” The woman whose DNA awakened me, Rosalind Mason, looked at me with genuine concern. My mother. My true mother, as far as I’m concerned. She raised me. Protected me. My birth mother sent me away. Created me to be a weapon. And only had a change of heart once the damage had been done. “I’m great.” I nodded. “I couldn’t have asked for better parents. For better people to find me.” My parents smiled. “You have no idea how happy and relieved we are to hear that, sweetheart.” My father, Mark Mason, beamed. “You’d better get to school, though. Bus is almost here.” I nodded and finished my breakfast, running out just in time for the bus.

It was the end of the school day, and Jackson approached me, along with a girl from the cheer squad, Melody Polk. They bowed to me, and spoke a respectful greeting in my.. well, I guess not-so-imaginary language. “Captain.” I blinked, and spoke the same language, the words like second nature. “What?” The two looked up at me, saluted, then stood at attention. “You are our superior. We must address you as such.” Jackson spoke up. “No, I’m not. Look, guys, I’m not like you two. I’m not who you want me to be. I’m a regular, human girl. My place is here on Earth.” I began to walk away, but Jackson and Melody gripped my arms. “I’m sorry, Captain M’ahd Esahn, but J’akx Zsonn and I must bring you back to Eris Prime to command the Erisan armies in conquest.” Jackson, or J’akx Zsonn, chipped in. “M’loh Dheei is right, Captain. Come peacefully, please.” I stopped struggling, and we began walking to the school’s exit. After a short while, I slammed the back of my head into Jackson’s face and thrust my elbow into Melody’s stomach. While they both cringed in pain, I made a run for it, looking back. A gold liquid dripped from Jackson’s nose, and his eyes looked murderous. Then I remembered. The bracelet had a gold liquid inside of it..

Jackson and Melody rounded the corner, wisps of yellow energy swirling around them. I held the bracelet in my hand and slipped it onto my wrist. “Not another step.” I tried speaking in the most intimidating voice I could muster. Jackson just laughed and charged.

Click.

The bracelet fit me perfectly and after a pinprick, I suddenly felt strength surge into my body. The gold liquid was injected into my bloodstream, and caused a reaction that instantly transformed my red blood into the golden liquid. Blue energy surrounded my body in a similar fashion to Jackson and Melody’s yellow. I felt faster. My senses were sharpened to a razor edge. I looked at Jackson and predicted every possible next move he could make, and which he was most likely to make. I stepped to the side and drove my knee up, just as Jackson threw a punch aimed for the center of my torso. My knee caught him in the stomach and the impact sent a shockwave through his body, causing him to cough up some of his gold “blood”. He fell to the ground and I knocked him out with a punch. Melody was faster, and kicked me into the lockers, the impact of my back and the metal echoing throughout the empty school. I shook my head and shrugged away the already subsiding pain. “Nice try, but you forgot I was built to be a weapon. Made to be the strongest.” I whispered. Melody’s eyes widened in disbelief. She was fast. I was faster. I took a cue from her, and in an instant, I was right before her. I kicked her into the lockers and she punched through them, knocking the wall behind down, and flying into multiple desks in a classroom. I stepped into the classroom and kneeled next to Melody, who was barely conscious. “You’re both still alive. Try something like that again, and you won’t be so lucky.” I whispered to her, and knocked her out. I looked at the destruction. I raised my hand and blue energy surrounded the debris, rebuilding the wall, fixing the dents in the lockers, putting the desks back into place, and fixing the cracks in the floor. My eyes lost their blue glow, returning to my normal golden-hazel, and I made my way back home.

My name is Allia Anne Mason, but the Erisan military would know me as Captain M’ahd Esahn. I have a warning for any Erisan that would come to capture me or harm Earth: stay away. I was created to be the strongest soldier the Erisan Empire has ever seen, the way I was created destroyed with the geneticists who achieved it. And I will not hesitate to turn my powers against any and all who threaten my home.