“Impossible” I audibly mutter to myself. I had lived for many millennia, I had brought emperors and the peasants they suppressed to the other side. I had walked through battlefields and collected the soles of those who wanted no part in the conflict. I had ripped children away from families. All part of the job. But this... This was affecting me. On my scroll, the same ancient scroll that I must follow without question, his name appeared again. This time I would press him. And then I was there.

“Damn you, Michael” I mutter. I size him up for the fourth time. He is uninteresting. Plain clothes, short hair, no scars. He never seemed bothered my his passing. Just... content, “How do you play with the powers that be this way?”

  “What are you talking about, Grim?” He jovially replies, unfazed at my skeletal appearance or his supposed death. I grit my teeth, “It was just my time, I guess!” He laughes.

  I take in my surroundings. I seem to be in his bedroom. Again. It was always in his bedroom. Behind his soul stands between a form in his bed, that I assume to be him, and I. 

  “You make a mockery of the cycle” I hiss at him.

  “Only thing I’m mocking is your fashion sense, Grim” Michael retorts. I sigh.

  “The last person I had to take multiple times like this was the offspring of the entity that gives me my orders,” I state, “And you hardly seem as important.”

  “Maybe there’s more to me than it seems” He chuckles. He was infuriating, but he had charisma, I have to give him that I suppose. With a groan, I raise my scythe and bring it down behind me, opening up the path to the next world. Where a soul is supposed to stay. Supposed to. I stand aside for him to go first and he seemingly gladly obliges. I follow him through, and the doorway closes behind us. And so the journey begins.

  The path is neither joyous, nor terrifying, nor depressing. At least, from how the souls have described it. The path appears to be at nightfall. A faint light glows from just beyond the horizon, but stars dot the sky above. Flowers of all different colors dot the thick grass at either side of a dirt rode, a wall of reeds about two meters on either side obscures ones vision of anything other than the road. Birds chirp and sing from beyond the reeds. The path we take now is the same that all take. Caesar liked the smoothness of the road, appreciating infrastructure. Ghandi had enjoyed the variety of flowers. And many note that the stars in the sky are clearer from here than anywhere on Earth. I have never cared to check. My place is here.

  “Has anyone ever tried to run through those reeds?” Michael pondered

“Yes” I reply

  “Did they escape?”

  “No”

  “The what happened to them?” I flash him a look. I do not have eyes, but the eternal flame that burns inside me tends to suffice. He seems unaffected.

  “Beyond the reeds is purgatory” I growl, “If one choses the reeds, that is all they will find. For eternity.” 

  Michael reaches a hand up to his chin, contemplating something. I notice a symbol tattooed onto the back of his hand. Oddly intricate. Ancient. And then he was running. Straight into the reeds. Spur of the moment, I cast my scythe forth, a spinning blade that travels in front of him and cut down the reeds Michael is about to enter, thankfully stopping him in his tracks, and returns to my hands. The reeds rapidly begin to grow and repair.

  “You fool” my voice booms through the field, “What did I just tell you?” Michael just laughs

  “See I knew we were friends,” He laughs heartily, “Man, this is getting more fun every time we do this!” 

  And then he was gone. If I could blink, I would have missed it. I am furious, but more than anything curious. I have been doing this since the dawn of time, but for the first time.

  It was kind of fun.