Life was a beautiful cycle.

It is said that the phoenix can rise from the ashes of itself, reborn into life and renewed in spirit. Humanity possesses the same gifts, but they do not know of it. Their lives are judged while they live and scored when they cease, until the soul that remains of a life receives a number from the Judges. This number is their new worth. No matter how rich or poor they were in life, they were revalued by the power of their humanity, how they lived when they had the chance. And then, they use these points to be reborn, whether that be an afterlife, or giving them away, being reborn, and trying for more. 

A man by the name of Craig Williams died today. He chose to donate and be reborn. He had lived a life that many others would like to live. He taught high school language arts and had a beautiful daughter and a smart, sensible wife. He was not poor but not rich, and he was easy-going and kind when he spoke. The Judges have no roof to the score they can give. Craig received a high score, and, being the kind soul he was, he poured all of his karma, as the number was called, into a child by the name of Abigail Taylor. Then, Craig Williams changed, and was reborn, coincidentally, into the body of a girl named Abigail Taylor.

Abigail was a bright little girl. She was always looking for adventure. She would be young for her grade, her June birthday saw to that. As she grew, however, it because obvious that her age would not matter. She grew tall and lean, her pale skin working in harmony with her pale blue eyes and long blonde hair to make any other girl jealous and every single boy desperate. She was consistently at the top of her class. Years went by. Twitter was eventually bought out by Facebook, stocks rose and fell, trends came and went. The world became cleaner and more efficient. A trip to Mars had been planned for a very near future. And they needed bright people to help with their endeavors.

Abby was still growing. She was only 16, but her textbooks were full of notes about corrected information. Her teachers had to fight to teach her every year. Her friends had to fight to hang out with her. Her male friends had to fight for a chance with her. She studied Monday through Thursday and partied Friday through Saturday, went to church on Sundays and fell in love with her life. She slipped into drugs and enjoyed herself doing it. Girls wanted to be her, and boys wanted to be in her. It was as simple as that.

She graduated as the valedictorian. She was still growing. Abigail went to her dream college and kept studying. She wanted to stay in school for as long as possible. But her dreams changed. She was picked up by NASA for her accolades. She rose quickly, until she was almost heading NASA. It was under her watchful eyes and protective embrace that humanity was able to watch Caleb Werner place his boot on Martian soil. Abigail Taylor was a name known by almost the entire world. The woman who headed NASA during humanity's largest achievement to date. The philanthropist who took a normal base salary and donated the rest to whatever cause needed it the most. Her efforts helped with the worldwide Africa Campaign substantially, pushing the 13 year old organization closer and closer to their goal of making all of Africa first-world. Abigail traveled the world, gave speeches, empowered people and brought them together. She was just a woman, but she was a great one at that. She was a Melinda Gates, a Susan Buffett of her time. 

But, as humanity does, they moved on. Abby became old and feeble, and people stopped remembering her as a person and started writing her into history books as a figure of importance. She never married, and she never had a child. And, one day, Abby's heart stopped, and then she stopped, and Abigail Taylor's life ended. 

And the soul was back. It was one Craig Williams, and it was once Abigail Taylor. They had together accumulated enough karma to become one of the richest people in an eternal afterlife. And so, the soul, after two lives of different magnitudes but similar impact, began a new life in paradise. All around it, others went on, reaping the benefits of their karma or yearning for more. No matter the background or the experiences the souls had, though, they all knew one thing. 

Life is a beautiful cycle.