I spent my life to destroy the Empire. I dreamt about it every night and worshipped the thought like a god. I did it not for fame, fortune, or power. I did it simply for revenge. The Emperor Florentine and his disgusting nobility led an incursion into my lands because it would make an important choke point against the tribes in the North and the Twin Kingdoms to the East. They took everything from me when I was just a child. I thought the gods gave me the purpose to destroy the Southern Menace but it was all taken away from me. It was taken in a single day by a god who fell from the sky.

Everything that I planned for decades was coming together. I started the rebellions with the slaves and farmers. I gave troop movement and placement to the city-states of the west. I allowed for a network of spies from the Twin Kingdoms to gather information from the most sensitive areas of the Empire’s assets. I tortured and assassinated generals, relatives, and other nobility close to the Emperor. I enjoyed it all because it was slowly taking the Empire’s breath away; however, the most enjoyable part was that Florentine, the Champion of Cowards, trusted me with his life and made me the Grand Advisor.
 
The Grand Advisor title was second-in-command of the Empire and came with many duties-most unsavory. I oversaw the spy network for the Empire, which meant I had to deal with many foreign spies. Many of these men were my friends, some I even grew up with when I started my training across this dreadful land. I could not let any go because of the possibility it would cause suspicion of my allegiance. I tortured them and later I had some killed that did not break, they were the lucky ones. The worse encounter I had was when I had to kill my oldest friend. The Emperor ordered me to do it myself in the middle of his birthday party. He thought it would make a fabulous show for his guests and to deter any conspirators against him. He gave me a hammer. It was a sacrifice that needed to be made and another reason to kill this monster.

Florentine earned his title the Monster of the South. He ordered his men to kill all resistors including women and children. I have seen him kill all the children from a village he did not particularly like in front of the parents. He did not limit himself to the murder of people. He ordered his men to ravish the lands and make it so that nothing could live there, man or beast. He loved watching whole forests burn. Murder and destruction were not his only past times. The Monster loved to get drunk and beat his children, wife, and whores. After getting warmed up he would torture any prisoners. I would say that the Empire’s torturers had little to do when the Emperor came to town. Each time I saw him bolster his title I made room for more hate.

This life quest started when I was a boy. My father took me out on my first hunt. We were tracking deer in the valley next to our village, or at least my father was doing the tracking. I was taking in the moment and trying not to disappoint my father. After what seemed an eternity we were within range of the deer. My father told me that I was to take the shot. My stomach felt like it had butterflies in it when he told me. I readied my bow and took my time lining up the shot; longer than I should of because I saw my father look at me and back to the deer several times out of the corner of my eye. The moment I loosed the arrow I heard a sound that has haunted me. A scream. A scream of pain and horror that twisted my stomach and killed all the butterflies. I thought the scream was next to us but saw no one other than my father and remembered that if you were atop the valley and yelled it echoed it made it seem that they were in the basin. My father gave me a chilling look and told me we had to go back now. I looked back and saw that I hit the deer right in the chest. I asked my father about the deer and he ignored me.
 
The image has been seared into my mind. Every night I sleep it is the first dream I encounter. My village’s buildings were all made of dark brown wood, made from the trees nearby; however, when I saw it from the edge of the forest the buildings were covered in blood. The mead hall was on fire and there were screams from inside the building. My mother and sisters were burned alive that day, along with the rest of the village’s women and children. There were men with black and crimson armor with long swords and pikes. When we came to see the traumatic events, they had already slaughtered the men. Limbs were scattered across the ground the soldiers were placing heads on pikes around the perimeter of the village. My father told me to stay within the forest so he could get my mother and sisters. I objected, wanting to help because everyone I cared for was being killed. My father told me he loved me and ran to the village-I froze. All I could do was watch. My father killed three men and did not even make it to the front door of the mead all before being struck down by a soldier. The first time I saw Florentine was here. He saw my father was still alive and ordered his men to strap his limbs to four horses. My father was torn apart in front of my eyes, while Florentine was sitting down in a chair sipping wine.

I wanted to go into the village and kill him but I could not, I was too afraid. Afraid of dying. Afraid of failing. I got up and ran, going through the valley, and following the river. I heard there was a town at the end of the river and thought I could get help. I was wrong. The town was under Empire control and I did not know what to do. I thought about killing the man that destroyed my village and life. I decided to dedicate my life to this cause and breaking my identity as a man and forging myself as a weapon with one purpose: the destruction of the Empire. I became a sailor in the town and could travel to many places across Gaia. Eventually, I met people with the same dream as me and was trained by elite generals and spies in the Twin Kingdoms. My dream became reality.

The day before the final execution of my plan a nightmare occurred. My sweet revenge was taken away from me. It was taken! I planned to capture the Emperor on his hunt until the Twin Kingdoms’s armies could show up. This would leave the capital in chaos with its two leaders gone and make for an easy surrender of the city. The person next in line for rule was his son, who was a idiot and a coward. I believed there would be little resistance and little bloodshed. I would do the honors of slitting the monster’s throat in front of his court, showing the end of his reign and the fall of the Empire. It was a perfect plan; however, before the Emperor could go on his hunt a star fell from the sky in the middle of the city. Florentine could not resist and had to see the star. When we arrived to the crater we were confused. The star was not made of fire but of metal. It was a sphere with a round, black mirror on one side. The star opened by a door swinging to the air. Inside was a man, no a god, who was in a white seat. The god was in white armor made of cloth and a metal plate on his chest with many medals of different colors. His helmet was very strange and monstrous. It was white like his suit but had a black mirror, like his ship, where his eyes would be. He took the helmet off revealing a human face. He looked young but had a shaved head and stubble on his face. He took out what looked like a metal hammer, but he was holding it at the wrong handle. He looked Florentine straight in the eyes and pulled his finger down on the hammer. The sound I will never forget. It was louder than a 1000 galloping horses. By the time the shocked wore off from the sound I felt warm liquid all over me. I looked to the Emperor and his head was gone.

I felt sadness and absolute anger. I have wasted my life following a dream that was ended with a sound. I wanted to instantly kill this god but he was now pointing the hammer at me. I told him to kill me because now I have nothing to live for because he took my purpose away from me. He asked what I meant and I told him my story. He felt pity and said he understood. He was on a mission from what he said was another dimension and he was from a planet called Earth and it was the year 2137. He was in some war with what he described were monsters who destroyed his home. He said he was traveling for some weapon and saw from the sky what Florentine was doing the people of this planet. He was angry such a person exited and came down to end his reign.

The god did not stay for long. He left after a feast in his honor. The people loved him and asked his name, which was Conor Haarp. Now the people worship him under Haarpism and now there are statues of him in every city across the land. I hate every one of these ugly wastes of resources. I was offered to be the new king of the southern lands for what I have done for the people. I turned it down. I was bitter and did not care about this land anymore. I live in bars and on streets now. Life is cruel.
