"It seems," he thought to himself "that this is going to be another one of those nights."

A casual remark. Not too seldom would 'one of those nights' come up, but, as it were, tonight fit the bill, as indeed one of the moons came out again. The talk around town earlier that day was indeed foretelling the upcoming appearance of a moon, however that was the talk around town practically every other day. Then again, a moon came out perhaps once in around 5 days, so the supposed around-town-talkers were set to be at least about 10% accurate, which wasn't much as it were but it didn't matter much to him.

Plus, this wasn't **his** moon. His one was the 27th and this one seemed to be somewhere in the 40s. He couldn't quite bother to memorize the appearance of any moons which weren't his or his family members' (that is to say, the 27th, by coincidence), his best friend's (the 12th) or the one of the occasional girl he fancies (which could switch in a matter of days, the respective moon being soon forgotten as well, if she'd even bother to tell him).

At some time in their past, humans had lived on Earth, but at some point the place had gotten too crowdy and filthy for their liking, having procreated and excreted all over the place, and most of them just moved to Jupiter. A bit of a clumsy move, it soon turned out.

Earth apparently had 63 moons less than Jupiter (that is to say, only one), which proved to be a bit of an advantage. Supposedly werewolves were mainly a folktale in Earth and believed to be unreal. As it happens however, approximately 100% of humans are werewolves. It just happened to have been a bad moon there on Earth (a good moon perhaps, depends on your point of view really). The point is, every human becomes a wolf by the effect of some moon or another, it just depends on which. Some moons affect more people, some less, some perhaps none at all. The science isn't too accurate, as people prefer to keep their wolf-business private and indoors. Social consensus is, a person's wolf-business is still that person's own business.

(Sorry if this kind of sucks, my first post to WP, so combine no experience with it being late and me being tired and you get pretty much this.)