"About your script..." I said.

Rudolfo Heinrich, son of Executive Producer Sasha "You'd Better Give My Kid A Chance In Your Next Script Review" Heinrich, sat across from me.  I was nervous because it was pretty much my job if I didn't give him a shot.  He was nervous because Rudolfo didn't do anything without being nervous.  Lived too long in his parent's shadow, that one, and it showed.  Like in the script I'd just read.

"Yeah?"  He asked.

"It's just... there's a lot of problems with it."

"Oh."  His face fell.

"They're fixable," I hastened to add, "it just needs... work."

"Okay, okay," he was back to wide-eyed enthusiasm, "just tell me what you need!"

"Well, for starters, this doesn't take place on Earth."

"No, no," Rudolfo said, "it's Ceres all along!"

"The asteroid?"  I asked.

"Yeah," he nodded.

"Well, it's just that you never mention that... at any point.  It's not a twist, you just never bring it up.  It doesn't look like an asteroid - there's trees everywhere, people are breathing air, no domes or anything.  There's even several references to the moon.  The only reason we know it's not Earth is because one of the characters literally says 'this place is not earth' in a throwaway line, and he never brings it up again."

"Oh, right!"  Rudolfo said.  "He's supposed to have this big speech about how Ceres is different from Earth.  But I took it out because I remembered he's deaf."

I flipped through the script.  "Right, the sonic weaponry in the earlier chapters?  You don't mention that deafening him.  Also that wouldn't prevent him from talking.  And that brings us to another point, the spaceships you have use the sonic weaponry to battle each other do so in space.  Sonic weaponry wouldn't work there; it's a minor thing, people are used to sound in space at this point anyway, but if we change it to lasers we can get some visual effects there too."

"No, that won't work!"  Rudolfo said.  "Catherine, the main love interest, she's allergic to sonic weaponry!"

"Allergic?"

"Yeah, her touching death scene?  Because the ship they were infiltrating was firing sonic waves at the moon!"

"Okay, those actually were lasers, I remember because you disabled them two scenes before this.  Also, what moon?"

Rudolfo scratched his head.  "Earth's moon?  They moved it.  The resistance, that is.  That's all in the opening crawl, remember the main character's sister did it!"

"Yeah, about Esmerelda... she shows up at the beginning, allegedly moves the moon - which you just mention in that opening text, you don't actually show her doing it.  Several times when the heroes were about to die she appears - out of nowhere - and rescues them.  That's a bit Deus Ex Machina, but at least it's consistent.  Halfway through, though, she leaves the scene and never reappears, even when her powers could easily solve the problem."

"Yeah," Rudolfo said, "Esmerelda asked me to stop writing her."

"The... character?"

"No, no man!"  Rudolfo laughed.  "No, my sister!  I put her in the story because I thought she'd like it."

"Right... listen, Rudolfo, I'm trying to give this a chance, I really am.  It's just that there's so many plot holes that you need to fix.  At least three characters appear in scenes after they have died with no explanation or even notice that they did so.  Several ships are shown to be destroyed, on screen, and are featured in plot points later.  And your main character's name varies, completely unpredictably, between 'Jim', 'Jimothy', 'Jamesothy', and 'Gail'."

"I can explain that last one," Rudolfo said.

"I just..." I sighed.  "I can't accept this script."

Rudolfo sighed.  "I know.  I swear, there's an explanation, a single logical explanation to all of this."

I didn't ask.

He answered anyway.  "My mom, she wants me to be a bigshot hollywood producer like her.  Wants me to follow in her footsteps, do good.  But, well, you've seen what I do.  You know what the explanation is."

I didn't say it.

He shrugged, and he told me anyway:  "I'm a shitty writer."