“Breathe George,” said the doctor, “Remember your training.”


The expressionless medical team, dressed in white, monitored the equipment and gizmo’s that flashed and beeped. Their hands moved in routine refined from years of practice. A man in the far end spoke in hush tones about the basketball match that aired on the tele a few nights ago.


“You’re the first man to ever travel in time, George.” The doctor said.

  
Alex breathed steadily. He felt the prick of a needle insert itself in his upper arm. The pain ebbed away and his body relaxed along with his mind as everything around him began to slow down to a halt.

A five-minute video on breathing exercises, a speech on one’s ‘duty’ to the cause and a pat on the back was classified as training.

Alex thought it seemed a little silly and he was definitely sure his name wasn’t George but he wasn’t one to question things in too much detail. He felt solace that he was destined to be one of the first-time travellers in history. He finally had a goal; a purpose. It felt good.


Suddenly time slowed to a halt. The medical team stood in the room motionless. The beeps of the machine stopped and the droning became silent. Time shot forward 12 hours and consciousness returned to Alex.


He gasped for air. His eyes snapped open and he saw the medical staff’s bodies torn to pieces, their flesh splattered on every wall and their blood seeped into the floor they once trod upon. Alex screamed but his voice had left him and panic soon came to comfort him.


“You ever been shot in the willy?” Said a boy who stood over him with an AK-47 aimed at his pants.


“I ‘ears is Goodluck to shoot gingers in the willy.”


“Please, I like my willy.” Alex said suddenly finding his voice,
 “I nevar ask’d if you bleeding liked it.” The boy said, “I ‘ears is goodluck to shoot em.”


“How would that make you lucky?”


“Billy Rogers told me it would.”


“How would Billy Roger’s know?”


“I suppose he wouldn’t.” The boy said keeping the gun steadily pointed at Alex.


Flash. A burning orphanage in the backdrop of a black sky that snowed relentlessly; almost in-tune with the tortured screams of the orphans still inside. Flash. A doctor that smelled of candy with the promise of food and warm clothes. Flash. Alex’s memories suddenly sprung back into his subconscious.
 “Where am I?” He asked.


“Lost dimension.” Alex noticed the boy’s face was filthy as he spoke. 


“yous a failed experiment.”


“What?”


“yous is stuck with us now.” He said, “yous is a lost boy now.”


“How do I get back?”


“Billy roger ain’t gon believe I shot a ginger’s willy. He gon be red faced mad.”


“No please. I'm going to be the first timetravelle--”


The sound of a gunshot echoed through the medical room. 
