I wake up with a yawn. It was a nice nap, though the ground I was sprawled upon was far from comfortable. I open my eyes to... a scorched landscape, the smell of sulfur mixed with burning flesh. That's what my instinct tells me. Purely disgusting, yet stronger than any smelling salt; is that what it is? A horrific (horrific, like horror, that is the word) scene. The ground parted, asphalt and concrete too. Towering buildings now broken husks of what they once were. There had to be an answer, yet there was none to be had. I clutch at my arm, bleeding and aching. The sleep was... peaceful? That is the word, yes. But now awake the pain I realize is too much. Even this I cannot figure out, both cause and what it is about my body that would make it hurt. 

Some words, the words in my head that I'm thinking now, I know this. I do not know where I am, I don't know the words to ask myself. A cellphone, yes I know of this at least. What is it? I don't know, but I have to look for it. I check myself for one, I had to have one to know of it, right? It's in my pocket, I think it is. It looks like it would be called a cellphone (the fuck if I actually know). Somehow it's still in good shape compared to what's around me. I press buttons, a screen with a lock shows up. It tells me to press the 'home' button, and I press everything trying to figure out what it is. It's telling me things, it has to tell me what is going on. Eventually it asks for numbers, I guess I hit the home button. 'Passcode'? I don't know these numbers. What numbers would unlock it. I press a few, no luck. Whatever answers it may have had are gone and I throw it away from me. 

Anyone. Someone. Please, someone be here still. I know it's not the nicest scene but there has to be someone. What makes me think there would be? Is it just opt... optimism? Is that the right word? It comes to me naturally but it just doesn't seem right. So many of these words don't yet seem right, they just flow. 

Keep it together, Jordan. Just keep it together. No, I can't. I'm so alone now and lost in this place. I want to get up and get out of here but if I move, I feel as though something will... come out... Something I don't want to see. Maybe I'm just... paranoid? Either something is alive here or not. I can't, I just can't move. I don't want to. I can't anyway. The pain is down there too, my... legs. If you're nice, please save me. I can't deal with this...