


The devil showed me that good was simply evil in a different form.

My life was perfect, just as I had predicted it would be. I had seen the world rise into a peaceful United Nations. I've been on this planet since the beginning of time, nurturing it into what I had designed it to become. I was proud of myself, and I thought I truly was a God for doing so. Who else could have led the world to the state of its utopia without someone like me?

Needing no food, no water, I traveled the world effortlessly. Needing no physical protection, I could not be harmed by anyone. But knowing how the existence of a demi-god could break the fabric of what human nature is... I decided to keep my abilities a secret. I was smart; I knew how to influence people beyond physical means. I changed my experience through time. I led nations to it's rise and glory. Every famous world leader was simply just me. I got cocky, I tested everything I could think of, killing millions in the process. I did not care; I knew it was for the greater good. I was my own scientist, and I would do my best to design ideologies that would run the world to perfection.

Every world wonder was designed by myself. I had gifted these humans the knowledge of government and science. I trained them to do my bidding. Regardless of the system, I always had a backdoor to give me full control. Of course I was just one person, I could not keep every corner of this planet at peace. I could only focus my attention on one civilization at a time.

When global conflict broke out, it was I who insured the good would win. It was I who gave the side I thought was "good" more technological advantages. When the world was split into two, it was simply me testing out two ideologies in tandem. Every generation I grew smarter. Every generation I made countries richer.

Of course humans did catch on, thinking the world was run by aliens, the 1 %, or whatever crazy thing they would think of. Little did they know it was just me.

In due time, the world became united as one. Work was no longer a factor to think about. With trial and error, automation became the sole provider of economic output. People simply lived out their lives in any matter they pleased.

It was at this moment in time, my designed world fell apart. Humans, as you all know, are complex creatures. They require a sort of motivation to live. A sort of purpose to go by. I had eliminated all suffering in the world. I had made all creatures live in peace. But it was this very perfection that led humans in conflict with each other. The good had no way to validate themselves by helping others, subconsciously validating their superiority; there was no one to help. The good had no reason to protect those that were weak, as there was no evil; there was no suffering to pass from one to another...

Perhaps I could not call this new form of angst good or evil. Perhaps I could just simply call it boredom. Regardless, people decided to go out and remove this new angst.

I had always though humans were inherently good. Now I knew that humans were simply inherently unwanted. With no one to rely on anyone else, with everyone relying on artificial means to survive, human to human interactions were at its most low form. This again, as said before, led to a new angst, a new boredom.

Of course, disaster struck. The utopia that I had created became a deathly silent place. No one was happy. No one was sad. Perhaps words can never describe this reality. Needless to say, I had created a world without meaning.

It was hell for me. I had seen this world go through brilliant changes, creating brilliant works of art and fighting for ideals beyond "selfish" desires. What had I done? It was as if humans had never existed. The world was full of "nothingness." 

It was at this moment that I realized I was no God. I was just a human. I myself lost my own drive for life. I had provided humans with everything they could possibly imagine. In doing so, I had destroyed the essence of humanity; to be wanted, to be loved.

I remembered I had a button I could press to end it all. I quickly found that I had been "missing the button for years." It was then that I realized I was not on earth. It was then that I realized I had never designed a perfect world. I was simply in Hell, and the devil took all the humanity out of me. He did what no physical pain, nor mental suffering could ever do to me. He took away my will to live and made me realize a life not worth living for, a life with no meaning, and I was eternally stuck in it regardless on how much I reflected on my accomplishments and wisdom. Whatever crimes I had committed in my past world to deserve such a punishment, I do not know. I only hope it was worth such a Hell to be in.

The devil had simply shown me good was just evil in a different form. I thought I was good, but I destroyed man in process. Truly I was in hell.




~~~~~






I cried. I was scared. I felt so alone. I was shaking, I was so cold, and I was so hot. 

I cried out for mom. Then I realized I had no mother.

I cried out for dad. Then I realized I had no father.

I cried out for the future, but I only saw hell. I looked back at the past, and I only saw hell. I looked for the present, but I became blind. I could not see anything.

I couldn't see where I was going. I didn't know where I was. Hell, was not physical pain, nor was it mental torment. Hell, was realizing, your own worst enemy, was yourself. You who thought you could save the world, only destroyed it, with your own ego.

Who me? Yes, you. Then I put myself into a drunken slumber.

I found myself under a tree. I was little boy. I was crying. Screaming. Shaking. 

Then I saw something. I don't know who it was. But it's voice, was beautiful. Whoever it was, that person hugged me. Told me, my child. Stop crying. And said, but I'm in hell. I'm so alone. I can't see anymore. And the voice told me, my child. You, still, have you. Love is not a one way thing. Love is all ways. And that, starts with an origin. That origin, is you. So I said, but how. How do I find my origin.

Then I woke up.

I realized, i did not see love, unconditionally. I saw it, conditionally. In essence, I hated myself, due to the conditional nature of my external world. A flaw, in my own, programming, I guess.

I walked up to a mirror. I looked into my eyes. The same eyes I had, as a little boy. That boy, I had suppressed, into darkness. I had blinded him. I essence, I lost the love of myself. The Love, of my heart. 

You see, beneath our shell, is a beaming, white light. The heart, is not a compass. The heart, is bright, infinite, white, light. The shell, transforms it into darkness, or shades of grey.

However, the white light is blinding. That is why, I was a demi-god. My flesh, was like a prism. The prism takes my light, and changes it into a spectrum of colors for the external world. 

With the write frequency of light, every shell I had formed within myself, could be broken.

It was a matter of physics and wave theory, so I did just that.

I'm here now. The darkness of hell needs only an origin of light for its transformation into heaven. Like torch, the fire can be shared. And share it, I will. No longer in depression, suppression, or sublimation. The light guides me, I can see in front of me now.