This is my first go at writing, so I hope you like it!    


“I think I’m gonna go for it Curtis. I’ve seen her everyday sitting in the same spot, and I just can’t handle it anymore.” Steven ranted. He looked at Curtis and then to the spot on the bus where she sat. “Bro. Ya with me?”
    “Whatever you say man. I don’t see it, but if she’s the woman for you, you can go for it.” Curtis said barely looking up from his thick textbook.
“Alright here goes.” Steven said getting up from the bus seat. His heart pounded in his head as he walked toward the empty seat next to the girl. He stopped halfway, and turned back to Curtis. 
Curtis waved his arms signaling him to continue with the operation. Steven turned his head and cracked his knuckles. He sat down on the empty seat next to the girl. He sat there a minute wondering if what he had done was the right option. Too late now, he thought. He started to blush as he turned his head over to the girl sitting next to him. Barely audible, Steven squeaked, “Hey.”
She continued sitting there as if she couldn’t hear him. He tried again, this time more audible than the last time. “Hey whats up?”
The girl turned her head slowly in shock. “You should not be able to see me.” She said, her face turning dark. 
    “Okay, if you didn’t want to talk, you could have just told me.” Steven said getting out of his seat returning to his friend. “What a hag.” 
“Dude. You okay?” Curtis said with a concerned look on his face. “You just talked to an empty seat. Everyone was staring at you!” Curtis said.
“I’m not crazy! Just look over…” Steven started. “I swear she was right there!”
He turned his head and looked behind him. “Make an excuse to go to the back of the bus. Then come with me.”
“Hey, I’m gonna go to the back of the bus. Make sure everyone is there.” Steven cringed at the bad excuse.
“Alright man, good luck on your conquest.” He said Sarcastically.
He put his thumbs up not turning around. He came to the back of the bus, and couldn’t see where the girl went. He twisted around in a full 360 looking for her. She appeared after a few seconds of aimlessly looking for someone who claimed they weren’t even supposed to be seen in the first place. 
““Grab my hand.” She said putting her hand out in front of him. 
    He stared at her blankly for a few seconds.
    “Ugh, you all are useless!” She exclaimed grabbing his hand. He shook off her hand from his, and backed up. “Hurry! Come with me!” 
“I don’t know! This is all too new to me. I’m just going to sit down. All of a sudden, everything surrounding him turned to a mix of royal blue, orange, and white as if someone splattered paint randomly on a canvas. 
The next moment he knew, he was waking up with a bunch of scientist looking guys surrounding him with what he thought to be the girl, sitting down right next to him. “What’s going on?” He asked her.
“We’re testing your system for the gene.” She said calmly.
“Wait what’s wrong with me?” He worried. “Am I a mutant?”
“No. Only a few people on this world of yours can see us. And even fewer will actually contact us. A survival gene has survived in your generation of family for years, but you’re seemingly the only one to express these genes. 
“And this has to do with me… how?” Steven said.
“Your world is on the brink of destruction.”
“Uh, last time I checked the end of the world was supposed to be in 2012, but that didn’t happen, so, I’m not getting my hopes up like last time.” He said sarcastically.
“Thanks to the last guy to go through this, that didn’t happen.”
“Huh, seems legit, so do I get magical powers or something?” 
“No, actually much simpler than that. You’re eye is compatible for an upgrade.”
“Okay okay, this is turning into one of those creepy Sci-Fi movies where they strip you down to the bone for parts.”
“Don’t worry. We all have the part. Basically, you will become like us whenever you please.”
“Okay. Does it involve any removal of any organs whatsoever?”
“No. You are being fitted for a technological update in your eye. It is unnoticeable, and relatively simple. We just need your consent.”
“What does this ‘procedure’ of yours have?” He said making air quotes in the air.
The girl didn’t stop to acknowledge his hand air quotes. “It entails the ability to become unseen by all humans who don’t have the gene, it has a visual guide to what you look at, please note that this only happens when you focus on something and this technology is turned on. You also have everything ever recorded in history inserted in the storage unit of the drive. You’re able to pull up any knowledge you seek. You can only use this technology finding an imposter.
“Hold up, this is a lot to take in. I’m a little bit confused right now though. Why can’t you get him?”
“He knows all of us, and has sensors to let him know of the presence of my people. So we have been seeking for a compatible ground unit to take care of the infestment.” 
“Okay. I guess if it comes down to it, I can help you out ‘saving the world’ or whatnot. Just tell me what I have to do.” Steven said sitting up.
“It will only take a moment.” The girl said standing up from the chair holding what looked like an ice pik in her hand.
Steven looked around at all of the other doctors. “Hang on.” 
“Something wrong?” The girl asked as plainly as before.
He carefully examined the other doctors making preparations for this seemingly important procedure. “Mom?” Steven whispered under his breath.
“If you don’t mind, we simply must get on with the procedure. It’s quick and painless.” She insisted. 
He saw his friend Curtis working with her on the same thing. Last time they even spoke to each other was five years ago, when he almost burnt down our house. My mom would never speak to him, let alone work with him.” 
“I need to use the restroom before continuing. You simply must have one because I am feeling a little nauseous.” 
“Accompany him.” She paused as if trying to remember a name that wasn’t there. “George.”
A scientists from the other side of the room stood up and grabbed his arm forcing him to follow the scientist. He looked at the scientist thinking of ways to come away from his grasp. When I use the restroom, then is when I will strike he thought.
Around the corner was a restroom that was the same as the one where he worked. To think of it, most things he saw reminded him of past. If the bathroom was the same as where he worked, then it would have a toxic cleaning agent that they used to clean the toilets. 
He went into the restroom away from the peering eye of ‘George’ whoever he was. He quickly found the cleaning agent, and waited a second trying to come up with a plan. He thought for a moment, then decided on a plan. He was going to spray the cleaning agent in his eyes, and come up with the rest of the plan there. Hopefully the spray will fry his circuits. 
It was time for action. He stealthily walked out of the bathroom, and carefully walked to where george was, and sprayed it in his eyes. 
“Didn’t they tell you to to respect your elders?” George said in a robotic voice. He grabbed Stevens arm with a strong metallic grip most likely leaving prints on his arm.“My eyes have shields preventing this from happening.”
Steven sat there scared for what was to happen next. George dragged Steven towards the room they came from. He panicked looking around for things he could grab, but they were all out of reach. 
George forced Steven onto the chair, and stabbed a needle in his arm. Slowly, he lost consciousness, inevitably, becoming apart of the system.
