Beware of the Bears is a phrase that plays on the mind of each Carlborg resident and it has nothing to do with the many animals that roam the surrounding mountains. Bears is an apt way of describing Thomas Frederick and his brothers, for they are as wide, hairy and dangerous as actual bears - with the teeth to match. 

Casper, a fair skinned and blonde haired boy of eighteen, swung a brass knocker shaped to look like a snarling bear's head. It beat as loud as his heart and after five hollow knocks the door opened. Casper could have been stood a mile away from the house, and he would have still been able to recognise Thomas Frederick. The man hunched over, so not to hit his head, and crossed his tree-trunk arms. 

'You're Casper?' Thomas said and ran his eyes up and down.

'Yes,' Caspers' voice sounded like a poorly oiled door hinge. 'sir.' He added. 

'No.' 

The door slammed in Caspers clambering face, and the brass bear rocked back and forth as if snapping at him. He wondered if he should knock again, stand his ground and prove his worth, but he couldn't stop thinking *Beware of the Bears.* 

Yelling from behind the door broke his daze and then the door swung open. Elizabeth was nothing like her father. She had blonde shoulder-length hair with blue eyes, dark eyebrows and firm beckoning lips. She smiled at him, and it broke his heart, it shouldn't have, because here stood the most beautiful girl in the world and she was smiling at him. But at the same time, Casper knew that his intoxication would always end in a hangover. He would find himself happy for the fleeting months that Elizabeth tolerated him and then, then what? 

'Hi.' Elizabeth said, breaking his downward spiral. She was red-faced and turned to glare at her father.'I'll be home later.' 

Casper had expected the bear to snarl and set a curfew, but Thomas nodded and closed the door. Elizabeth beamed at Casper and linked her arm with his. He could feel his heart melting, and at the same time, he could feel something inside of her jacket. It was heavy and swung forward as they walked. 

'What's that?' Casper asked and pointed to the lump with his free hand. 

Without missing a beat, Elizabeth unholstered a police standard issue Glock (thought Casper had no idea what make it was). She studied him as the air licked at its brushed steel. Elizabeth had expected Casper to pull away, perhaps even run, but his arm remained intertwined with hers. If anything Casper pulled closer. 

Elizabeth began her second test. 'I've got some business I need to *take care of* before we go out to eat.' 

Casper's eyes dropped to the gun. He made his mind up in the batting of her lashes. This was a girl worth any consequences.  

Elizabeth studied him. 'Beware of the Bears,' She said. 'but who is worse in the tale of *Goldilocks and the Three Bears*. The Bears who protect their home, or the girl that breaks in?' 


---

/r/WrittenThought