You wanna know about me? What’s there to know about me, kid? Ain’t been here a day yet, at least lemme get settled in.

Hmm? Well... You got a point. I been around a bit, seen a few things. Like when I finally found a place to stay? I could see the tabletops! Hah! Bet you ain’t seen those, hey, kid? Pomeranian like you, what sent you up to Great Sky Kennels, an unusually aggressive gnat?

Eh, I kid. Shut up and let me drink.

Wha? Before I moved in with the human? Well... everybody’s got a part of their life they don’t like to talk about. You do too, I bet, you got the look of a reformed ankle biter. But I ain’t gonna pry, kid. I saw things. I did things... But I left all that behind me when I went into the house.

Stories? Sure, I got stories. A few drinks on you and I might even spill one, heh heh.

You’re gonna? How the hell d’you got that kind of kibble? Oh right, Pomeranians are always owned by rich old women. How could I forget.

Woof, that’s better. Now, tell me, kid. You ever seen a dead human? No? Yeah, me neither. Streets weren’t quite that rough down there. Once saw a guy on a bike get distracted and crash into a mailbox, though.

Ever kill another dog? Ever go into blood rage, go for the jugular, just dig your teeth into his throat? What, you think I did? Come on, I ain’t a psycho! I ate some rats what was tryin’ to move in on my alley and I mighta knocked a few heads together to make a point, but I ain’t never killed nobody. The hell do you take me for?

Specifics, huh? Whatever. I was scavenging in the park and a big-ass bird was harassin’ me. Eventually got mad, took a swing. Little bastard jumped out of the way and flew for it, turned his stupid head around to laugh at me, and smacked into a passing bus. Little feathered fucks never bothered me again.

How’d I find the house? Simple, kid. I was wandering, and I decided I’d seen enough fights, enough hunger, enough stupid fuckin’ birds. I decided my wandering days were over. So I went in to the nearest driveway and curled up on the porch. Sat there for... hell, musta been hours. Finally the human who lived there saw me and let me in. I ate well that night, first time in ages.

I gotta say... Once I found the human, there was no way I was ever goin’ back to my old life. I had a good house, good food, and a good friend. What else could an old dog wish for?

I’ll tell ya, kid. Some peace and quiet. Getouttahere, I got booze to drink.