I have a secret. A secret that could make the difference between a man living or dying. 

It all began unexpectedly during one very ordinary afternoon. 

"Oh Adrian! Its okay, Mommy will make it all better," she said as she brushed her fingertips around the scraped skin of my knee. 

I believed her. I truly did, because I was only three-and-a-half and my mom meant the world to me. She would never lie to me. 

Suddenly, my mother went silent. 

Through my sobbing, I managed a glimpse at her face. It was an expression that I had never seen from mother before, but when I looked at my knee, I saw that there was no blood. No torn skin. The throbbing pain was gone. My mother, she had healed my wound. I was so sure of it that I thanked her. 

Mother had looked at me with her deep blue eyes and smiled. "See? Mommy was right!"

It was only when I saw the same wound reappear on my mother's knee seven years later that I would understand what had really happened. 

----

"Mom? Are you okay?" 

Mother had collapsed at the front door of our apartment.

I knew something wasn't right when I came home from school and found that mother was nowhere to be seen. Mom was always home before me even though she worked two jobs during the mornings and midnights. She would always be in the kitchen slaving away to make dinner for the two of us even though I always told her that I was fine with pre-frozen meals. She'd never listen to me. When I was struggling to reach the top shelf, I heard a loud crash at the front door of our apartment. I hurried out of the kitchen and found mother on the floor. 

"Oh. Adrian? You're home already? I'm just a little exhausted," Mother said as she gave me a 'everything's alright' smile. 

But when I saw the blood on her knee I knew, everything was *not* alright. 

"Mom! Your bleeding!" I cried. 

Mom sat up, her back leaning against the door. "Oh."

She lifted up her work skirt. 

"I think I might have scraped my knee on the stairs up," she said. 

That was the first time mother had lied to me. 

It was only when I checked the news later that night that I came close to the truth. 

*'A family of four and the offending truck driver found miraculously unwounded in a high speed collision near Byway.'*

-----

In the following years as I entered my mid-teens, the occurrences of wounds became more frequent. Cuts, bruises and other injuries that were not visible to the eye. Then one night, mother came home with a cast on her leg. 

It was enough. Enough to spur a sixteen-year-old boy into action. 

It was midnight, and the glare of the full moon illuminated a silhouette in the distance. It was my mother, and I was trailing her. 

Down the street, around the corner and across the intersection, I followed. A few more blocks and we finally arrive at our destination. 

A hospital. 

She enters first. I follow, a few moments after. 

It is quiet, only the murmur of nurses and family in mourning. 

After a maze of corridors and staircases, mother finally stops at a room. 

Mother steps inside, and I creep forward towards the door, catching it before it closes. With only a crack, I glimpse into the room. On the hospital bed, was a middle-aged man. Unconscious and strapped to a machine near him. His breathing is assisted by another machine near him. 

Mother steps closer to the man, arm extended and fingers reaching towards his cheek. 

"Mom!" I shout. 

She looks at me, with the same expression she showed me when she healed my knee. *Shock.* 

"Please don't," I say. 

"Adrian," she whispers. "I have to."

Tears begin to stream from my eyes. "You'll die."

As a tear drop slips off from my face, mother brushes her fingers against the man's cheek. 

"I know," she whispers back.

---
----

/r/Em_pathy  









