Beyond the rolling meadows, swelling streams and green forests lay the mountain, a towering mass of rock and snow, and within, a race long forgotten, the giants, the ground rumblers, the tree crunchers, the roarers, all gathered together, all seated in leather chairs, their jaws stretched wide in ferocious grins: their time had come. 

‘Revenge?!’ The Prime Minister of New Zealand’s voice welled with excitement.  

‘It’s time’ roared Tyranus Turrer, a T-Rex, leader of the surviving dinosaurs, 600th of his line. ‘For sixty-five million years we’ve lived in fear, holed up in these mountains like slugs. But no more.’ 

‘Yes!’ growled the Prime Minister. He had longed for this day, begged for it. The 'launch of the dinosaurs’ was finally here. For generations, New Zealanders had fed and cared for the survivors, hauling flocks of sheep and wagon-loads of ferns up to the mountain caves, where the dinos dwelled. Not that they minded. The two populations had clicked right away. Although different in physical appearance, the dinos being big and munchy and the kiwis super chill and irresistibly sexy, they both liked beer and flat-screens. On Saturday nights, the jandal-clad working men would clamber up the steep slopes, arms packed with Speights Distinction Ale and onion dip for a night of rugby and roaring banter. 

But it was not all fun and games. On Monday evening, July 20th, 1560, a deal was struck between the Cheiftan Hare Tuanga and Tyranus Plexus, then leader of the Dinosaurs. The New Zealanders would help the dinos get revenge against the meteors. In return, the Dinos would help the Kiwis colonise Australia. Both staggering goals, both noble causes. 

From that day, the work had started. In 1960, construction commenced on a New Zealand space station. In 1970, they built their first spaceship. In 1971, some sheep were shot in to space to see if they’d built the thing right. They hadn’t. In 1980, they launched the new models. They worked, and the crew of sheep came back (and were eaten by velociraptors). And now, in 2017, they had a fleet of 100 spaceships, all stocked with crates of sheep and ferns, and, to crew them, an army of dinosaurs, 65-million years in the waiting, all roaring, all furious and all ready for vengeance.
