"Uh, hi." The kid says to you. You blink out of your stupor and finally took a good look at this child. Black hair, pale skin, green eyes, and a beating heart.

The words, you're alive, tumble out of your mouth before you could stop yourself and the child laughs and nods in agreement. "I think I am!"

I think this is the first time I've ever had to take someone alive. You tell the child. You're not sure if this kid is female or male, so you ask.

The child tells. "I'm a girl! Duh? Well, maybe not duh. I'm still in that stage between appearing androgynous and um, what's that other word?" 

Heterosexual? You offer. She shakes her head. "I'm that already, plus I'm 100% sure I'm not homosexual or bisexual. My best friend kissed me the other day. That was really gross. I'm pretending it didn't happen. Hmmmm, maybe it's gendered?"


Gendered? You echo her. That works. 

"Probably! So, hey Mister, tell me, who are you and where am I? I can't see, it's all blurry here. You look like a misty cloaked.... Uh, individual. Hey, am I dead?" Her voice becomes smaller at the end and tears seem to be appearing. "Oh no, oh no no no. I'm not supposed to die yet, am I? I'm healthy! I'm like nine and I never get sick!" 

You tell her that you're actually unsure too and that this was the first time you had to reap someone who's not dead. Usually they go pass your younger brother you tell her. 

"Who's your younger brother?" The girl asks you innocuously and you answer that he's been called the Death Reaper by the humans and that you're the less well known True Reaper, the older one. Your younger brother takes care of those who's dead. You take care of those who are forgotten.

"Huh! Then, I shouldn't be here! I was just having class and..." She suddenly looks down and sighed. "Ah, I think I remembered what happened." 

You look curiously at her calm acceptance. What happened? You prodded her questioningly. 

She grimaces and tells. "I'm pretty sheltered. I've only seen and talk with five people my entire life. I'm okay with  it actually before you decide to pity me or anything like that. Two them are my age. One of them my best friend, the one I told you about. The other one is... I don't think he likes me much. But anyway, the other three are adults. One of them is my nanny, the other my doctor, and the last the tutor. Unlike the other two my age, I'm locked up in my ivory tower! Sort of like Rapunzel? But I don't have long hair. I'm also not a princess." She paused at that and backtracks. "Well, I don't think I am but I must know someone wealthy enough to have enabled me the life I lead."

You feel drained listening to this nine year old girl talk about her caged life. You're pretty sure you can guess what happens next. So you say your guess out loud and she nods. 

"Yeah, pretty much. Last I remember were loud bangs and I think they died? We were having a class. Belle, Sebastian, and I with Mr. Dale. My nanny, Julie, and my doctor, Leo, must have gotten in the bomb range too." She stops and she looks at your direction as if she could see through the misty fog. "So, I guess I survived but everyone that knows me is dead. But doesn't that mean I have the chance to live and be remembered again?" 

You shrug and respond. This never happened before. Not even in the older wars. Someone usually remembers. Maybe you'll continue life but, usually I'm the final death. You might be able to live, but you may be cursed to be forgotten by everyone. 




"...could you call your younger brother?" She pleads. "Maybe I could resume life!" 

Maybe. You admit. I'm afraid I haven't been in touch with him in  eons though dear.  

She gives a heated glare at you for the first time since she's initiated conversing with you. You've certainly never had this long of a conversation with anyone you've reaped before, you decide you'll try. There's a first for everything. 

So you send a message down your younger brother's way, hoping he'll see it soon because you don't think you want to be stuck dealing with this girl on your own. 

"Hello brother, you haven't messaged me in eons. What's the matter?"  A voice flows into the space you and the girl are in and then your younger brother pauses. "Oh. This is interesting." 

Do you know what we should do? You ask him. Did people called Belle, Sebastian, Dale, Julie, and Leo go through you a few moments ago? 

"Actually, yes." He confirms the girl's story and you sigh, you reiterate everything she's informed you and he hums. 

You look at the girl and notice she's getting a bit twitchy. The poor stressed child.

"Perhaps you can guide her back to the world of the living so she can find people to remember her. I think if I remember correctly, I was told the living I can't interfere with but you certainly can when it's within your domain brother." Your younger brother cheerily informs you and you become startled at that. 

My domain? You repeat, feeling a bit like a broken record lately. How is the living... Right. Forgotten. This is my domain. Thank you brother, how is everything by the way? We must catch up? 

He rolls his eyes at me and shakes his head. "Busy, unlike you. Humans are dying left and right. To be forgotten is near impossible in the humans' current era. Have fun, let's catch up when the humans are extinct." 

Amen to that. You reply and your brother's voice disappears and you sigh. Your eyes stray back to the girl who wasn't twitching anymore, that's certainly a good sign. 

Come. You bring down a firm hold to her mortal form. 

"To where? What did you and your brother say? You were talking gibberish from what I heard, what language was that?" She asks without breathing once and you sigh and tell her you'll tell her later. Within a second that's passed from the moment she was in your domain, you bring her to the living conscious world. 

You feel the warmth of the sun rays land on your cloaked form and stretched. This is the first time you've been in the living world. You're somehow surprised at how warm it is. You didn't realise you could feel a different temperature than from your realm's constant temperature of what must be misty coolness.

The girl stayed silent as she got up into a sitting position from the ground and immediately began to vomit after she moved a burnt corpse off of her. 

You kneeled down by the corpse she pushed off of her and touched the scorched shirt that the corpse had on. Or well, the scrap of fabrics that was left off what must have been a shirt stuck onto the burnt blackened flesh of what must have been one of the girl's peers. It's cold. Odd. 

"W-Why are you touching him?! Stop that!" The girl pushes you away from the carcass. Poor girl, she must be devastated and still hold attachment to her peers' burnt bodies. You think to yourself and smile at her reassuringly. 

Don't worry, you start to say before quickly changing the ending as you notice her become twitchy again. I was just checking to get more clues as to what happened. 

----- 

Andddd I have to go, battery is going to die and I didn't bring my charger. I'll stop here but I'll continue this! Hopefully people enjoyed of what I've written so far! 