"Smudge! What are you doing?" Still bottle-fed, the little stray was already a hunter.

*Meow*

"Smudge." The little  rascal scrambled over, expecting praise. "What do you have?" Still alive. "Drop it!"

He obeyed, but continued to paw at the tiny mouse, almost concerned. Alice pushed the black kitten away, taking the injured creature to her bedroom.

She swept the books off her desk with one arm and laid the mouse on a fresh handkerchief. "Oh you poor dear. I'll get you fixed up, don't worry -- wait, what are you wearing?" It was that moment that Alice noticed the leather jerkin and tin armor. In it's hand, a wooden sword, snapped and splintered.

"Curiouser and curiouser..."

Alice rushed to her sewing kit and removed a seam ripper. The jerkin's ties severed and the armor laid aside, Alice cleaned the warrior's wounds with iodine and bandaged them, carefully stitching a deep gash across it's back before covering it in soft cotton. The mouse stirred and winced, but maybe Alice imagined  that.

The little warrior carefully tucked in a bed with a thimble of water and a bit of cheese nearby, Alice returned to Smudge, who had been pawing at the door and yowling.

"You have been very bad Smudge, hurting the sweet mouse like that."

Smudge lifted his paw to reveal a splinter and Alice carefully pulled it out. She planted a kiss upon his head and turned to inspect the scene.

After tea, Alice returned to the mouse. She hovered over it for many minutes, until, at last the mouse opened it's eyes.

"Where be I, lassie?" The mouse seemed to be  and older gentleman with a deep Scottish brogue. He looked around. "And who be yo"

You would, of course, find a talking mouse quite absurd, but Alice had seen many strange things and took it in stride.

"You're on my desk. My name is Alice."

"Percival." He extended a hand and Alice shook it daintily with her finger. "What happened?" Percival asked as he gathered his armor up.

"Smudge got you, sir."

"Smudge?"

"My kitten."

"Ah! The tiny black fellow?" Percival sat up, smiling? Do mice smile?

"Yes." She nodded gravely.

"Ah, that might don't know his own strength, lass. Sweet little lad, he is."

"But he hurt you very badly. You're not angry?"

"No, tis my own fault. I been sparring with kittens many a year, but today I got careless."

"You've done this before?"

"Aye, lassie. You see, sparring kittens is great training -- I have all me boys do it once they can hold their own against each other. And, most tines, it don't hurt neither the kitten nor the mouse. Ah, I see yer a might confused, lass. We mouse soldiers have trained for generations, ever since the first Great Rat War."

"Rats?"

The master-at-arms looked down, somber. "I was but a lad myself when the rats struck last time. They decimated our numbers, slaying soldier and citizen alike. They carried off many a mouse into slavery, I only escaped by hiding in the smallest hole. They took my family." 

"It's alright, Percival. You don't have to go on."

He holds up a tiny pink paw. Inhales. "Rumor was... Rumor was that they ate the wee mouse children, those too young and small to be of any use... I saw -- I saw first hand that this was true. They took my brother, a wee babe in arms. Ate him. And we all watched." 

"Here, it's a bit big, but it will do." Alice held out a doll's handkerchief. The mouse knight blew his nose on the blanket-sized clothe and dried his eyes.

"I must be off now. Give my regards to Smudge."

Percival hopped off Alice's desk and scurried into a hole between the floor boards. Sometimes Alice saw him in corners. And sometimes she heard the mice drilling with their swords. She left her old seam ripper and some needles by the mouse hole that night -- in the morning they were gone, her gift accepted. She didn't meet Percival again, but, if candle light is to be believed, Alice witnessed a mock battle between a grown up Smudge and several young mouse soldiers, with a grizzled master shouting at them "Quicker laddies, quicker! The rats won't be so forgiving as our friend here!"