The sound of the door-chime pierces the night air as a less than enthusiastic "Please come again" is cut off by the door swinging shut behind you. You flip your hood over your head as your bag of skittles rustles in your pocket. The cold air fogs your breath as you walk through the empty, dimly lit streets when you remember something and a smile starts to grow on your lips. You pat your pockets, searching for that little box of happiness. As your hands clasp around the cold metal, the silver tube glimmers in the pale moonlight. Breathing heavily in anticipation, you flip the switch and you hear the familiar humming sound in your palm. As you raise your hand, half in the moment of ecstasy, you feel the world fall out from underneath you as the pale moonlight envelops you and swallows you whole. 

The Summoning Halls of Hell are abuzz with energy as a young apprentice summoner nervously does the final preparations. The fruits of his labour lay sprawled out before him - chalk lines encircle a pattern of sharp moons, stars and indistinguishable symbols. "Aeacus pierce the crescent moon, two lines to inscribe the room, thrice more the judge declares their doom." The adjudicators watch closely as the young demon repeats the mantra in his head, double and triple checking the quality and flow of the summoning circle. Seated just a few rows behind the academy officials, his classmates chat amongst themselves, eager to see the outcome. A demon's first summoning determines their class placements and their future at the academy. Steeling his nerves, he begins the ritual and the ring of candles flare into life. Suddenly, a large cloud of smoke fills the circle as the audience gasps and whispers amongst themselves. The young demon clenches his jaw in embarrassment; a clean summoning will never produce smoke and the crowd has reacted as if he has already failed. Desperate to succeed, he continues chanting as the smoke takes form and a figure appears.

You find yourself sprawled onto the floor of a grand ampitheatre, brightly lit by hundreds of antique-looking chandeliers floating above rows and rows of deafly silent audience members. The crowd is in complete shock, focused solely on you. Getting up, you accidentally let out a puff of smoke out of your nose. You notice that there is a single, trembling figure before you, lips trembling as if trying to say something to you. You get up and do your best to make sense of the situation. As you approach, he motions towards the object in your hand.  Desperate to break the silence, you manage to stammer out, "Oh, this? W-Well, I'm glad you asked. You see-". You pause as you try and figure out how to continue. You start to try and explain how you acquired your prized possession - about how you bought it online from someone with questionable personal hygiene...but before you can even start, the audience lets out a very audible groan as they see you raise the object in your hand. The figure before you looks at you with visible disdain and embarrassment as he begins chanting again. It appears as if he is sending you back. Not wanting to be cut off you desperately try to stammer out an explanation... about how much time you spent practicing for your Instagram and snapchat videos..."Look at my mods and add-ons!" you scream internally but are unable to get anything out before the world starts spinning before you again. In your last moments before this strange world disappears from view, you hear from the crowd a unanimous "We get it, you vape!".