"Hey guys?” Anthony said, fidgeting onboard an intergalactic spaceship. “I’m really not comfortable with this.”

The tiny yellow creatures around him looked up, some with their one eye, others with two. Their brows furrowed and one of them pushed through the crowd.

“But Anthony,” Melrose, the leader of these creatures, with short stubby limbs and a single eye, said, “you have bought us. You own our stars, our land, and all that inhabit it. We exist to serve you.”

“Ok, sure, but when I get off this ship, do I really need to walk down a staircase made of… whatever you guys are called? I meant, can’t we just use a normal staircase?”

“A normal staircase?” Melrose chuckled and the rest of the yellow creatures laughed. “Oh benevolent master, how else will we *whatever you call us* know that we are merely dirt beneath your feet, to be stepped on and used as you see fit?”

“Okay, that’s also another issue,” Anthony said. “Also, don’t call me Master. I mean, I’m black. My people have spent centuries getting away from that.”

“Would you prefer Our Owner? The Man who has Bought Us? The Wrathful God who we are Mere Toys to?”

For a second, Anthony could only stare, his jaw slack. “Master is fine,” he relented.

“Now, we must talk about your ceremonies. We have prepared virgins to sacrifice on your alter.”

“Woah, woah, woah!” Anthony waved his hands. “No, I do not want that.”

“What’s wrong with virgins?” Melrose asked.

A hushed clamor sounded throughout the ship. “Are you saying I can’t be sacrificed anymore?” a voice chimed in.

“No!” Anthony shouted. “And virginity’s not the problem! I just don’t want sacrifices. Hell, I’m a virgin!”

A round of gasps sounded. “But Master,” Melrose said. “You are already of twenty-six earth year’s age. Your most prominent years or reproduction are ending. It is time’s like this when virgin sacrifices are most necessary.”

“Okay, no. First of all, I still have a few good years left. And secondly, I don’t want your virgin sacrifices!”

A silence settled in the hull of the ship interrupted only by the creak of metal. Melrose sighed and spoke into the communicator he wore on his wrist. “Cancel the ceremony,” he said. “Our Master has demanded so.”

“But we spent months preparing for it!” a distressed voice said back. “We’ve made promises. Written checks. Prepared virgins!”

Melrose turned, replying in a whisper but still loud enough for Anthony to hear. “Well, what do you want me to do about it? Our lives are but playthings to our Master. He doesn’t care how much effort we put into these things. We are dirt beneath his feet.”

Anthony put up a finger to protest. “Well, hold on. That’s not fair.” But he couldn’t get a single word in.

“If he so willed it, he could take the stars from us and leave our people shivering until our hearts freeze over and our parents, our friends, and our children all die,” Melrose said. “We are worth less than the insects he slaps away.”

“That’s not true either.” Anthony raised his finger and his voice, but to no avail. 

“For all of eternity, our crop will belong to him. Our children will be his. No fruit we bear, nor—”

“Stop! Stop! Stop!” Anthony stepped up to Melrose. “Who the hell do you think I am? My grandfather bought me a star to name when he was drunk. I am *not* some God or some Owner or some Master. In fact, if I was, my first order of business would be to free you all. There, you don’t have to call me Master anymore.”

His voice echoed throughout the ship. Nobody else spoke. Then, the communicator cackled.

“Damn it, Melrose,” the voice said. “Not even our Master wants us!”

Melrose’s single eye teared up.

Anthony shook his head. “Well… no, that’s not what I said.”

But his words didn’t help. Tears burst out of Melrose’s eye as he fell onto the floor wailing. “I’m so sorry,” he cried in between heaving breaths. “I just wanted to make you happy.”

“Damn it, Melrose! We entrusted this to you!” the voice from the communicator shouted. “You incompetent bastard.”

“Okay, Melrose, you're not incompetent. That’s not at all what this is… look listen to me… it’s not you, its’ me.”

One by one, the yellow creatures burst into tears, each collapsing onto the floor and wailing. Anthony looked around, his brow raised, mouth agape, and heart racing.

“Okay!” he screamed, shutting everyone up. “Okay! Okay! You guys aren’t free. I won’t set you free.”

Melrose picked himself up, wiping his eye. “Really? And we can still call you Master?”

Anthony sighed. “Sure, you can call me whatever you want.”

“And the staircase made of our backs? We can still do that?”

Anthony pursed his lips. “Sure, that too.”

“And the virgins?”

“Oh God damn it!”

