They hit me up, all sudden-like, out of nowhere.

Well maybe not and all, but I'd hadn't really looked at them seriously. Some honor society or some shit - for poets it looked like. I didn't really know what all this was about. I don't know Latin or Greek or whatever. Hell, I hardly passed English class in high school. I don't know what some Society for the Disciples of the Homeric Poets wanted with me. I'm not some scholar, with an advanced degree, so I was tossing their letters in the bin left and right, and they just kept on coming.

When they came to my door, I was thinking Jehovah's Witness, and ain't nobody got a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior and shit, thank you very much, you know? So it was slide the latch, crack the door, and shout -- "fuck off" -- real quick. That usually got the message across, especially if it was Mormons. These guys looked a little old to be Mormons, but I figured it would do the trick either way. I was ready for the "do you have a moment - " type bullshit with a "I will shoot" sort of bullshit, but that's when they pulled something weird on me.

"We're here to speak to you about your music."

And there I was pissed as shit. It's alright to be a man of God - I can downright respect it. And it's damned tolerable enough to go around spreading it if you think that's what He wills and what not. But you don't bang on a god damn man's door to tell him his words are full of sin and brimstone - that's just fucking rude.

"What are you on about?" I shouted through the door. "What music?"

"Your music, Mr. White." One of the two fellas responded - I'd glanced out through the glass more carefully this time. Two young dudes - like 25 I guess - with shirts and ties like normal, but suit jackets on too. Some serious sort of missionaries if they're dressing like that. 

"How'd you get my name?" I regretted the question - it should've been 'I'm gonna call the cops' but I was too weirded out by this shit. Who told them I'd be here - that's just so goddamn rude.

"We have heard stories about your music, and the process behind it. We've come to offer you a position."

"A position?" I was mad interested, but record companies don't send kids banging on doors. "What do you mean a position?"

"The Society for the Disciples of the Homeric Poets would like to hire you, Mr. White."

I was beginning to see what was going on - these weren't just any kids, these had to be grad students. Sent out on a Saturday to bang on doors and shit - only grad students and Mormons had to do that kinda shit. I remembered, I'd dated a university girl once, who was so into me for my rapping I think. She was also lying back in bed and telling me how I'm one of the new poets and shit, and that the whole history of the west and the east and the music and the poetry is all turning to rap now, and how it was going to level the playing field and take all that stupid whitewashed bullshit and make it whole again. I never took much stake in it - but I liked to hear that there were real folks looking at this shit, not just re-reading all that old fogey bull over and over again.

"Well you can fuck-off. I don't need fucking grant money. I'm going to make it big, just me and my music, you fucking wait!" I shouted now, feeling my blood boil a little bit and remembering how that bitch fucked me over for some scrawny intellectual in a butt-ugly sweater vest.

What happened next I still don't fully understand. The guy I'd been talking to kept talking "Mr. White, I don't think you fully understand the magnitude of what we're offering" while the guy in the back starting muttering real slow and cadenced, something I couldn't hear. All of a sudden in some crazy flash of light the latch on my door popped and fell and the hinge went to swing wide open, the dude just stepped on into my house like nothing and looked me dead in the eye and continued "Do you see that? That's what we believe you can do, only far better."

"What the fuck?"

"Goodwin T. White. You are to contact Christopher A. Faraone at the University of Chicago by this time Tuesday if you are interested. Here is his card" The man lifted a small piece of paper from his pocket and offered it to me. I reached and snatched it from him. Normal fucking business card Name and Address and Extension and ...

"We hope to hear from you." He turned and walked away like nothing happened. And just like that, they were gone and all there was was this little scrap of paper. But I couldn't just leave it at that, I was way too fucking confused. 