God damn do I love Saturdays. I get up no earlier than 11, put on sweatpants while I give my stuffy school uniform the evil eye, and head downstairs to gorge myself on dad’s morning buffet. “Eggs benny tomorrow, kiddo.” He told me last night with a wink and a grin. Eggs benedict do something obscene to me so he makes them for my birthday every year. I hammed up my excitement for him, shamelessly letting my “Daddy’s Girl” flag fly.

Dad’s a fantastic cook and completely self-taught. His parents were Basic Laborers, so they lived on tier 2 food allowances and he learned how to be creative with meals. You have to when your available ingredients are whole wheat bread, root vegetables, eggs, canola oil, and a maximum of 1 SynthMeat serving a week per person (Dad loves lecturing me about how good we have it on tier 5, I’ve had his old grocery list memorized since I could talk.) 

I shudder to think what tier 1 rations are like. You can always tell when someone is on tier 1 and they don’t look particularly happy.

I head downstairs, slowly being greeted by the droll of High Chancellor Bowers’ morning address. I have the utmost respect for him, as one should, but he’d certainly benefit from adding a little pep in his speech. I pause, trying to give the broadcast my utmost attention. I mean, it’s one of the most important parts of our day but the waft of eau de canadian bacon behind pulls me away.

“Happy birthday my sweet, beautiful girl!” My mom’s voice almost sings like a nightingale any time she speaks and it’s quite lovely. She makes the whole “brooding teenager” vibe really difficult to maintain. 

“So how’s 18 feel?” Dad swoops in with the hair tousle and cheek pinch.

“I dunno. Fine I guess? Is it supposed to feel a certain way?”

Dad laughs and sends me off to the table. I swear, my eyes were watering alongside my tongue at the sight of it all. The hollandaise is a pale yellow, clearly made scratch rather than from that weird powder stuff. I wonder how my dad managed to get the extra eggs for that.

------------------------------- 

“Astrid darling, could you go grab the mail while I wash the dishes? I’m sure you’ve got some cards in there.” I nod with a muffled “*mhhm*” courtesy of the almost whole english muffin in my face.

It’s sunny today. So warm too. Everything feels so… relaxed. Like the way only a Saturday can feel. I bring in the mail, wondering why this sleek looking box is addressed to me. Return address: Health Authority Citizen Register.

Fuck. I hate needles.

My pinhole focus on my displeasure is interrupted by my mother letting out her world famous “tut”.

“My goodness, I can’t believe this showed up so late! Can you imagine the fine if we hadn’t been able to submit today? My cousin Martha was lazy with hers and they downgraded her family to a tier 2 house for an entire year! That place was unbearable.”

Stupid DNA registry. Can’t they swab my cheek? Process some hair? Rip off a toenail? This is bullshit.

Did I mention I hate needles?

We powered on the small tablet provided and a soothing AI voice spoke.

“Greetings. Please place the sample in the right hand tray. You will be processed and registered immediately.”

I clenched my fist, shut my eyes, and did my best to rotate my head 90 degrees while dad pricked my fingertip. It actually didn’t hurt but I had to justify my prior overreaction so I gave a dramatic little yelp before pressing my finger to the glass tray.

“Thank you. Your sample is being processed.”

I don’t know why, but we sat and watched the little tablet while it whirred away. The AI was silent and the screen blank for a good 30 seconds. Then, suddenly:

ERROR. 

My father scowled. ”Damn thing. This is why we oughta have people do this like they did when I registered.”

The AI started speaking. I wonder if he offended it?

“I’m sorry, but it appears this sample has already been registered. Please provide a sample from ASTRID INGRAM.”

My mother huffed, “That WAS Astrid’s sample. Can you run it again?”

“Your sample is being processed.”

Tuts and huffs abound.

“I’m sorry, but it appears this sample belongs to HIGH CHANCELLOR JOHNATHAN BOWERS. Please provide a sample for ASTRID INGRAM.”

I nearly choked on my own spit. “What? That’s absurd. Dad what is wrong with this tablet?”

I look up from the screen and my father was halfway across the house, scrambling to throw his sneakers on. “Astrid, get some shoes on and go to the backyard.”

I stared at him and my stomach dropped. My father was… scared. The whole world seemed to pause and I couldn’t move. I’d never seen this before.

“NOW!”

I shot up, bolted for my flip-flops, and threw open the back door with dad at my heels. He grabbed me by the elbow and led me to the overgrown blackberry bush in the corner. He reached through the mass of thorny branches, muttering curses as they shredded his forearm. He started fumbling around with some strange piece of black metal on the fencing. He had something in his hand that looked like a key.

*”Only military personnel have keys.”* Even in my head, the thought was a whisper.

“Dad, what is that thing?”

“It’s a lock. George made it for me.”

“…you mean neighbor George? The veteran? Since when does he talk to anyone?”

“We don’t have time Astrid, we have to go.”

Dad swung the fence open and started sprinting into the woods behind our house, pulling me with him. We ran for miles, my shins burned and the heat of the afternoon was unbearable. Have you ever sprinted in flip-flops? Some footwear suggestions would have been nice, dad.

We finally stopped at the wall that surrounded our town, 50 feet high with empty, decrepit guard towers to my right and left.

“They haven’t had personnel on this section of the wall for years,” my dad explained. He got on his hands and knees and started pulling at some rocks. Within moments, he cleared the pile to reveal a hole than ran through the wall straight to the other side.

I started crying. I couldn’t help it. What was going on? Why did they say my blood sample belonged to the High Chancellor? Why was my dad so terrified?

He pulled me in for a hug, a hug I hadn’t felt since the time I returned from a 3-month summer camp.

“Astrid, you need to crawl through here to the other side of-“

“Of the wall?!" I shoved him away. "I can’t just go through the wall dad, they’ll arrest me!” I was hysterical. How could he do this to me?

He grabbed me by the shoulders, his face as tear-soaked as mine. “Astrid, listen. I don’t know why your DNA matches Bowers’. I don’t know what it means, but if anything George has told me is true then you’re in serious danger and you HAVE to leave.”

“What has George told you?”

“Look, you don’t have time for me to explain. Your mother is going to report you as missing to cover our tracks any minute now. Please believe me when I say the High Chancellor, his advisors, the military, they’re not who we think they are. They’re dangerous and you have to stay away from them.”

I stared him down, I read the lines in his brow, the panic in his voice, the desperation in his eyes.

“…I believe you.”

He sighed and took a deep breath before cupping my face.

“Get on the other side and stay in the woods. Go north for as fast and long as you can. Hide at night and stay silent. Don’t trust anyone unless they tell you ‘George sends his regards.’ He'll have people waiting for you, they’ll take you somewhere safe. Promise you’ll do this.”

I swallowed as much fear and snot as I could, I put as much strength in my voice as I could muster.

“I promise.”

My dad kissed my forehead and he ushered me to the opening. I got down on my elbows and stomach and looked at my dad one more time, wondering if I’d forget his face, before I crawled my way through the wall.

**EDIT:**Hi. I haven't written anything creative in years, but I really liked this prompt so I went for it. I would love some good, honest feedback. Thank you.