Right, so.  Being the arbiter between prepubescent vampires and werewolves was not really where Anna-Mae Wise saw herself at the tender age of twenty-five, but she had learned long ago not to question where fate saw fit to take her. 

&#x200B;

The vampires smelled of garlic and some of the wolves had blood dripping down their fur.  It didn't take a mind reader to see what happened here.  Still, for posterity, she asked, "What happened here?"

&#x200B;

Cue both sides braying for attention.  Anna-Mae clapped her hands once and the sound sliced through the rambunctious din.  "Right, okay.  That was my fault for thinking that everyone would be reasonable and speak at once.  Sometimes I forget that I'm the adult, but thank you for reminding me of that fact.  We'll do this one at a time.  Vampires?"

&#x200B;

"Those  furballs broke into our room and planted garlic bombs in our rooms!" shouted Giovanni, arguably the 'leader' of the vampires.  Twelve going on twenty, he seemed dedicated to being a bit of a caricature; with a bad habit of always dressing in formal clothing and having slicked back hair, she half expected him to don a cape at some point.  Thankfully, he didn't.  She looked for the other nominal leader of the vampires but didn't spot her.

&#x200B;

"Only because you leeches don't know how to stay on your side of the house--" roared the alpha of the wolves.  Lynette, already in her partway transformation, making her look like a bipedal wolf.  Her normally beautiful white fur was marred with blood and wasn't that going to be a joy to try to clean up later.

&#x200B;

"She's lying, Miss Wise," replied Giovanni, "We haven't done anything since the truce.  We haven't even tried to mesmerize any of them!"  

"Partly because they'd need brains for it to actually work," muttered one of the other vamp kids, causing a round of laughter.  Lynette roared and the half human, half lupine creature would have lunged over, were it not for two of the other weres holding her back.  The vampires hissed, their eyes glowing red.  Things would have gotten worse had Anna-Mae not clapped her hands again.

"I've heard enough.  Gio--you and your crew are on clean up duty.  I want this dining room sparkling.  I better not see one drop of blood on the floor"

"But Miss Wise--!" the complaint was cut off by a raised hand.  

"Do it or it'll be synthetic blood for the rest of the month."  That was enough to set off muttered concerns among  the children of the night.  It's been at least a generation since the 'diseases' of vampirism and lycanthropy started to emerge and while there was a lot of confusion and fear and rioting, somehow...things didn't go completely to hell.  It only took about fifteen years before a company started marketing a synthetic blood alternative for vampires--Hemo-Juice (or as the kids called it, HJ--cue immature laughs)--was the solution to randomly blood drained livestock, and pets, or people.  The constant complaint was that it had an awful after taste and despite numerous marketing attempts they just couldn't shake the reputation.  Their Red Cell variant was the classic; they then came out with White Cell (not meant to replicate white blood cells, but just made see-through to 'seem' cool; whoever was in charge of their focus groups was, hopefully, out of a job).  They tried seasonal changes; green 'Goblin Blood', black 'Witches Brew', pink 'Fairy Potion'--the brown 'Turkey Day Gravy' did not last long, the garishly bright red 'Cherry Christmas' and suspiciously yellow 'New Years Blast' weren't exactly hits either.  It was an *interesting* effort until it turned out that witches were actually real and not pleased with their likeness being used for marketing and soon after that fair folk proved to exist as well and before they knew it, there was the first supernatural class action lawsuit.  

Fairies, as it turned out, were incredibly vicious lawyers and took to 'mundane law' like a sidhe to its own reflection.  

It was odd that certain members of the supernatural choose their 'coming out' by suing a beverage company, and yet it was perhaps that fact that helped people to accept that this was just their new reality.  Despite all that, some families still just couldn't handle their children showing signs of vampirism or lycanthropy.  They didn't have the patience or know how or the "time" to get to know the needs of their children.  So, somehow it fell to Anna-Mae to find those children and to make sure they were safe and survived until adulthood.  

&#x200B;

Anna-Mae had a deal with a local butcher; livestock blood was definitely preferred by the kids, but she did have HJ stored up just in case.  She had a soft spot for the kids so they more often than not got the good stuff, but they lost that privilege before and were not eager to hasten the loss of real blood again.  

As the vampire kids stalked off to get the cleaning supplies, Giovanni turned back to Anna-Mae.  "This all started because they replaced Asher's HJ with pigs blood.  Not cool."  The named vampire--Asher--stumbled.  He adjusted his kippah.  He looked back at Giovanni, face flushed, but he continued walking.  Asher was a wallflower and didn't like being made a big deal of.  It was nice to see that Giovanni was looking out for him.  Giovanni had came a long way from the scared little boy that she found chained up in a dank basement.

Giovanni shot one last glare at the wolves before stalking off.  

Anna-Mae watched him go before she placed all of her attention on the wolf pack.  She didn't glare.  She didn't frown.  She just stared.  Most of the wolves lowered their gazes and exposed their throats.  Lynette glared and growled in defiance for a little bit longer.  

Anna-Mae didn't crack.  Didn't blink.  Honestly, it seemed as if she even stopped breathing.  She waited.  Her honey brown eyes drilled into Lynette's coffee black eyes, speaking of patience born of training, of struggle, of experience, and time.  Lynette might have had a bite big enough to back up her bark, but she was all energy, no patience, and thus she burned out first.    

Lynette eventually shifted back to her human form and pouted before she exposed her neck as well.  Lynette might have been alpha of the wolves, but Miss Wise was the alpha of the house.  Everyone knew it, but every so often Anna-Mae had to prove it.  

"What was that about?  Small, harmless pranks are tolerated, but switching Asher's HJ with *pig's blood*?  You know that isn't kosher and that kind of bullying is one thing that I will *not* tolerate in this house.  This is a safe place for *all* of us, no matter what our species, background, religion, race, or creed.  What is this house's motto?"

"There's always room at the table for one more," chorused the wolves.    

"It wasn't us, Miss Wise, we swear," added Lynette, looking up.  "This is the first time I've heard of this!  They were the ones that started it.  They put hair dye in Janet's shampoo and--"

"And the green hair is regrettable--I was wondering about that.  Janet, be sure to come see me later, I'll see what I can do about it."  

"Actually," started Janet, "I was starting to like it, but then you called it regrettable so now I guess my self esteem is ruined for life.  Thanks, for that Miss W," Janet drawled, pronouncing the 'W' as 'dubya' in that charming way that she did.  The verdant-haired girl shrugged and Anna-Mae sighed, rubbing the bridge of her nose.   

"I swear on the bones of my ancestors, you kids are going to be the death of me.  Okay, so, I'm going to get to the bottom of this.  You can either come clean now or later, but I'll tell you what is definitely going to get cleaned, regardless."  Anna-Mae grinned and let a bit of menace drip into her smile and the wolves shuddered.  "Their rooms."

Cue the protests.  

Anna-Mae had to clap her hands twice to get them to quiet down.  "The garlic bomb, though inspired, is a no go.  And eventually I will find out who messed with Asher's food like that.  I want those sheets washed, I want those mattresses turned, I want those beds made, I want those rooms cleaned.  If there's one sheet with a claw mark so help me, you will be on cleaning duty for the next forever.  Understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," growled Lynette, which served as a cue for the other wolves to vocalize their assent.  

"Great.  The scentless cleaning supplies have been moved to the third floor closet."

&#x200B;

Anna-Mae waited for them to be out of werewolf hearing distance before she sighed and relaxed.  Just another day in paradise.  

&#x200B;