My eyes slowly drew open, the dancing shadow of a light breeze plucking the strings of the plaza tree. Nature played her marionette show of dancing leaves creeping through the crack between the curtains, our bed the stage for her somber play.

My morning stupor was slowly fading away, replaced by a subtle taste of lucidity. I hear a faint sniffle by my ear. I rolled over. She was crying. Tears flowing down her face, a faint sparkle of sun reflecting off the road of despair. A valley of sorrow has been carved through her cheeks and under her jaw. She looked defeated.

"'Sup with you, lass?" I cheeped. Teasingly, I continued, "That'll learn ya for watching those damn animal hospital shows on YouTube all night. Ya spent so much of last night tethered to your damn pho--" but one look in her eyes said this was not a line of conversation I should be following. I rolled onto my back, hands under my head. Through a faint sob, "I've tried. Everything. A hundred times. Nothing. Nothing works. Why? Why why why? WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING?!" Her closed fist struck the bed. Then my chest. She leant over me and looked in my eyes, a newly renewed deluge of tears rained a tapestry of dark despair onto our bed sheets. I returned her gaze. Sadness. All I saw was sadness.

The reality of the situation started to dawn on me, a rising Sun of realisation casting shadows upon the reality of my situation. "I... I die today, don't I?" I whispered, "Y've been trying to save me, right? How... How many times have ya lived this day?" She stared back at me in cold silence. I sat up trying to process this new information. "A hundred. At least. Why can't I seem to change your fate?" She rhetorically asked. "Maybe some people are just fated to die," I responded. Saying these words hung heavy on my soul, as my stomach swirled. I felt like throwing up. It took the control of every muscle I could consciously command. I tried to counter the waves of convulsion. The tide was held back, a dam of fortidude built up over my years of life. My lip quivered. "How? How does it happen? How do I di--"

"How does it happen?" She cut me off, "How doesn't it happen...?"

I got out of bed, walking to the ensuite bathroom. The cold tiles grounded me firmly in reality as I glanced in the mirror. I caught my own cold, dead stare in the mirror. Today I die. The sounds of my morning bathroom ritual echoed through the hotel room. As I cleaned up and started putting on some fresh clothes I asked, "I'm gonna go for a walk. Want to join me?" Her reply was not forthcoming. She sat in quiet contemplation. Eventually, she nodded. I wondered, was this a script I'd played out before? How many times in how many former timelines had I done this? I needed to make sense of what was happening. Why would she waste her only Redo Day on me? Was I that important? Thoughts raced through my mind.

"You wanted to know how?" She said, shattering the silence and temporarily derailing my train of thought. She had regained some of her composure now. She pointed to a nearby shop window. I looked towards it. "Go and see for yourself," her words, while crypic, were firm and filled with conviction. What could she mean? Did this shop contain some subtle hints to my fate? I was once again lost in thought. I mindlessly stepped out into the road, the trance-like motions taking me towards my fate. Why would a prostitute waste her only Redo Day on a total stranger?

I could hear a noise in my head. Loud. Obnoxious. Be silent, I thought. Let me think. I snapped to. Stopped walking. A taxi shot past me, a narrow miss. Its horn blaring as the driver recounted a selection of choice phrases out of his window. Was this it? Did I avoid my inevitable fate? Suddenly he stopped, looking behind me. His look was uncertain. I turned around. She was holding a gun. It was pointed at me. Why? Weren't you trying to save me? A gunshot echoes through the street, dancing between the buildings. My world fades to black as I am pushed back, my body hits the floor. I never even knew her name.

I feel nothing, other than a numb weight on my chest. So this is what it feels like to die. In this moment I may live a thousand lifetimes. Then I see it. A girl. A child. Crying. I'm in my car. I've crashed. I'm drunk. I just killed her mother. The fire in the girl's eyes was a fire of revenge. I realise. I may not know her name, but I ruined her life. And on a chance encounter, she made her plan, saw her opportunity. If that was the case, why was she so sad. Why did the day keep repeating for her? Was she not achieving her wishes?

I hear more gunshots. They're louder than before. Deafening. My ears started to ring. Perhaps the sound of my death. The weight on my chest makes it hard to breathe. Then I hear footsteps. A person running. The footsteps run away. The sound fades out. I hear a voice. Calm. Quiet. Loving. "Open your eyes." I instinctively follow the instructions. So this is death and I am being welcomed to the afterlife. Whether for the last time or the first time, I open my eyes. I see a face. Perhaps the face of God? No. Different. Familiar. My wife. She's smiling. Crimson hues escape the corner of her mouth. Her smile was worth living a thousand lifetimes to see one last time. What a husband I'd been. Killed by the prostitute I cheated on her with. She spoke to me. "Finally. I've lived this day a hundred times. Finally, I found you. Finally, I saved you."

The revolving door of reality had spun full circle and slapped me in the face with the power of a thousand Suns. I snapped to. The taxi sped off, driver's side rear passenger door slamming shut as he accelerated away. It wasn't worth the lost pay to hang around here. "I love you and I forgive you," the final words of my wife rang true in my head. I heard a clatter as her hand hit the floor, followed by the gun she was carrying. This is why. This is why I would not die. When my wife found out I was murdered, she swore this day as her Redo Day. The prostitute woke up every morning. In bed with the man who killed her mother. Ruined her life. She had killed me a hundred times. But I would not die. My wife had lived a hundred days trying to find me. To save me. A two way time paradox. I must live and I must die. But my wife had changed the course of my fate. She had broken it. If I could survive just today, this would be my Redo Day.

Me and my wife would live forever on this day. I will break our Ouroboros of fate. Player three has entered the game.

The next day, my eyes slowly drew open, the dancing shadow of a light breeze plucking the strings of our garden tree. Nature played her marionette show of dancing leaves creeping through the crack between the curtains, our bed the stage for her somber play...