I should have known it would have been like this. It started straight from birth. He came out with a sword and shield. What baby comes with a sword and shield? Do you know how much legal trouble my wife and I had to go through just to keep our kid for that? Never mind that though, he also had a full set of blonde hair. It was thick and waving. Yes waving. Not fucking wavy, but it was if he had his own little gust of wind. 

Other odd things we noticed were a full set of ADULT teeth in the first few months. Perfect adult white teeth!  I ‘ve never seen something like it. Next thing you know he was ripped as fuck. Now don’t get me wrong I was proud as any other dad, but he had a damn six pack at 2 years old!? Terrible twos? Pfff he already looked better than me two years into this world. 
Then school started.  I have no idea how or where he got it, but unlike all kids riding a bike to school he rode a horse. Oh yea and that hair still wavy as fuck. Yea I’m jealous of my own son, I don’t know whose genes he got but fuck him. 

Then one day he comes to me (hair still moving) and asks to talk to me. Like any dad I said of course, although I was too busy thinking if he should be mentoring me. He tells me that he’s depressed, and can’t help but notice that he thinks he is different from the others. I pause and smile. This was my moment.

I tell him “Son different is good, being like everyone else is boring”. He asks me how and I tell him. I tell him he should do whatever he wants whatever he feels like, just don’t be a dick to anybody and respect everyone. He understands, but asks “I want to help people, but I can’t help people if they don’t like me”. “Well” I tell him. “Not everyone is going to like you in life. That is just something you’ll have to accept. And if people hate you just because you’re different… well maybe those are the ones that need saving in the first place… Because those are some miserable people son.” 

I stared at him for a moment and he smiled. “Thanks dad” he said and gave me the strongest hug I ever felt. I think I almost died that day, but I would have died happy crushed between my sons biceps.  Before walking away he says “You are my hero dad”. 
