Hans wakes slowly, his prone and contorted body beginning to shift upon the cold damp concrete floor. The bruises lacquering his lithe form begin to throb more intensely with each moment of wakefulness. He tries to stand but a shooting bolt of pain in his right ankle as he puts weight on it causes him to fall prone again, writhing in agony. 

A faint chuckle emanates from the darkness, the echoes reverberating off the thick concrete walls for many seconds after the chuckle is cut short. Hans rolls to face, he thinks, the direction of the voice and gasps in pain again. Another low chuckle. 

"Hello? Who are you?" whispers Hans with great difficulty, the bruised muscles on his throat spasming with every syllable. 

As Hans' swollen eyes adjust to the oppressive dark he sees a shadowed vigure step closer, looming over him. 

"My name is not important," growls the darkened face, "it is relieving to see that the loyal dog has survived though. How fortuitous. I had thought that I may have gotten carried away with you." 

Hans tries to shuffle away desperately as the memories of the last few days begin to resurface. He stammers, "You... k.. k.. killed the Emperor?" as the fear begins to build in his stomach. 

"Yes fool," laughs the sinister voice, "I slew your pathetic master. Why did you serve such a man? Think on that as you die today."

"What?!... Wait!" cries Hans as the fear turns to panic, the pain in his throat forgotten as he desperately tries to explain himself, "I was trying to infiltrate the Emperor's inner circle to assassinate him myself. I hated him as much as you. We are on the same side!" 

A steel-capped boot lashes out with violent speed but unerring precision into Hans' abdomen. 

"Silence wyrm!" growls the voice, the subtle sinister smoothness of before now replaced with a malign menacing tone. 

"You honestly expect me to believe that?! What are pathetic excuse for a human being... Still I suppose you will have to do, the people won't know any better, you will make a fine example!" snarls the figure as he leans down towards the cowering Hans. 

"What?! NOOOOOO! What do you mean? You have to believe me! PLEASE!" begs Hans, whimpering now, all dignity long lost as his fate begins to dawn on him, "please...." 

"The people did not see me kill your master. They clamour for proof that the empire is falling, the inner circle of the Emperor destroyed. They bray for blood in the streets. Your public execution should help to assuage them and secure my position," the voice drawls, the anger now replaced with a chilling certainty of speech, a fervent sneering urgency of action. 

"Guards! Bring him. And for God's sake gag him!"

End. 