since the beginning of time, there have always been immortals. a race so similar to humans that genetically, you could barely tell them apart. adam and eve were the first, but not the only. as the human race grew, more appeared, albeit in insignificantly small amounts. once every few thousand years or so, another one awoke. they were never birthed, as humans are, but simply awaken one day as if placed by a higher power. 

i awoke one day in 1653, in New Amsterdam. the lady who found me named me john. a common name for someone very far from it. i did not know i was immortal at first. my adoptive mother believed me to be an angel sent to earth as there was no other explanation for the times i had been trampled by horses or bashed my head on sharp rocks after accidentally venturing off a cliff when i was younger. now by immortal standards, these were pretty tame ways to die. but no matter what happened, i always woke up again several hours later, perfectly healed. 

i grew older but never aged. my mother noticed this, but never spoke of it. it wasn’t until my 112th year that i met another immortal by the name of Joseph Brant, a mohawk leader. at the time, i had been living in a small cabin in the woods, avoiding the growing unrest in the cities. i spent a few months learning from him about what this immortality meant. he believed that us immortals where given the responsibility of guiding history in the right direction while resisting the vices the material world tempted us with. 

i took this knowledge to heart and as the years went by i found myself traveling the world, fighting wars, learning, and writing. i met artists and powerful leaders and scientists and charismatic religious activists. i watched the world grow and i watched as it burned at the hands of dictators and kings. but i found peace in watching history pass me by. i had no house, but i wasn’t truly homeless. i had no need for money, but occasionally people would pity me and give me a few coins for food. 

by 1987 i had moved back home to New York. it was no longer the city i had remembered from my childhood but it felt good. i found others like myself who had no roof over their heads and empty stomachs. many were angry with the the world, but every now and then i’d meet someone who saw this life as a truly peaceful life. i was content. 


[this is my first story i’ve written here i think so any constructive criticism would be nice! i’m writing this on mobile at 3 in the morning so i apologize for any errors]