Rubber tires screeching on the pavement, Bloody Mary screaming in futile pursuit. One of my favorite sounds.

I have been doing this once a year for almost a decade. I like to vary it, do it in different places, get that maximum shock value. I've made people puke and shit themselves in terror. Never gets old.

Bloody Mary is child's play though. There are far worse creatures to summon from the worlds that parallel our own.

I met the Bogeyman when I *was* a child.

I was a bad child. I put my elbows on the table and I sucked my thumbs and I secretly watched the TV in my room before bed. One day he appeared, looming over me as Bugs Bunny gyrated in the background. Now there was a sick fuck.

"Joel. Time to come with me to the place that bad children go." I said nothing, my mouth slowly forming into a grin. I liked the sound of that. I wanted to go there.

The Bogeyman looked me in the eyes, and whatever he saw staring back at him made him pause.

I didn't just suck my thumbs and put my elbows on the table. I created things. I was an inventor of the macabre, a conductor of the morbid. My tree house was full of mutilated creatures, vacant eyes - if still in their sockets - staring up at the wooden ceiling boards.

I put nails on bike trails. I keyed cars. I once threw a brick from the third floor of an abandoned building, almost hitting the stroller I was aiming for.

The thrill. The sensation that overwhelmed and completed me as I sprinted with wild abandon from that derelict building, the shrieks of a desperate mother following me. Hard to beat that.

I've walked with Michael Myers. He was my mentor for a bit. I outgrew him when I was 15.

I've dined with Freddy Krueger. He is a boring man.

I killed the Tooth Fairy, her decaying corpse the prize of my tree house collection.

Jigsaw and Chucky lay under my bed even now, chained to the floor, their wooden eyes ceaselessly moving back and forth.

The sound of rubber tires screeching, Bloody Mary shrieking. I lower my window, flip the car into reverse, and ram backwards into her. She is old and aged like bad wine, she crumples to dust every time. I park the car over the remains of her body.

I wonder out loud to no-one in particular, "Maybe next year I'll trap her and keep her here." A laugh escapes my lips. I feel giddy. I like this feeling. It is fleeting though, requiring constant upkeep.

It fades away like heroin withdrawal, leaving a desperate hunger in its wake.

Slenderman next.