"Okay, Galen, I need to go out for a while."  My brother stares up at me with a slightly vacant look, but his lip quivers.  "It's okay, buddy, I won't be gone long, I promise.  You remember the rules?"  He gives me a wobbly nod, but I repeat them anyway.  "Don't answer the door, try to be quiet, and play nice with Kizmet, okay?"  

"Okay, bubba, I'll try!" he pipes, and then immediately realizes that he broke one of the rules already, which he tries to fix with a hand clapped over his mouth.  I reach down and tussle his hair, which causes him to giggle and twist away from my hand.  He's been like this since we were kids, but it's not his fault.  A plaintive whine drifts in from behind me.  

I reach over to the shelf and pick up Galen's favorite book, Pooh's Secret Garden.  He can't really read the words, but he likes the pictures.  "I'll see you in a little while, buddy."  He nods, but is already engrossed in the pages, so I turn to leave.  Kizmet, our pet Serval, sits on her haunches and looks mournfully at the door, and then looks at me as if I've doomed her for all eternity.  

I reach down and rub my fingers behind her ears.  "I'm sorry, Kizzie, you can't come with me this time."  She starts to grow as I stroke her fur.  *But you said you might not come back.*  "I know, but I'm pretty sure I will.  I need you to stay and keep Galen from getting into too much trouble, though."  *Fine, but I want a whole chicken this time.*  I laugh quietly and make a mental note to pick up her favorite.  By the time I stand up, she's grown to the size of an adolescent tiger.  "See you soon, pip-squeak."  She bashes her head into my hip, nearly knocking me over.  I shake my head and leave the room, careful to close the padded door behind me.  

I pause at the mirror that hangs from the front door of our little lair and squint my eyes to concentrate.  My costume, a red and black robe, appears.  I add the half mask and stretch out my hand, where a trident appears.  It's time; I only wish I could have done this sooner.  I venture outside and begin shifting between spaces, and pop out in the middle of a busy downtown intersection.  

A few moments pass before those around me take notice, then all hell breaks loose.  Men, women, and children flee, shouting and screeching in terror.  I try to keep my face neutral, but it probably looks more like a scowl.  My reputation is somewhat deserved, but only because of some awful choices of partners in the early days.  I rest the trident in the crook of my arm and check my watch (which I'm sure looks ominous to those running away).  I know it won't take long for her to show up.  

Two minutes on the dot, she descends from the sky to land in a crouch.  Her costume is a ratty trench coat thrown over faded jeans and a plain black tee.  Her sneakers were scuffed - the woman doesn't even bother with a mask.  I admit, the first time she'd challenged me, I hadn't taken her seriously.  

"Vindictus, how do you keep escaping?"  I sigh, not only because her voice was lovely as ever, but also because she insisted on using the name they had given me.  I sure as hell hadn't picked it out.  Her wild mane of honey-colored hair billows in the evening breeze, and her hazel eyes are locked onto me.

I hold out my hands in a placating gesture.  "Solara, as much as I love our banter, I'm afraid I don't have time for that tonight."  She probably won't go for it, but I have to at least try.  

She smirks, and her nose does that cute wrinkle whenever she does it.  "Oh, so you'd rather skip to the part where I take you down and haul you off to The Hollows?"  I roll my eyes.  She's *such* a dork, but I can't help it.  I chuckle softly and shake my head.  The moment is almost upon us.  

"I wish we had time for that too. I--"  

"Oh, *please.*  As if this is going to end any other way, V."  She rolls her shoulders and steps forward.  

"Solara, please.  I need your help."  The words freeze her in her tracks.  "No, this isn't a joke, or a trick."  

Her face screws up in disbelief.  "That's a load of crap, coming from you."  

"Oh, give me a *break*, Solara, that was *one time*."  

She scowls and starts moving forward again.  "I'll give you a break, all right," she mutters.  I stretch the space between us.  It's almost here, and I need to buy her some time.  She frowns when she realizes she's not getting any closer, and her confusion is understandable.  I could have beaten her any of the dozen or so times she'd 'captured' me, but something about her had always made me hold back.  

I tilt my head and listen for the sound.  I can hear the low drone, so I still have a precious few seconds.  "I'm here to propose a bargain:  You help me and I'll help you."  The hum has become a high-pitched whine that causes her to look for the source of the noise.  

"Assuming you're not full of crap, what could I possibly need your help for?"  A moment after she utters the question, an irregular metal ball slams into the pavement between us, sending up a shower of debris.  

"That," I reply, gesturing toward the thing with my trident.  "It seems that Mechanaut was especially perturbed when you foiled his last scheme." Her face pales a shade, and I can't say I blame her.  "He's really outdone himself this time."  The ball unfolds into a hexabot, but this one is quite a bit larger than his usual.  It spun and barrelled at Solara with startling speed, smashing a forelimb into her.  She went tumbling down the street, and smashed through the corner of a building.  

I watched as she rolled up to the balls of her feet, only to be sent across the street into a lamp post, which crumpled under the force of the impact.  The hexabot rattled over and tore the top of the post off and hit her with it, once, twice, three times in rapid succession.  Each blow stunned her, and I shifted her between spaces until she appeared on the ground beside me.  

The hexabot spun in confusion, and she looked up at me in consternation.  "How do I know you're not working with Mechanaut?"  

I suppressed a snort, but only just.  "Mechanut is a punk.  Do you really think that little of me?"  She frowned, and I held out my hand to help her up.  "Don't answer that.  Do we have a deal or not?"  

She glowered at me, and stood up without my help, turning to face the incoming mechanical beast.  "Fine, I'll hear you out - but no tricks, or I will pound you into the ground like a railroad spike."  Tiny, but *fierce.*  I couldn't keep the grin from my face.  "So how are we gonna do this, V?"  

"My abilities don't work so well on tech, but I have a plan..."  

____  

Part 2 soon if there's any interest.  :)