Not sure that this will appeal to everyone but hopefully some people enjoy it

---------------------------------------------------------
Helen was in the examination room with three patients in front of her: three people she was expected to save lest she forfeit her degree.  Each was sleeping, deeply under the influence of general anaesthetic, while surgeons stood next to their beds. Helen glanced over to the four examiners, each of whom were holding clipboards, and easily read the fear on their faces - one of them even had tears in his eyes. The woman to his left, also upset but holding it together, spoke directly to her.

“Proceed when ready, Miss Clark”

Her friend Steven’s exam had been a cakewalk by comparison. The trolley problem was so elementary that even high schoolers had heard of it. When Helen quizzed him she found he hadn’t even had to deal with Thomson’s “Fat Man” variation; Steven had pulled a lever, watched a man die while five lived, then collected his diploma. Simple.

Sure Steven had been an extreme case – James had had to tell that poor woman that she would not be able to have the abortion she had wanted. He’d been visibly shaken all week afterwards. Helen had heard that the woman had tried to claw at his face before the examiners dragged her off him. It was a rumour sure (James had been completely silent about the whole ordeal) but she could believe it .

And Emily? She was still acting as a human dialysis machine for that violinist. She had another 8 and a half months in hospital to go.

Still, now Helen envied her. Being forced to navigate Harris’s survival lottery was a terrible price to pay for her Bachelors. One person would die because their organs were needed by more than one. They would be put to sleep, "humanely" slaughtered and then harvested to save the lives of, in this case, three others. 

Helen was undeniably afraid. Walking away when she’d come so far though was unthinkable. 

Helen moved quietly to the operating table. She lay down, put the mask to her face and counted backwards from one hundred.