All my life, I've had a small empty bar on my hand that reads "XP". A month ago, a homeless man jumped out in front of my car in the middle of the night and I ran him over, killing him. Luckily I had a dashcam and it proved my innocence. But that feeling of killing that man didn't leave me. I would be lying if I said the guilt was destroying me, instead the curiosity is killing me. Curious? What could I be curious about? The bar in my hand. After I hit that man, called 911, I noticed my hand had this tingling feeling, as if a pin needle is right there, poking me repeatedly but not piercing my skin. I looked down and saw the bar slowly rising, rising, rising and stopped a little more than half way.

What kind of sick demented shit is this? Am I just inside a game? Did God give me some special ability that I can unlock? I don't know. But the curiosity was destroying me, and that tingling sensation never went away. I wanted to fill the bar, and I now know how to do it, but I'm too afraid. Ever since then I wake up each day hoping there'd be a reason for me to fight and "accidentally" kill someone. But it always ended up with me being too chicken, and the tingling sensation on my hand just grew stronger.

Everyday I walk to the station to take the train to work, I would develop the urge to shoulder check someone, start a fight, and "kill in self defense". But everyday I chicken out, it was just wrong and immoral. There was a time I did shoulder check someone without looking and it turned out it was some elderly man and he got knocked down. I had stuttered trying to say "you want to start something?" instead, the words "I'm so sorry, are you ok?" came out. I couldn't do it. I can't do it. Then I tried to find a good reason to fight, rather than start one myself. I began carrying a knife with me just in case and be vigilante on the train, try to see if someone would bother someone else, start an argument with someone else, anything. Just anything, please...

I've started to grow irritable. Unable to concentrate on my work, and I guess it shows because my boss just gave me a terrible performance review. Saying my performance has dipped, I'm useless, at this rate he cannot recommend me if I find another place, and I'd be stuck here working under him forever, etc. He was never like this before, but lately he's just keeps talking down on me, basically telling me what a piece of shit I am. I don't care anymore, I know I'm a piece of shit, the fact I killed a man and wanting to kill again out of curiosity makes me feeling like the biggest piece of shit.

It's been a while since I saw my girlfriend. She lives in the next city over and today is the start of a long weekend. I decided to pop over, usually I just drop by unannounced but I decided to give her a call this time. No answer. Oh well, she has no family in the country and all her friends are my friends in this city. If she comes to my city she will always call, I know she's home or around and if not, her roommate Heather will open the door for me to wait. I got the ticket for the next train and hopped on. As I'm sitting in the train, looking out the window, I felt... ok. I felt warm. I felt content and no more stress. I look down at my hand, still feeling the tingling sensation, and thought "I shouldn't do it." I should just live on my life as I did before and ignore this. Maybe someday I will have to kill and I will find out. But not today, not tomorrow, not for another 10 years... with that the tingling sensation ceased. I was surprised and almost broke down on the train. I felt really good and for the first time since the accident, happy.

I got off the train, and started to walk to my girlfriend's place. She lived about a 10 minute walk from the station. On the way, I stopped by the flowershop that I've always passed by, but never bought anything for her. There was a beautiful bunch of daisies, tulips, and other flowers. Her favorite was daisy. I grabbed it and went on my way. I stood at her doorway and I knocked on her door, the all familiar and cliche "shave and a haircut, two bit" knock I (and everyone else in the world) always do. There was no response, but my hearing kind of sucks so I put my ear up against the door. I heard some shuffling inside and I called out "Hello? Daisy? Heather?" "Be right there!" I heard my sweet Daisy calling out.

She opens the door, and she looked like a beautiful mess. Hair is all messy, the strap from her pajama/nightgown hanging off of one shoulder. I smiled at her and handed her the flowers, pecked her on one of the cheeks. "Were you still sleeping? Did I scare you? Are you still sick? Looks like you called out again today?" She stood at the doorway shocked and was silent for a moment, I knew she is shocked by the flowers, so cute. "Can I come in?" I tried to walk past her and she quickly shuffled in my way. "I'm really really sick right now" she said. "It's ok, I can take care of you. I'll make you my famous soup." I heard a bed creaking noise in the apartment and thought out loud "Oh Heather is here too!". "Yea! It's Heather! She's sick too!" she exclaimed loudly which surprised me. It was at this moment, I felt something was off. She's not just sick, she's not just groggy from waking up, I can sense some kind of fear in her. Is she in trouble? Is someone in the home holding her hostage? "Daisy, are you ok?" "Yeah, I'm fine." she quickly answered, and I stared at her face to see if she will give me some kind of a sign, a wink or something, telling me something was wrong. But nothing. And a sudden fear for the worst thing overcame me. The thought I could never imagine, the thought I buried into the deepest part of my brain because I never though it'd be possible. She knew what was processing in my head because I could see her face being more afraid and her hands clenching the door harder, so hard that her fingers turned white. "Daisy, I'm coming in." I said sternly and pushed the door open with all my strength but as gentle as I could. "No!" she yelled. I walked to her bedroom door which was just a few feet from the apartment door and I as I reached for the door knob I felt the tingling in my hands. "Don't!" again, she yelled. I opened the door slowly and there my eyes met the same pair of eyes I saw everyday, my boss. I stared at my hand, the bar that is more than halfway full, it was burning right now. It literally feels like I had grabbed a red hot metal rod with my hands. I remembered the knife in my jacket pocket. I reached into it and pulled out the knife. I heard both Daisy and my boss's voice shouting and screaming something, but I couldn't process what they were saying, all their voices were muffled. I jump straight at him and dug the knife into his neck and twisting it as I dug deeper and deeper until I was no longer met with any resistance from him. I stood up, knees shaking, and my hearing has come back to normal, hearing Daisy's blood curdling scream behind me. I felt the tingle in my hand, no longer a burn, but the familiar satisfying tingle spreading wider. I looked down and I watched it slowly fill up. Finally, finally I will see it fill up, what will happen? I can't even think straight or imagine anything now, I just want to see it full. And it stopped. Stopped right before it got full. Stopped maybe 1 or 2 millimeters away from being full... and the tingling sensation was gone.