They all surrounded him within seconds. It was always the same when a new one came in. Roger lit another cigarette before putting the lighter back into the pocket of his uniform, watching the inmates through the bars, as they were flocking around the fresh meat as if he was their messiah.

He couldn't blame them, though. They wanted to know. They needed to.

"I'm Richard Fuller. TELL ME YOU KNOW, PLEASE!", one of the men screamed, his long hair hanging in his face, his eyes wide from despair. "No, no, me first. Anthony Blaine. You must have read something, it's a life sentence. Please." The new inmate just stood there, paralyzed by everyone shouting their names at him.

Roger suppressed a smirk. Most of those idiots hardly ever had read a newspaper in their lives and now they all hoped to find out about their crime through someone equally stupid. He wasn't sure whether he supported the government's decision not to allow the inmates to read their own files or any papers, but it damn sure was interesting watching them in their desperate attempts to find out what they had done whenever a new one came in. The new idiot wouldn't be here for too long anyway, he had just sold fortified designer clothes - three years and he'd be out, maybe even finding out what it was he had done. A few of the others, however...

Roger's gaze grew firm as he watched a slim man make his way through the crowd, pale, his eyes as grey as his hair, a stern look on his face with a hint of something darker. Even though he didn't look strong, he pushed the other inmates out of his way without any effort, stepping to the front. "Manuel Constantin Wayward.", he said with a calm voice. Roger pushed himself off the wall he had been leaning against and stepped a little closer to the bars, his look wandering back and forth between the new guy and Wayward. 
The little asshole's eyes had widened when he had laid eyes on the man. "Wait... THE Manuel Wayward?", he asked. "What do you know?" Wayward's gaze didn't ever leave the new inmate's eyes, who was still looking at him in a mix of fear and... admiration? Roger felt disgust crawl up his spine and making its way towards his face. His hand found his baton, ready to act. He wasn't allowed to intervene in mere conversation, but this was probably not going to end well. "I have read all about you, Sir.", the new guy said. "Fourty years they couldn't find you until they came up with the technology. All those women... using acid to dissolve their bodies, all the while living a happy family life. They would have never caught you." *Fuck*... Roger had hoped this day would never come. Everyone had hoped so.

Wayward had been one of the most wanted serial killers for decades. It's not as if he hadn't been on the suspect list from the start but the police had been unable to prove anything. The smart motherfucker had done a good job - until they brought him in to check his memories and found them all. 25 women, raped and tortured for days, mutilated and eventually strangled. When Wayward came in, his boss had showed him the memory-protocol. Roger vividly remembered holding back vomit while reading it. And now they appearently had a motherfucking fanboy right next to him, telling him all about his exploits. "Is that so?", Wayward said, a smile starting to widen his face while the other inmates either quickly moved away in fear or stepped closer in curiosity. "I have to admit, I kinda knew." He slowly moved up his hand and slid it into his other sleeve. "You may rid a man of his memories, but not his dreams, after all." Something had changed about Wayward, his spine straightened, his muscles tensed, as he turned his head around to look directly at Roger with a cold and wide smile while slowly pulling out a long and thin object. "It has been way too long since I had some fun."

Roger took out his walkie talkie and grunted only a few words into it: "Wayward knows." And then he heard the first scream.


*Liberty Gazette, Nov. 23rd, 2063

A great tragedy occured yesterday in Ohio State Prison when long-time inmate and serial killer Manuel C. Wayward appearently pulled out a sharp object in the dining hall and started attacking his fellow prisoners. Witnesses report that Wayward had been told about his crimes only seconds before going on his killing spree by his first victim in decades, young Alfred Winlaw who had been convicted for fraud and sellig fortified product only two weeks prior. Wayward was able to stab thirteen people, none of whom survived, before the staff was able to intervene and overpower the man who, thus, has upped the number of his victims to 37.
Prime Minister Wright has said in an official statement that the "unfortunate turn of events in Ohio prison should not be seen as anything more than an isolated case" and that he would "continue to believe that high-security prisons were no longer necessary in times of memory-recovery." Find an interview with prison guard Roger G. Anderson on page 12.*