I drank to forget. People often say “I’ve seen some shit”, but trust me, they haven’t. I have.

Superpowers sound great, most people at least get the basics: super strength, speed, eidetic memory, all that jazz. 

And hell if you get serious and have money, you can pretty much become a god. 10,000 hits of a supersensitivity drug for heightened senses to offset the 10,000 doses of anaesthetic for pain immunity, then you can set yourself on fire 10,000 times, hell with the money to hire the best doctors you can technically die 10,000 times. Think about that. You can now fly, feel no pain but feel everything else, set yourself on fire, and you are immortal.

That’s great, but people get so caught up in that they forget about the accidents. Especially with kids. Gotta watch their hobbies carefully. I didn’t. My daughter loved to sew, but she was young, too young for it really. Kept pricking herself, but they routinely “immunise” babies anyway: 10,000 doses of anticoagulant that the government mass produces free of charge means they heal quick. So we let her keep sewing. Gotta let your kids do what they love. 

She was eight. Pricked herself as usual, and ran to her mum for a hug as usual. Sounds innocuous right? But that was prick number 10,000, and suddenly my daughter had gained the ability to turn her entire fucking arm into a needle. Even this in itself isn’t a big deal, you learn to control stuff like that with time. But this was her first time going Edward Stabbyhands, and she never did keep her shoelaces tied. 

She tripped, and stabbed her needle arm into my wife’s heart. Low level super healing can’t do anything with that except reduce death from instant to agonisingly slow. I thought it would be the worst day of my life.

But my daughter had eidetic memory. Like I said, who doesn’t? Imagine remembering with perfect clarity killing your own mum. It sent her into shock. Every. Time. It was a couple of years before she hit the big 10,000 in mental trauma, and then her mind just... stopped. Total vegetable. They kept her alive for a while, but in end it was kinder to let her go.

I had been drinking since the incident with my wife (of course I have eidetic memory too), but that’s when I got properly serious, and today I finally hit 10,000 litres. It needs to be alcohol, not alcoholic drinks, so they said it couldn’t be done. They hadn’t “seen some shit”.

Funny how things turned out. I drank to forget. And I forgot where I was. I get kicked out of places a lot, they seem to think I’ve “had enough” without realising my capacity. So I was at some bar. Or a pub. Whatever. The point is I forgot. 

And so did the universe.

Next thing you know I was sitting outside. The stool was still there, tables, the bar, the people. But the building, that was gone. Caused quite a stir. I don’t know if it’d come back if I remembered, but it didn’t seem that important. I was pretty drunk after all.

But I couldn’t get the thought of my little girl staring lifelessly at the wall outta my head. So I drank some more. Honestly weird shit happens a lot in this world, so people just rolled with it, though doubtless the police were on the way. Then it happened again. You need to have taken notice of something in the first place to forget about it, so I didn’t think it’d be a big deal but... I couldn’t remember what the bartender was like when I got back to my seat. So they disappeared. 

Now THAT made people panic. Nobody knew who was doing it, or even what “it” was, but you bet your ass the halfhearted police alert was upgraded to red flashing lights and sirens. I didn’t really care too much, I had my own demons to fight, and nobody technically owned that booze anymore so I just kept at it. 

Can’t have been more than a couple of minutes until the hotshots of the police arrived. Lockdown and Soothe. One had arrested 10,000 people, and gained the ability to “arrest” space, and the other had talked down 10,000 suicide threats, giving her the ability to calm emotions to the degree that she could put people into a coma by saying just a single word. Killer combo.

Obviously Lockdown “arrested” the area, and Soothe calmed people down to try and ascertain what the hell happened, but I’d just got a go at the “free bar”, and who knew when that was gonna get locked down, so I’d finished a couple of bottles. Of vodka. Straight. 

They thought they had everything under control, so they were taking their time to piece together a picture, and were ignoring me. I obviously looked pretty far gone. Was getting there actually, took about 15 minutes for all that vodka to hit. 

Why couldn’t I move again? I forgot. So I could move. Great. I went back to the “free bar”. I could still remember the little girl. I don’t forget that until I’m unconscious. But who was she to me again? I know her face, but I can’t remember how I know her.

In fact

Who am I?

I forgot.