"Everybody get down on the ground!" The short muscular man exclaimed in a deep demanding voice echoing demanding authority. The alarms rang and jarred his head, and then a gun a shot. The idiot was being a fool thinking he could survive after the alarm.

He was almost safe, he had bribed an official of the bank, snuck in, knocked out the guards in the bank, and had snuck out all the money into the garage where his ride waited. 

He was in the office behind the teller's room. Men far away in front of the cubicles had entered brandishing assault rifles. The cubicles itself were filled with people whether looking up or standing up, all of them were the same. Terrified, mindless zombies

Men with clown and decorated mask, panty hose masks, and ski masks charged in forcing every person on the ground. 

"We don't want your lives, we want the money, the bank's money. Your money is insured by the federal government. Now don't play hero like that one with a hole in his head. We will get in and get out and you will be fine!" It echoed in the room and into the office. His charismatic tone was apparent and soothed you into submission, the promise that made you safe.

He couldn't though, once they realize the money isn't here, they will be reluctant and in denial, possibly executing people to call their illusion of a bluff.

He needed to get out, his new life awaited him. A mansion, a new and giant stock of new toys for his career, and best of all his newfound credibility.

He hid in the office, underneath the desk. He was suppose to give him a percentage of the money from the bank. His new partner's duffle bag slung across his back. His partner was out and probably taking a dump. 

He had to get away. His heart raced with adrenaline, his shock was being quelled. He muscles tended and his brain was working. He needed unmeasurable amount of luck and a hand from God. 

He moved, swift as the wind passing each lane of unoccupied space between the cubicles. He passed each face of desperation in each cage, all looking for a savior to help, like in the comic books of Batman and Superman, or the Green arrow, but their looks of desperation turned into looks of betrayal and fear as they realized he had a mask.

He was no hero, he was just a human with the will to survive in this world. He kept turning, moving and backtracking. His efforts to stay hidden from the Goliaths that stomped down the lane. Their own huge stick with each of them, but he remained unseen his speed and agility had paid off. 

He made it to the bank teller room. He was safe from them. His plan remained intact. He saw a person huddled into a fetal position behind two poles and towering above him was a giant. 

His mind kicked into overdrive and his instincts came in. 

"This too stressful" as he calmed his mind and soothed it into submission. He went right to the door. His steps slow but silent. He had made it, with his hand on the door he exited.

Now the colossal room now awaited him, marble floors that shined with pillars that decorated the way, and the guards that guarded his way to haven. Except they kept him from his haven. Sporadic position made it even more difficult. Lucky the main entrance isn't what he wanted, he was looking for the beaten and rusted down door that no one touched. He eyed it, painted red and left alone, the scenery around it was dark and unlit. The lit emitting through the window was dim, and had the color yellow instead of the light in the hall of white. 

He analyzed his surroundings. Equal space marble column each having pottery on top being symmetrical. Desk lined each side of the hall. He planned his action. He sprinted to the column. His head peered around the pottery. He eyed one masked felon near him. Maybe 5 feet away. And one near the entrance next to a column, surveying the entire landscape. He worked his way to the main entrance. Behind the glass were cars covered the street with blinding flashing blue and red lights. The drivers, passengers  pointed their guns at the fellows behind the massive columns in front of the building.

He paused and looked at the felons in front and the one guarding. He knew what he had to do.

He jabbed the man side. The beast fell to the ground kneeling, shocked and surprised. The Goliath looked up to the man now towering over him, his impending and was punched unconscious. He grabbed his rifle and hid. Shouts and screams were heard. The loud deep voice was heard from the back and the charismatic voice he heard that soothed him, now was a voice of wraith. 

He knew all the wolves were eyeing him, and he knew they were ready to kill.

He charged out the entrance. The deafening sound of death didn't come. And he sprinted to the cops. The felons were surprised and so was law enforcement.

He only whispered a prayer