Serenei was bathing in the island's hot springs when she first heard the sound of the oars beating water and the captain calling out orders.  She quickly climbed out, and sprinted towards the shore, the sunlight glinting off the water droplets that were scattered on her naked body, and her blond hair flowing behind her.  She came to the edge of the cliff, a steep drop down to a rocky beach that was sure to tear holes in any ship that tried to approach.  She sat and began to sing.

On the *Helmed Fury*, Jorgen was in midstroke when suddenly all the other rowers paused, their oars drifting lifelessly in the water.  As he looked around in confusion, he heard it; a woman's singing drifting across the water from the nearby island.  "I'll be damned" he thought, "a siren."  He stood up and squinted against the bright afternoon sun, thought he could make out her silhouette atop the cliffs.  "My gods, if we get too close to that, we're doomed for sure!"  He looked up at the captain, and saw that he too was seemingly frozen, staring off into space.  All of a sudden, all the crew members jerked back into motion, heading at a swift pace towards the rocks.  The cliffs quickly began to loom, and Jorgen raced up to the tiller and seized it from the captain, pushing the other man aside, and jerking the tiller to the side, causing the boat to turn away from the island.  The captain tried to seize it back, but Jorgen kicked him in the ribs, keeping him down.

Serenei watched from her cliff as the boat slowly spun away from her island.  That was unacceptable, no one could resist her alluring voice, and certainly not her body.  She jumped from the cliff into the water, trading her legs for a shimmering, purple tail.  She sped towards the craft and leaped out of the water, landing on the deck in human form.  She took a moment to get her bearings, before turning to the muscular, dark-haired man who was steering the ship.  He spared her no more than a second's glance before turning back to the tiller.  Outrageous!  "You, landwalker, why are you not entranced by me?" she nearly shouted at him, spinning on the spot, displaying her curves for emphasis.

"Well, you know...  I'm just... not that attracted to you" he replied.

"How is that possible?  I am the epitome of female perfection!"  She stood there fuming for a minute before it finally dawned on her.  "Ah," she said.  "You're a pillow-biter, that's why."  

"Hey," he retorted, "I'm vers!"  

"Oh well," she sighed.  "I suppose there's no use in saying pretty please?"

"Nope"

Serenei sighed dramatically as she grabbed the nearest crew member's arm and tossed him overboard with nonchalant ease.  "Fine, I'll wait for the next ship" she snapped, as she jumped in after the man, dragging him behind her towards the island.

As she swam away, the crew members seemed to wake up from their hypnosis, shaking their heads and looking around confusedly.  The captain walked up behind Jorgen, and said "Pillow-biter, eh?"  Jorgen blushed bright red and began to stammer out a reply, but Captain Bjorn cut him off.  "I'll need to get even with you for kicking me in the ribs, of course.  Come to my cabin tonight and we can start your atonement."  Jorgen blushed even brighter, as Bjorn winked at him and walked back to the tiller.