**August 23rd, 2017**

The apartment would be in pitch darkness if it weren't for the beat up television playing the news, quiet enough not to attract unwanted attention, but loud enough to drown out any... distracting sounds. "The 'Grim Reaper' has been predicted to strike again soon, according to our source from the police, if this is true, it would be the tenth death attributed to the killer" Edmund Trout, the anchorman for Channel 4 News, announces, you could barely tell he was reading off a que card.  

The rain has picked up outside, pitter patter... Pitter patter. Is that the rain? It sounds much closer, best not to think about it.

"I see you've awoken, that's good, wouldn't want you to miss what comes next" a feminine voice says from just out of your visual range, are there figures standing nearby or have you finally snapped?

"Have you ever fallen in love Alex?" The voice asks, a figure stepping out of the shadows into the dim light, you are able to barely make out the features of a ghastly young woman before the seemingly twisting inky black that is your surroundings swallow it back up. Is this Death come to take you to Hell on his pale horse, or a Spector sent to torment you for past sins? She's beginning to whisper again "it requires many sacrifices, but you'd sacrifice anything to be with those you love" 

A metallic glint can be briefly seen, then pain, your chest is on fire, you want to scream out in pain but you cannot, you are gagged to tightly. Once, twice, and three times she stabs you, each stab bringing even more agony as her despicable sickle rends apart your chest, your hearts blood spraying across the room. Everything is growing cold and dark, the shadows are creeping across the room, seemingly alive. Then *He* arrives, the fourth horseman. Death.

A twisting gateway made of skeletal hands created of mist stands right next to you, the whispering screams of the damned driving your dying mind insane. Your assailants face is right in front of yours now, you can perfectly make out her features, your killer is a young girl covered in macabre makeup, looking like a corpse, if it weren't obvious to you before, you are the next victim of the 'Grim Reaper' 

As you fade from this world, you can make out some words being exchanged, a young girls voice similar to your killers and a voice that sounds like the end of all things **y̷̠̺ͅo̱͔̥̻̟̠ù̥̤̝̫͕̼͔ ͍̞̹̮w̰͓͙̞͔͡i̵l̶̻̫̺͎̬͙l̳̰͖̝͉͈͈ ͖͔͙͇̲̲͇c̥̲̱̻̞̲͝ǫ͎̙̝͓me͕ ̞͘t̖̕o̗͎̬̱̞̺̹ ̶͖ṟe̸g̳͜ͅr̗̻͍̩͉͓e̙̫̪̮̝ͅt̸̮͔̱̥̤̗ͅ ͖̘͓̳̣͈̀ͅthe͞s̻͓͝e̺̤͕̱ d̩̙̤̥ͅͅe̠͙͔̺̬ͅc̱ͅįs҉͖̩͉̯̭i̜͇͢o̹̠̝̫̥͈n͏̰̫͓s̠̪̺̜͟,̠́ ̙̣̮͎̼͠ki̞͉̘͉l̠̩l͏̣̜̱͍̟̗͓i̷̗̟̫̤n̢̖̠̠͙g ̟̀i͓̪n̗̹̖ͅ ̧̠̯̫͖͇t̸̹̯h̭̤̳̖͔̯̮e͈͟ ̵̫n̩̝̮͓̗͠à̳͔̤m̶̖̞̬ę͈̜ ̛̙̗̘o̜͈f͔̹̟ ̘t̢͕̬h̤͕̜͉͖͕͠e̥ ҉͈̫̹̰r̲͕e͍͈͉̰̗ap̢͔̥̲̙̟e͚̗̜̻̦̲ͅr̭̥͇̟͉͘ ̸w̜̦i͖̱͓͔̲͢l͚̦͓̫̱̼͡ḷ͙͎̥̙̦̝ ͚̺͚͟ͅṇ̙͓ọ̞̮͙t͇̮̘͇͢ ̪̬͉̠̻͝cur̙̮͖̯r̮̘y̗̙͔̰͞ ̖̳͎͈f̭̯͉̹͉̖ą̟̻̯̞̖v̸̝̭͇̜o̵̫̗͚̱r͡ ͎͈͔i҉̗̪̰͙͎n̯͚͇̦̟ ̷̰̬̮͔͕̦t͖̤͟h͇̬͚̞̣̞̮͢e̛̮̫̖̫ ͇̟͈ͅņe҉̙x͏̺͚t̢̲ ̡̥ĺ͎i͉̖̤̪͉̝f͕͔̝̟̞e̘̤͠** "I don't care about that, why won't you see how much I love you!?" She says breaking down into hysterics "I have murdered ten people just so I could keep talking to you, what do I have to do to show you my love!" 

Deaths response is inaudible to you, and the transition to the underworld has finished, or that's what it appears like, dark cavern with a river and a boatman.