At first I wasn't sure if the intense blast of heat was residual from cracking open the oven door. *wow,* I thought to myself. *At least the oven still works good!* It's the small things in life and Lord knows I don't need anything else to go wrong in this cursed house.

I lived in my benign fantasy until I heard the gurgling from behind me. All at once my senses piqued and the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. It felt like in slow motion I turned towards the sound with a neutral sense of intrigue and a deep, unsettling feeling of anxious dread digging into my stomach. As my eyes landed on the entry to the hallway, my dread quickened to terror as my brain tried to comprehend the horror in front of me.

A large, blubbering, oozey beast stood before me in the kitchen. Stood is an odd word because this thing didn't seem to have any legs, or feet for that matter. It's Jabba-like body was riddled with sores and a seemingly ubiquitous slime that was dripping as if frozen time; molasses in the winter. The smell was anything but sweet. An intense perfume of sulfur started to fill the kitchen as the being kept moving forward, a slimey trail of goo in its wake. Its face as almost as dreadful as its rolled body. Sharp teeth jutting from its jaw, some even through the skin, each with its own stream of goo dripping. Deep auburn-reddish eyes gazed longingly at me from sunken tunnels in its face. Not the bright like you would expect from some kind of demon, more like an off-color jaundice. 

Taking a step back, my ass crashed into my counter as my hands groped the top. Frantically, I look to my side to find something, anything, to help me ward this thing off. As if sensing my terror and frustration, the demon in front of me giggled a horrendous, squeaking laugh. My head darted back to its enormous body, noticing how the slime dripping from its mouth was now sizzling as it landed in large dollops on the linoleum. Ever so slightly, a miserable smell of melting vinyl mixed with the volcanic scent of this beast. This was hell.

The beast lurched forwards towards me and I was petrified. In this moment, I was nothing. Absolutely no thought game in the world could've prepared me for this experience and so I sat, motionless, watching death approach by the inch. As the beast closed and was only a few feet away, it's milky, beady eyes darted to the oven and the cake next to it. Another horrendous laugh as it turned and approached the confectionery. 

With a sick sense of amusement I watched as the demon did two very unexpected things. The first, it turned my oven back on, and grumbled something that sounded like, "Mhmmmm." Second, it reached its sausage-like fingers right into the cake, grabbing a handful and then plunging its cake-filled fist into the gaping maw I assumed was its mouth.

Another squeal, this time giddy. Its rolls bounced and swayed as the monster jiggled in excitement. Faster this time, its hand darted out for another fist-full. Another giddy squeal. It was at this point I felt my voice.

"What...the...FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!" I scream, surprising myself by the decibels of my cry. I brought a hand up to my mouth as if to apologize for the noise, taking a step back. *Why the fuck...* my mind wandered as I questioned my interactions, always the introvert even in the face of demonic peril. 

The demon seemed to not care, unflinchingly fixated on the cake at hand. A cake that was, for the better part, almost gone. After another bite the demon turned. Again, not a good word. The demon seemed to lean to the side and backwards, too lazy to fully turn its girth. Its eyes locked onto mine and I felt shivers up my spine as my brain reaffirmed that I was facing something beyond mortal comprehension, and I just screamed at it. 

What happened next was perhaps the worst part of the experience. When it spoke, its voice was a sickening, deep, squealing sound. When I ate mushrooms in college I heard a voice similar to this during a horrible trip. This was like horror incarnate. "Meeya just want soommmeeeee CAAAAAAKKKKKKKEEEEEE," the beast boomed. My hands jerked upwards, restrained only by pure willpower to not have this thing see me cover my ears at the sound of its voice. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHhhhuugh CAAKEEEE!" it squealed again. This time unable to fully resist, my hands jerked up towards my ears, stopping mere inches away as I cupped my face, the visage of a terrified youngster. 

"Wh-what...what, are YOU?" I stammered as my legs shook. 

The thing looked back down as the stove and put one of its paws in front of the opened door as waves of heat emanated from the open oven. "We aarrrgghh Gluttony," it choked out. 

Well, there it was: my biggest question now had its answer. I wasn't sure what to ask next. I looked away, my brain desperately trying to analyze the normalcy of the rest of my kitchen. Looking back at Gluttony, I managed to say, "Where did you come from?"

Glutton had removed its hand from the door opening and plunged it back into the cake. At my question, it turned as it shoved its fist back into its mouth. Spewing bits of cake and frosting forward, it hissed out, "Heeeellllll." Another wave of shivers.

"But how—how did you get here? Why are you here?" I asked in earnest.

"Riippped a hoollleee," it slimed back, its words oozing out of its mouth. "Mmmmmmm, caaakkkeee."

Astonished, I asked, "You came here for cake?"

"Mmmmmmhmmmmm! Soooo gooooood! Wee wanteedd it nooowww," it replied. Its voice was a variance between a choking, sloppy sound of a person drowning, mixed with a raspy, deep squeal. 

"Well, ah... is it good?" Is it good? IS IT GOOD?! *That's* what I managed to ask this prime beast. Is my fucking cake good? 

"Mmmmmmm!" it responded with a giddy squeal, slapping its hands together like a happy seal, its jowls shaking and body rolls quivering. "Sooo gooooodddd, we arrrgghh happpy!" 

"Well, heh, that's good!?" I said with a false, overly-loud sense of accomplishment. "Heh, ah, so, can I get you anything else Mr. Gluttonous?"

A terrifying smile ripped its way onto its face with new holes being formed from the uncountable amount of teeth in its mouth ripping through its cheeks. "I waaannntt some BAARRRBBEEEQQUUUEE," it screamed, looking down towards the oven door and running a ragged, lashing tongue across the pieces of its lips. "Nowww," it said, opening the door of the oven, then looking back to me. 

At first I thought to myself *Shit, I don't have any steaks anymore and I ate the last of the rump roast last night for dinner.* Then the beast's intentions sunk in. *Me*

I stepped backwards, words caught in my throat. The thing advanced forward as the sound of the sizzling slime intensified. Goo was rolling from its mouth and a sore loudly burst open, puss and goo rolling down its contours. Panicking, I kept moving backwards until I ran into the glass sliding door. *Yes!* my thoughts screamed as a whirled around and grabbed the handle. In typical fashion, I procrastinated in getting the lock fixed, content that my jimmy stick would keep out any wood-be intruders. Ultimately, my procrastination was my downfall as an intense smell of rotten eggs and garbage filled my nose. As if someone started pouring hot candle wax on my back, I felt blob after blob of slime cascade down my shoulder blades, wetting my shirt. Firm hands gripped both of my arms. "Noooooowwwww," a soft, squealing voice whispered into my ears. Giddy laughing was the last thing I heard before being dragged backwards towards the oven, ultimately falling on my ass as I watched the door get further and further away. 

My mind was overtaken in terror as my tensed up, numb. I couldn't even contemplate the end; I was a helpless, petrified observer of my own fate. I felt the intense heat of the oven on my back as the thing pulled me in front of the stove. Gingerly, it lifted me into the air before folding me in half. I felt my spine snap in two and my ribs crackle like rice crispies as my feet passed my head. Again, the thing folded me into a wad, this time breaking my back high enough up that I lost all feeling. I heard my bladder and bowels begin to evacuate as blood poured from the fractures in my skin. An irony taste of blood filled my mouth along with a dank, sweet taste of something deeper. The last thing I remember was looking out of the oven door as I was stuffed in and the door shut. Slowly, the face leaned down to the side, and it gave me one last smile. 