I woke up and instantly felt a little nauseous. Today was my 18th birthday, which meant I'd finally meet Jaka. It was a rite of passage for all boys, the day we find out where we will serve. They called it the sorting.

Last week my best friend Ned went to his sorting, and was assigned one of the best jobs a young man could hope for, genetic preservation. I was a little envious as he told me about his female coworkers and the position details. I had always felt jealous of Ned, he seemed like he was naturally good at everything while I failed most of my classes even basic differential equations back in third grade and couldn't get the hang of any sports, but he was always incredibly kind to me. The last time I saw him, he whacked me on the shoulder and said good luck. 

My alarm went off, jerking me out of my daydream and back to reality. I had woken before it went off and forgot to shut it off. Still trembling a little, I got up and headed to the bathroom to get ready.

The knock on my door came just as I finished breakfast. A gruff voice said, "It's time Nick." I opened the door and two ship guards quickly took up position on either side of me, almost like they thought I might run or something. I'd heard tales of that happening before, a few months back a boy tried to escape the sorting and was seriously hurt. I wasn't about to make the same mistake.

We walked silently together down the hallway and up to the bright white doors. I had been by here many times before, but never through the doors. I took a deep breath, and stepped through as they opened.

A young man with a muscular build, not much older than myself, sat in the chair at the end of the hall flanked by two attendants. I looked at him curiously, wondering who he was. Suddenly the guard kneed me and hissed, "kneel." Startled, I dropped to my knees and then realized that this must be Jaka. In awe, I realized that the being I had just mistaken for a young man was the most powerful being on the ship. No one knew quite how old he was, just that he was on the ship when it departed our dying planet nearly two thousand years ago.

"Rise," said Jaka in a low voice. I stood up, still speechless as my mind was reeling. I'm not sure what I expected, maybe something a little grander. Maybe someone who looked a little older and more distinguished. Guess I had been watching a few too many Morgan Freeman movies out of the archives, I have a love for some of the ancient films. I expected someone more like him than the man setting in front of me who didn't look but a few years older than me but was getting ready to pronounce my future.

Jaka looked at some papers that one of the attendants had produced for a long moment, then looked up at me. I thought I saw a hint of sadness in his eyes as he shook his head and turned away. He glanced at the guards, and simply said, "Can you show him the way to recycling? I think that will be the best use for him." The guards exchanged a glance before nodding and motioned to a little door in the corner.