Just how long had it been? Can't recall; You tend to lose track of time after a few centuries pass. I remembered seeing her a while ago, though. Always near the important bits in history. It's funny, you know. Having lived for so long, I've seen history actually unfold -- hell, I've *been* parts of history. 

You get to see patterns as they emerge, and this one...she was definitely something else. Our last meeting was a bit tense. She tried to kill me, I couldn't die. You can see where that went. I decided to lay low after that, convinced people I really *had* died. I figure that's the way it needed to happen. 

Anyway, seeing her, I knew something big had to be going on soon. I figured it'd be nice to get some answers; I didn't know when -- or if -- I'd be seeing her again. Five minutes later, I was sitting down with her in the big city, having a cup of coffee in the early hours. 

"So...", I began. "What exactly are you?"

"I could ask you the same. No matter when I am, you look almost exactly how you did before."

"You too. Immortal as well, or..?"

She chuckled. It was nice to hear. Definitely a better impression than the last. 

"No, no, nothing like that. I see how you came to that conclusion, though."

She looked troubled. A hint of pain crossed her face for a moment. Something was on her mind, obviously.

"I'm, uh...not really supposed to tell anyone anything. It'd mess with the bigger picture, and things could sorta unravel here and there, but you...I think I can trust you with a secret. I'm sure you've got plenty of your own."

"I have a few stories."

She chuckled again. Definitely good to hear. 

"I'm part of a temporal task unit. Think of us like white blood cells for time. We..."

I waited as she went through the words to herself. Something as big as that, it takes a while. I knew.

"It's like time has injuries that we need to patch up; It's just that we can't really *heal* them. The damage is already there and we can't do anything to change the flow, but we can help a little bit, make things not so bad."

"Huh. Not as simple as I was thinking, but...yeah, that's pretty cool."

"Cool, huh? I think so, too. It's what made me decide to do it."

"Mmh. So, I wanna get something straight. You...are...a time traveler."

"And you're immortal."

It was my turn to chuckle. She smiled back.

"Right, you got it. And you fix up some incidents. Big incidents that time itself can't heal."

"That's the gist of it."

"Uh huh. Figures why you're always at some pretty important bits."

"Oh! You remember me?"

"Kinda hard to forget the face of the gal who *tried* to kill me."

"Uh, sorry about that. Knowing what you know now, I hope it's easier to understand?"

"No trouble; I've already gotten past it."

We sat in silence for a little bit, each probably thinking about the other's story. Well, I mean, I know I did. Hard to really grasp at the time, but I came to terms with it. 

I was the first to break the silence. "So something big's happening. Today."

She sighed. "In a few hours."

"Nah, let's not talk about that. You've got enough worry. Let's talk about you."

She waited as I pushed the words around in my head. Things like that take a while. She knew. 

"When are you from?"

"...the end of time."

I stared at her. 

"Yeah, see? I knew I'd get that look. Unbelievable, right? Right, well, we had the technology hundreds of centuries ago, but stuff was still going on. You can't get a good bead on what's bad or not while you're still *in* history. So, we had to wait until the end of time to do a proper job."

I couldn't think of the right words to say. No amount of pushing them around was going to make it easy. Good thing she kept going.

"It's sorta lonely, I'll admit. We know nothing more is going to happen, ever. Almost takes the fun away from living. But! I get to experience so many different time periods. I get to meet new people, see new things, explore SO many different worlds, so it makes up for it."

"Sometimes," she continued,"when I have the free time, I like to go out to a nice little spot, a couple of millennia ahead of here and a couple of galaxies away, to this beautiful little ocean planet. There's so many wonders there; I never get tired of looking at it."

She smiled at me, probably happy that she had an equal to talk to in one of these time periods. 

"I hope I get to see it one day," I said with a wink. 

A small beep interrupted us. She looked down at her wrist, noting the time. 

"Damn, sorry. I've got to go. It'll be soon, and I need to be in position."

I wasn't finished. I wanted more answers. I wanted to talk more.

"You gonna come around some more? Maybe come by for a chat when you have the free time?"

She nodded, considering it. 

"Yeah...I'll save your coordinates."

She fiddled with her gadget for a moment. Then she turned back to me. 

"I didn't think about it, but you must get lonely too. You actually have to live through all these centuries...I can see why you want to talk with someone who understands."

She waved goodbye, and that was the last I saw of her.

--------------------------------------------

That was...the last I saw of her. Ever. I get the feeling something bad happened that day. It was huge. All over the news. Something about a bunch of bombs...cleared out about 30 city blocks. It's -- I can't get it off my mind. I've had eons to think about this. Literal eons. I watched the world end. I watched the galaxy end. I witnessed the eventual heat death of the universe, and here I am, and I *still* can't stop thinking about it. 

The guy sitting across from me stares again. The information pad he has in front of him has slowly filled up. Makes sense. I've got a lot of stories, after all. 

"It checks out, that's for sure. You've..."

The guy laughs. "You've really come a long way. I just can't wrap my head around why this woman would stick in your mind for so long."

I don't know either. There's something nagging at me, some bit of the puzzle I need to make sense of. Something she said.

"Look, she said -- she said that you guys were like white blood cells."

The guy nods. He's heard this before. He knows. 

"And you guys are supposed to help patch up time. She's been doing a lot of patching. If my memory holds, she's been doing a *lot* of patching. And I've been doing a lot of living."

I think I know.

"Maybe it's my turn. Maybe there's an injury in time that *I'm* supposed to heal."

The guy nods at me. He sees sense. 

"She left on that exact same mission you talked about maybe two hours ago. I can put you down on her coordinates at...Plus-Thirty minutes. I just hope you're wrong about all this."

I nod. I hope I'm wrong too. In case I'm not, then I can do more this time. I know more now. 

And if I fail?

I think I won't mind seeing another few eons to have another crack at it.