"Edgar?" said the woman, her voice an ear-splitting shriek. "Is that you, Edgar? It bloody well is, isn't it. I don't effing believe it. Stop dawdling and come 'ere."

"Ugh," said the man as he dragged himself down corridor to the candlelit enclave beyond.

"You know him, Martha?" asked a lady that it would be unfair to call merely plump, who was seated next to the first woman. And also seated next to many of the others.

"Oh I know him all right, sad to say. That's my weasely, good for nothing husband. As lazy a blind badger on a Sunday. Moves less than a caterpillar with crippling arthritis."

The man *did* move lethargically, as if his shuffling feet were rats on the very edge of death, struggling under his weight. "Kill me," Edgar muttered under his breath, as he saw his wife's hideous (more or less unchanged) face, in the stark candlelight.

A man laughed, somewhere in the circular room. 

"I wish he'd been *my husband,*" said another lady, her eyes twinkling an envious green.

"Hello, Martha," said Edgar reluctantly, as he sagged down into a seat next to his wife (and the other lady). "Let me guess, I'm in Hell. There really is no escaping an old witch like you."

"You deserve it!" said Martha. "You didn't just ruin your life. You ruined mine, the children's, and just about everyone's you came in contact with. Hell is *exactly* where you belong, you lazy bastard."

"Spare me," said Edgar, his eyes-half rolling, as if they couldn't quite be bothered to complete the gesture.

A man laughed again. It was a wet sound, and yet sounded like broken glass. Broken glass gargling in blood, Edgar decided.

"Spare you?!" Martha laughed indignantly. "Well, you are spared in some ways, I suppose. *Somehow*, you got lucky enough to become one of us."

"One of..." He didn't finish the sentence.

"One of the Sins, you lazy dolt. The Lord of the Sin."

"The Sins?" He should have known better than to question his wife."

"You really are pathetic! *The Seven Deadly Sins*. That's why we're all here."

"I'm a sin?"

Martha looked smug. "You are *Sloth*. The laziest man in existence, and thus, King of that particular sin."

The man considered. Then shrugged. Only his shoulders didn't bother shrugging with him. "And you? Obviously we can discount lust."

"Wrath," she said, baring her teeth.

"And... and what do us sins do, exactly? What's the point in us?"

"... are you really that *stupid*?"

"You tell me. You always do."

"We are the cures for humanity's crimes. Crimes such as yours. For your... slothliness."

"I'm not sure Slothliness is..." He stopped his tongue, thinking better of saying it. Never question your wife.

"Is...?"

"Uh, I was just going to say that Slothliness is next to Godliness. Please, darling, go on."

"*No,*" Martha pouted, turning her shoulder to Edgar. "If you're going to take the bloody piss. *No*. Someone else just can tell you."

"I want that kind of relationship," said the green eyed woman. "Oh lord, give me some of that sass!"

Martha glared at the lady, whose lips suddenly stitched tight.

"Fine, fine!" said Martha. "But I won't tell you twice. So listen, for once in your life."

"Bu-" 

"We, do *things*. Up there. To the living. We find out who the sinners are, and once they betray themselves, we *take* them for our own. Cage them and what not. Make their lives unbearable. Not worth living."

"Oh, you're going to marry them."

Martha glared at her husband.

"What I meant to ask is," he said, running a hand through his balding hair, "Is how do we find out who the sinners are?"

"Got to be smart, you see. Jane over there," she waved a hand at one of the seats the larger woman occupied, "Helped start the fast food revolution. The gluttons came pecking like eternally-damned pigeons to the drive-throughs."

"I see. I see. I imagine *you* took a more direct approach."

"I did, as it happens."

"Was nagging effective on the mass populace? Did it drive a good percent to take their own lives?"

"I didn't bloody nag them, you cheeky sod! And I wouldn't have ever nagged you if you'd just done as I asked the first time around!"

The green eyed woman began to quiver.

