This idea I wrote sounded great in my head, but putting it into writing may not have given it the full effect I was hoping for.
--------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------


It started as a whisper in the world, the last prayer from an old dying man.

In his youth, so many decades ago he had watched them on the silver screens. And now at the end, when all other prayers to all the gods had failed, silent replies in the air – the old man, who wished that his children, and his grandchildren, and all the children of his friends had had even a brief moment to enjoy the warmth of joy, and kindness, and life, and contentment of body and soul, like he had in his youth.

And so Death came for him. And it would be the last soul that Death ever took in pain - from sickness, from famine, from war.

The whispers, like light in the darkness. Melodies of joy against the harsh winds of the barren world – and they came again to mankind.

The first to arrive was The Rogers, and behind him, his angels, the great compasses of morality and joy. The Chaplin, The Stewart, The Buscemi, The Hanks, The Reeves, The Jackman, The McKellen, and many more – stretching out behind him to all sides. Like a great silver tide of lessons on kindness, and humility, of humor, and morality. 

As The Rogers stood against Death in all his locations, refusing to allow Death to take the young or the strong, the weak or the poor, as his angels moved among the people spreading mirth, and joy, and wonder.

Second to the prayer for help was The Henson. He walked among mankind, supporting them from behind in all their actions. Giving strength to frail arms, and stamina to tired legs. His angels, colorful puppets, and helped the children of mankind to grow, and to learn. 

And The Henson stood against War, toe, to, toe with the bloody rider and would not let him pass. The strings of his will held the rider, War, and no blood would be shed in anger while The Henson stood against him.

Third came The Ross, The Quiet One. And his angels, the creators of things of love and beauty: The Grohl, the Brown, The Mercury, The Twain, The Tolkien, The Hemingway, The Ramsey, The Bordain, and so many more. To bring knowledge, and history, and craft back to the world.  (And the Primitive Technology Guy! AVE, Mathias, Steele, ClickSpring too.))

And The Ross stood against Famine, and wherever Famine spread, The Ross would be there to repaint the fields of corn and grain, to draw the rivers and the woods. Bringing back the happier world that it should be.

Finally came the Clan of Irwin, running across the world, and behind them, the Coyote, The Hanna, The Goodall, The Attenbourgh, The Fletcher, and more. And they spread their love of the animals and the plants. And wherever death and destruction had touched the natural world, they went and nurtured the animals and the plants – where Ross would paint, The Irwins would raise the animals among the trees, and the rivers, the oceans and the plains.

And The Irwin stood nose-to-nose with Destruction, and then wrestled it. Taming Destruction so that it could do no more harm. As his angels spread out across the world to teach humanity how to care for animals, to raise crops,  to nurture and protect, and to grow.