"Its your son sir, he needs your help."

"Well he doesn't seem to think so." Oriothis rolled his eyes from on top of his riding lawn mower. Clearly annoyed by being interrupted from his chores.

The servant spoke again with his head bowed both out of respect and the fear of making eye contact with such a powerful being. He spoke again through a shaky voice.

"He has fallen in love with a mortal and it has left him broken. He needs his father right now."

Oriothis warily looked the servant up and down. He was there the day his son had overthrown him. He stood as his son challenged him to an unfair challenge. Oriothis could have declined but he could tell that his son was too far gone. He had lost him. H accepted the challenge and willingly passed his mantle to his only son knowing it would destroy him in the end. But fathers must watch helplessly in times like those.

"A woman has been praying to him every day now. She is dying of cancer and reached out to your son to save her but he cannot. He doesn't know how and it is destroying him." The servant was pleading with him now.

There was an innocent life involved now. He son was an angry God and thought his fathers benevolent nature was his weakness and he was right.

"Take me to her." And fetch my son

"He is with her now and they are not far." The servant looked up both startled and relieved.

"I can drive us then just give me a second to get changed." 

"Can't you just make us appear there?" 

"Well I could but thats actually pretty exhausting and I've been doing chores all day. C'mon it's fun some of these mortals are so stressed when they drive but I find it relaxing."

"She's at the hospital in town actually." The servant now more confused than anything.

Oriothis unlocked the car door and told him he would be back. The servant sat in the passenger seat of his mini van and waited for him to get changed. From the rear vvieew mirror hung a picture of his son as a young boy. Jerraud the servant felt very small at that moment. So insignificant that his role in all this was just a nobody. How he had never stood up for himself and made anything that mattered. Like a family. He knew he did the right thing to pray to oriothis.

They arrived after an awkward fifteen minute drive and made their way to the woman's room. Shelby was her name and she was not winning her battle with cancer. She looked up at oriothis behind red puffy eyes that had only recently stopped crying. His son picked his head up and looked at his father without anger for the first time in years. He was too exhausted to be angry. He had been sleeping in waiting rooms for months now so he smelled and was unshaven. He had no clue when the last time he had taken a shower or worn clothes he knew were clean. None of that mattered because he didn't care. She was all he cared about and yet he could do anything.

"Dad I'm so sorry please help us." His son jumped up from his chair and embraced his father. He sobbed into his chest hysterically. Oriothis held his son and was brought to a few tears as well.

"I can't help you. This is the way of mortals. She will pass on but you must not let this destroy you it is the natural way of things. We cannot be ones to meddle in that." His father had been through this before with the boys own mother.

"That's bull shit mom lived a long life aand happy life before she passed but what does she get! She gets all that taken from her. For no fucking reason." Rage welled in his sons eyes and oriothis knew what he had to do.

"You must know this loss. So many people in the world live with this pain every day and there is nothing they can do about it. How can you hope to help them or rule them if you don't understand this part of reality. Every mortal will perish one day how can we make an exception for one without making it for all?" His words did nothing to calm his son.

"The difference is I'm not in love with them. Not like I love her I can't let this one go. I fucking won't. If she goes I'm going with her." His son taraxis started crying again. No hysterics this time. He looked so feeble and exhausted now.

"If what you say is true then there is a way you can save her." 

Taraxis eyes widened as he picked his head up to face his father. 

"Tell me right now."

"Only love is powerful enough to do what you're asking. You must be willing to do anything for this woman."

"Yes anything." Oriothis believed his son. The anger that had haunted his son for so long was honed into passion now. He would leap off of the roof of the hospital if he said it would save her.

He walked over to the woman and placed his hand on her head. Soon she began to scream and writhe and kick around in her bed. A black smoke poured out from her mouth and filled the room. It began to dissipate eventually and was absorbed by oriothis through ever pour in his body until he appeared incredibly aged and decrepit. 
 
"When she wakes up tell her that i owe her my life for saving my son. I love you taraxis I hope you understand now that I always have."

"Oh my god dad are you ok what happened?"

"I'll be fine. I will pass soon instead of her now. But I will rest easy now that you have been saved." Oriothis sat down in the chair his son was in originally and sighed. "I will leave you shortly to tend to her but after I leave could visit me one last time? I would like to spend the last of my days with you but I will settle for a few moments. We have a lot to talk about."

"Yes dad of course anything. I owe you everything I'm so sorry for everything I don't know where to begin."

"Don't worry about it you will understand why I did everything I did one day. You have already begun to understand I can see that now." He rose from the chair and made for the door. "I'll be seeing you taraxis and nice to see you again jerraud." He pathetically sauntered down the hallway and out to his car. He felt so relieved as he turned on his car and headed home. He son was not lost.


---sorry about the awful grammar I'm on mobile so it's kind of a pain-----



"



