It was when our state-of-the-art anomaly detection software kept saying everything was fine I got concerned. It seemed too good to be true. My coworkers celebrated by taking out sick leave for the first time in years. Then they just stayed home. I was left alone. When I received a phone call from the president of the company, a mythical figure I'd never even seen a picture of, things got stranger.

"They're saying it's some kind of flu," he said.

"Yes, Mr. President. I heard."

"I'm not *the* president, you know," he said, laughing. "Not quite yet anyhow ..."

"What?"

"Oh! Never mind ... As the only employee left on the ship when everyone else is knocked out by a damn cold, I think you deserve recognition."

"Thank you, Mr. P---"

"Please," he said, "Call me Marcus Lucius. There will be a ceremony tonight. I hope you will be able to attend."

"I'm sure--"

I suddenly lost the signal. Oh well.

These last weeks I had been practically living in the office. When had the parking lot become overrun with homeless people? I could see them all limping around like they were all coked up. Their eyes were bloodshot and open wide. Man, I seemed to have missed one hell of a party.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I haven't got any change."

One of them grabbed hold of me. "They're here!" he cried. "They took me onboard their ship, they stuck probes inside my ... they're here! Oh the humanity! They're here!"

One of the coked-up limpers caught him from behind and drove his teeth into his throat. I fell to the ground from the shock. I had read about this somewhere. Some Russian or Brazilian drug that made people crazy. Some homeless guy had eaten a guy's face. I would not be up for this tonight. Sorry, limpy.

I drove off as fast as I could. Somehow I had become more adept at driving overnight. My car moved smoothly, almost as if it was driving itself. I could remember some talk about switching over to autonomous vehicles, but surely they couldn't have installed an update overnight? I let go of the wheel for a bit, and sure enough! Well I'd be damned. What a nice surprise.

What was not so nice was what happened next. The large thump could only mean one thing. Horrified, I tried to apply the brakes. It wouldn't respond. How do you disable this feature? I hadn't the time to try any buttons before I saw a bloodied hand slap the windshield. Then, a half-rotten face slid down. The other half soon peeked at me, still attached to its owner. I hit every button I could find, screaming. Some crazy drug must have flooded the market. Strangely, my first thought was *why haven't I been offered any?*

The car sped up. I couldn't stop it. The half-faced coke-head flew off the hood. I couldn't get the door open. At the very last moment I was able to break a window. I jumped out, comforting myself that at least I wouldn't be a *burning* mutilated corpse.

When I came to I could move my arms. I could touch my legs, but I couldn't feel them. Then I realized they weren't my legs. They were just legs. Mine turned out to be fully functional. Before I had any time to deal with this situation, I saw what seemed to be fireworks. Only, they flew much higher than what was normal. Hundreds, maybe thousands, all flying toward nothing. That is, until they all exploded with a massive force, hitting *something*. A massive thing, easily the size of the entire city, sat in the air. Exploding.

As hell rained down on me, all I could think was that I would never be able to take out those sick days.