Of course, I immediately put the lemon to one side and returned to the book. I’d found the book in an old charity shop. It wasn’t on the shelf with the rest of the books, but in a plastic box tucked under a shelf in the corner of the shop. I pulled the box out and searched through it - mostly old lego sets with broken boxes and, I assumed, pieces missing - and found it at the bottom. It was so covered in dust that I couldn’t tell what was on the cover. I used the sleeve of a moth eaten coat hanging up nearby to clean the dust off. The book looked old and was bound in a dark brown leather. It had no title, and the spine was completely blank. The only marking at all was a large black pentagram that had been charred into the front cover. I thought it was just an effect at first, but when I ran my fingers over it, it seemed that the shape of the pentagram had actually been burned into the cover. I flipped through the pages sitting on the charity shop floor, each time I turned a new page a plume of dust kicking up into the air. I couldn’t make much sense of it - it seemed to be written entirely in Latin. I had done Latin in school, but I wasn’t good enough to translate anything without some study. After a few minutes the entire shop smelled musty. I figured I better leave. I took the book and a few t shirts I’d picked up to the counter to pay. The cashier hadn’t seen the book before and there was no price written on the inside cover. He told me to give him a couple of quid for it, which I did, and he seemed pleased to see me leaving his shop. 

With some more time to study it, and the help of the internet, I quickly ascertained that I’d bought a book of spells. In truth I didn’t know such things actually existed and Googling what appeared to be its title got me nowhere. I kept the book for a long time without doing anything with it. I would occasionally take it down and translate a few of the page headings and laugh at the idea of people actually sitting around painting the floor, lighting candles and uttering silly incantations as though anything would happen. When I was kid, I went to a friend’s house one halloween to play with a Ouija board. I found the whole thing hilarious. There was a group of us there, all gathered round his kitchen table in the dark, save for a few tea lights his mum had found in the cupboard above the fridge. One of the kids there had lost a sister. Nothing he could remember, she had been born a couple years after him and never saw her first birthday, but his parents told him about her. When the time came, I helped the ring move around the board to spell out her name and answer his questions. It was cruel, really, but I was fourteen and the kid was genuinely spooked. That about sums up my experiences with the occult. I liked the book more as a curio to keep on my shelf than anything. I thought it was cool there was no information on it anywhere online. Plus it came in handy for a few costume parties. 

The night in question, the one with the lemon, I’d been out with some friends. The plan had been to just have a few beers, but that quickly turned into a few more and at some point someone starting passing a joint around. I got in just after three and stumbled my way to the freezer looking for something to eat. Pizza in the oven, I took a beer from the fridge and fell onto the sofa. I saw the book and decided that was the night I was going to try one of these things out. I started flipping through the pages, trying to focus on the pencil notes I’d made with translations. I stopped as soon as I saw the word ‘demon’. That had to be the one to try, right? I wasn’t about to sit there and translate the whole page, so I just chucked it all into Google to see what I needed to do.

As it turned out, my imaginings of drawn symbols and blood sacrifices were inaccurate. There was simply a lot of incantations to be read aloud. The book recommended drinking water before hand, but that was about it. I took a swig of beer and got to work. I practiced some of the trickier words a few times and my first attempts saw me tripping over the language. Eventually, though, I got through the whole passage. There was a moment of silence before a piercing shriek sounded. It was my fire alarm. I had forgotten about the damn pizza, which was now burnt black with smoke billowing from the oven. I opened the kitchen window and grabbed a towel from the bathroom to dispel the smoke. Once I’d got the alarm the stop I went back to living room where the book was still open on the coffee table. And next to it, almost incandescent through the smoke, a lemon. I started giggling and picked the lemon up. It was real, far as I could tell. Smelt like a lemon, anyway. So yeah, like I said, I put the lemon to one side and immediately went back to the book. I went through the spell a few more times, but nothing happened. I tried the next page and still got nothing. Eventually I gave up, put the lemon on the kitchen side and went to bed with the sun shining through my window. 

I slept until the afternoon the next day and woke up with a splitting headache. The lemon was still there on the kitchen side. Obviously, I suppose, it wasn’t going to move. I put it in the fruit bowl and settled on the sofa and put the TV on. The room was a mess but it would have to wait until tomorrow. As for the lemon, I assumed I must have taken it from the kitchen for some reason and forgot it was there. It’s not like I could have summoned a lemon. I put it out of my mind and decided it best not to tell anyone about my failed dabbling in the occult. I had summoned the fires of hell to burn a Chicago Town into cinder. 

The lemon stayed in the fruit bowl a while. I don’t know how long. Looking back, I suppose it was probably longer than you’d expect a lemon to stay fresh for, but I took no notice of it at the time. I was cooking one evening and the recipe called for the juice from half a lemon. I had pretty much forgotten about the whole thing until I picked it up. I laughed at myself and chopped the lemon in half and started juicing it into a glass, at the same time reading ahead the next few steps of the recipe. When I looked back at what I was doing, I saw I had a full glass of lemon juice. A half-pint of juice from one half lemon didn’t seem right. What’s more, the lemon appeared to be good as new, firm and apparently full of juice. Perhaps most people would drop what they doing to investigate such an occurrence, but I really was extremely hungry, so I went on cooking and left the lemon on the side to look at later.

I ate in front of the television and when I took my dishes back into the kitchen, I noticed something else strange. On the side, where I’d left the two distinctly un-juiced lemon halves, there now sat one whole lemon. As you might imagine, my first thought was to doubt my sanity. Had I imagined cutting the lemon in half and juicing it into the glass? I opened the dishwasher and found the glass I had used was there and sure enough, there was the residue of lemon juice staining the bottom. Not to mention the meal I’d just eaten, in which the citrus influence of the lemon had come through fresh and strong. I halved the lemon again and began juicing both halves. I placed the halves into their own bowls and pressed my palms down into them. Juice squirted from each half and after some time I found myself with two full bowls of lemon juice and two totally unaffected lemon halves. I poured the juice down the sink and repeated three more times. After I was done, I estimated I had extracted nearly six pints of juice from a single lemon and yet both halves were still completely in tact, a bright white ring of pith round the perimeter, the segments firm and glistening yellow. I couldn’t figure it out. I put the two halves down in a bowl and went back to the television, though I couldn’t focus on the show. When the episode ended I rushed back into the kitchen to find one whole, uncut lemon sitting in the same bowl. I leaned back against the sink and stared at the lemon for a long time. Then I picked up the knife and the sliced the lemon in half, then in half again and then each quarter in half again so I had eight equal sized wedges. I left them in the bowl and went out and did something I hadn’t done in three years: bought a pack of cigarettes. 

I sat and smoked in my car for a couple hours. I had the radio on but I wasn’t listening to it. I had gone through a McDonald’s drive-thru and was now sitting in the car park, my order untouched on the passenger seat. I would occasionally light a new cigarette and leave it hanging in my mouth until it burned down and I felt the heat on my lip. I stared out through the windscreen at the Golden Arches and all I could see was the outline of two lemons high above me. I realised I was scared to go home. I thought about the lemon which I had no doubt had put itself together again on my kitchen counter and the thought sent a shiver through me. I eventually made myself turn the engine over and head home.