For an immortal time is of no consequences, or so we thought. We've seen civilisations rise and fall, empires turned to forgotten dust. History went through cycles and we fed through all of it. 

The industrial revolution led us to our Golden age, our livestock was endless. We particularly cherished what they referred to as the 90's, always a junkie that society wouldn't miss. The red nectar was plentiful, we were high on life, unstoppable. Or so we thought...

We broke the code, we allowed our existence to be known. At first we considered it of no importance, they were cattle, a snack on the go. 
History caught up with us, not even a century later the world we dominated fought us back to the brink of extinction.

BAM  ! BAM  !

This will be our last stand.

From predator we became prey. It didn't happened all at once. We had slipped up in the past, but the dead couldn't talk and rumors turned to legends and fantasies. The internet changed that. Within 24 hours, we were not a story told to scare children anymore. We were a world wide threat. 
They united, but we still had the upper hand. Not everyone can keep themselves safe, and access to subsistance was trickier but quite affordable. 

Two decades later they develop what they referred to as "the vaccine" not sure what it was but it sure made their blood undrinkable, rotten, deprived of any nutritional values, we might as well been drinking bile. 

BAM ! BAM !

For the first time, our survival was on the line. It wasn't an inconvenience anymore, so we fought back. We successfully synthetized a supplement, nothing compared to the real thing but it would do the trick. 

Once they acquired their first defence, the humans switched to offence. Everyday when the sun was bright they would go on a hunt, busting all possible hidings open. Our numbers grew thinner, we needed to replenish. It was decided to turn as many of them as possible, an extreme measure for desperate circumstances. We did regain the upper hand, only for a little while.

BAM! BAM!

The balance of power switched again, the daywalkers started to enhanced themselves, metal arteries, robotic arms with built in weaponry. Soon we were losing one on one combats. 

The fall from the top of the food chain is brutal. We had lost the war, they were hunting us for sports.
We had to play our last card, an immortal ultimate ally is time. 
Time will erase history.
We decided to recede in the shadows, until we become rumors, legends, fantasies again.

I'm the keeper of den 28, this will be my last entry, they are coming for us, they will rip us apart. Our time has come to an end.

BAM!