"Your nurse told me you can understand words now, is that right?" asked a woman in a white coat. She walked closer, maintaining a benign smile to offset the expectant blue stare she cast my way.

At some point it occurred to me that she had asked me a question. Frantically, I tried to remember how to deal with those. Eventually I managed enough of a shrug to constitute a reply.

"Wow! So much progress! I'm proud of you!" Her stare was strong enough to pin me to the bed, but her eyes were a mire of deceit. She must have sensed my suspicion, as she followed with, "This is actually good luck for you. The mines are already shut down, and most of the workers have been transferred to other recovery wards. Stop me if you remember me telling you this before."

I had no reason to stop her. Another shrug should do it.

She adjusted her glasses and turned to the next page on her clipboard. "Well, even though your compensation will pay for another . . . forty months of intensive rehabilitation, you're unofficially slated for--" She exchanged a nervous look with a man in scrubs, preparing medical instruments behind her. "I might as well tell you, since you'll have forgotten this conversation in a few hours. The owners have decided not to transfer any Unresponsives to the new facility. It's lucky you've started recovering now, since we'll be closed by the end of the year. The owners had their ethics committee release a statement just last month, officially condoning the termination of Unresponsives. As a doctor, I find this . . . Well, I'll keep my opinions to myself. I love my job."

"Of course you do," the man in scrubs retorted, "It's the only job that doesn't land you in one of these beds for most of your life."

I must look perpetually confused, because this doctor feels the need to explain everything to me. "Us doctors and nurses are forbidden from sacrificing our memories. We use Healers to do magic in emergencies, but that gets expensive, so most of the work falls on us. But with what I've seen in these facilities, I wouldn't give up my memories for the world."

She went silent for a while, her back to me, contemplating the remains of the mine outside the dirty window. "On the other hand, it can be a burden sometimes. To know the real reason why you all waste your memories boring great holes in the mountain and sifting through the rubble. Do you know how unfair it is?"

Shrug.

Does that make you the lucky one? Huh. How about your teeth. Do you remember the operation?

My tongue felt around. All gums and a few empty sockets. Had it been that way all along?

"It's for the better. You were in the Screaming Ward three full weeks following. I even have nightmares about it. You don't?"

I tried my best to say no, but then I caught the nurse sending her a discreet nod. He told her, as formally as possible, "This patient wakes up three or four times a night, requiring a change of sheets each morning. The violence of the tremors renders a bedpan ineffective."

"The smell is enough to remind me, Lee. Oh, dear God, that smell. No offense, of course." She looked at me.

I shrugged again, which she took as permission to continue.

"It's not just the smell of soiled sheets, no. It's death. Death and sadness and frustration! I tell you, when the Covenant comes, I don't care, I'm joining!"

The nurse looked shocked. I continued to look confused. Also, I think I soiled myself.

The woman sat on the edge of my bed, removing her glasses to wipe her eyes. She leaned in close, hushed, excited, fearful and a little sad. "One day there will be enough of us, if we all give up our memories, we can do it. It's illegal, of course, but that won't matter once it's done. You know what I'm saying? You can help too, if you save up memories starting today! We're going to put an end to it!

The nurse backed out of the room, intent on not hearing the doctor. The doctor spoke faster: "They won't be untouchable after that. No-one will live in those stupid towers without stairs, because no-one will have the power to buy off gravity with their slaves' memories! It'll be just like fantasy times, back when the laws of physics worked the same for rich and poor alike! When anyone had the power to shape their own destiny! I tell you, it's possible! Imagine a world without magic! Do you think it can happen?"

I knew she cared a lot about this stuff, but I wasn't exactly up with current events. I had more pressing matters leaking unpleasantly down my thighs, filling me with nausea and embarrassment. I caught the woman's attention with the only word I knew:

"Depends."