(I changed it to her wanting a reindeer, since I felt it fit the theme of Christmas/my story better.)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Marty awoke to the tickling chill of a gusting breeze. Floorboards creaked as the treehouse swayed, and moonlight probed through the window, sending shadows scampering into the corners.

Marty smiled slightly, his arm draped over Carol's shoulder. They had drifted off to sleep in the tree house, along with Carol's daughter—Marty's step-daughter, Grace. Christmas was coming again. Last year, the tree house itself had been Grace's gift.

This year, though, she'd been going on about wanting a reindeer. How Marty would find one of those, so close to the holiday was beyond him. But he wasn't one to give up without a fight. After all, his particular *skills* were suited for just such an assignment.

Last night, the small family had been sipping hot cocoa, and telling Christmas stories when they'd drifted off up here.

He lifted his arm from Carol and turned towards Grace's side of the boxcar.

His smile faded.

Grace was missing. She wasn't on the beanbag beneath the window where he'd left her. Her blankets were bunched up at the base of the window sill. Marty thought of how Grace had been acting last night. Normally she spent Christmas Eve asking for all sorts of extra presents and goodies stuffed in her stocking. Last night, though, she'd only asked for one thing: a reindeer. Beyond that, she hadn't seemed to want anything else.

There was a thud suddenly, from the direction of the house, followed by mumbled sound of words through wood. Marty didn't recognize the voice. His skin prickled and felt suddenly very cold.

Marty struggled to his feet and raced to the trapdoor. He slid down the ladder into the backyard, and sprinted towards the screen door. It was open a crack. He hotfooted into the living room, where the fireplace was located, fists raised. Then, he spotted the source of the commotion.

Grace was there, which allowed Marty to relax, but only for a moment until he spotted the room's other occupant.

A large, red-suited person with a long white beard was lying on the ground, rolling about and growling. Marty noted that this person's hands were tied, and their feet were ensnared by a lasso dangling form the ceiling. A lasso that belonged in Marty's monster hunting gear.

“Grace, what is this?” Marty said slowly, staring at the unusual scene. “Who is this guy?”

Grace turned sharply at his voice. She hesitated for a moment, caught somewhere between guilt and pride, but then his six year old step daughter beamed and flashed a thumbs up. “Look Marty,” she said, pointing at the dangling genie. “I caught Santa!”

It took Marty nearly ten seconds to comprehend what she was saying. “You...” he stared at Grace. “You...” His gaze shifted to the red-suited, large genie.

He glanced at the sack on the floor, just inside he glimpsed wrapping paper and bows.

“His reindeer and sleigh are outside,” said Grace, pointing towards the front door.

Marty stared for another ten seconds as everything started crashing in. He actually reached down and pinched himself. It hurt. Not a dream then.

His wife's daughter had captured Santa Claus.

She had shown an interest in his work that hadn't been there before over the last couple of weeks. Now, he knew why. “How did you capture that phoenix in Brussels?” she had asked. “How do you snare something with legs, without hurting it?” He'd answered her questions, flattered that she'd been taking an interest in his unusual career. Now, though, he wished he hadn't said a word.

“Grace?” Marty said, unable to keep the incredulity from his tone. *“WHY* did you trap Santa?”

Grace shrugged. “I want one of his reindeer."

“You want one of his...” Marty just trailed off, staring at his step daughter in disbelief.

“He has twelve,” Grace said, defensively. “He can spare one. They're always dragging his big heavy sleigh around in the sky. I bet they're scared and frightened half the time. Imagine only being let out of the North Pole once a year. They have to fly all over the world in *one* night,” Grace said, glaring at the upside down genie. “It's a mercy none of them die!”

“You're trying to liberate a reindeer?" said Marty, unable to completely believe the words coming from his own mouth. “That's why you kidnapped Santa?”

At this point, Santa Claus began kicking and thrashing, causing the rope anchoring him to the ceiling to spin around. Santa's beard was obscuring his face for the most part, but Marty caught a glimpse of a pudgy nose and flushed cheeks.

“Grace, let him down,” Marty said sternly. “Now.”

Grace crossed her arms across her small chest.

“I'm serious, or I'll go wake your mother!”

“She's snoring and drank the stuff in the small bottle last night,” said Grace defiantly. “You won't be able to.”

This was true. Carol had sampled the sherry last night. Waking her would be a true pain in the keister. By the look of things, though, Marty had more than one pain to worry about.

Marty frowned and strode across the kitchen to peer out the window towards the tree house. There was no movement. Also, parked against the back fence was something he hadn't notice in his haste to enter the house: a majestic, intricately crafted sleigh, complete with gold trim designs and bells. Also, there were twelve reindeer harnessed to the sleigh who were grazing and drinking from the coy pond. The back of the sleigh was weighed down with sacks upon sacks of presents.

Marty stared again, the whole thing was just so surreal. He shook his head slightly and turned back to the kitchen.

“Look,” he said, “The reindeer look happy. See, that one at the front with the big red nose--”

“His name is Rudolph,” said Grace.

“Yes, well, exactly. Rudolph is eating grass. He's happy. Now let Santa down. I'll get you your own for Christmas. I thought you wanted a unicorn anyway.”

(continued in replies, it got kind of long.)

&#x200B;
***
&#x200B;

If you liked that, you might like more at r/josephdanielauthor