The living room of a Brooklyn Brownstone was infested with lit candles. Some had melted onto the leather couches and others covered family photos in wax. The lights were turned off and the curtains closed. The round, solid wood coffee table was pushed to the side to make space. In the center of the room, a nearly complete pentagram (drawn in type O negative blood) was drawn. Michael dipped his paint brush into the mason jar of his neighbor’s blood while holding a leather-bound book, found at a Goodwill, in his other hand. He finished the pentagram and smiled. At each vertex, Michael painted symbols from the book; the letters or characters were from a language he did not recognize.
“Candles…check. Blood of a virgin…check. Badass pentagram…check.” Rereading the portion of the book he understood, Michael simulated the procedure in his mind. 

Michael stood near the pentagram, facing the curtains. He took a deep breath and exhaled. He began to chant the phrases described in the tome. Despite admitting to himself that whatever written was most likely not a human language, he couldn’t help but feel embarrassed for butchering the pronunciation.

“Baro ba-bari?” Michael glanced at the book again. *I hope that’s how you say it*, he thought. “Sheta-hala! Sarkomis et-nu? Dregoddol, Dregoddol, Dregoddol.”

The room dimmed. The candles extinguished themselves. The only light available was from the glowing pentagram. A low hum resonated from the blood. Suddenly, the hard wood floor beneath the pentagram gave way revealing an opening. The portal was a deep crimson. Screams and wails echoed from its red maw. Heat like that of a thousand furnaces was expelled; Michael took the handkerchief from his blazer and dabbed his forehead.
 
Two large hands, nearly the size of Michael’s torso, protruded from the portal. Each bright red finger had a sharp, black nail. They reached for the hardwood floor and gripped. To Michael’s dismay, the nails scratched deeply into hardwood floor. The rest of the body shot through. The demon, miscalculating the room it had, slammed its back into the ceiling.

“What the fuck, dude?  Be more careful! I can’t afford to fix that right now. You already fucked my up my hardwood floor, don’t fuck with the ceiling” shouts Michael. “How do I explain to my grandma-”

 “Silence puny mortal,” growled the demon. It stood hunched over, nearly twice Michael’s size. “Was it you who summoned me?

“Depends, are you Dregodddol?”

“Yes… that is one of my many names.” Dregoddol leered at Michael. Two small lights, deep in the recesses of the creature’s eye sockets, flickered. Its horns scratched at the ceiling. “What is it that you desire?”

“Oh, haha, yeah… well you see I didn’t call you because I wanted something from you. I just thought this book wasn’t going to work. And I thought if it did, well then… ya know, I’d ask you a couple questions.”

“Certainly. But Michael, you did not go through all this trouble just to ask me questions, correct? You did not kill Graham and collected his blood simply for a chat? Or risk the possibility of your grandmother walking in onto you talking to me.”

*Fuck. He’s right. Get out of my head, fucker*. Michael thought.*You know I won’t do that, Michael*. Dregoddol’s word bounced in his mind.

“Ha-ha… okay. Well, now that you mention it. Yeah, I could strike a deal or two.”

Dregoddol smiled, revealing sharp teeth. “So tell me, what is it that you desire? Riches beyond your imagination? Fame? Glory? Women? Men? For me to fix the hard wood floors?”

Michael nervously laughed.

“Well firstly, welcome to my crib! I didn’t want to come off as rude or anything. I dunno if demons drink anything, but if you want anything just let me know. Before we go any further, I just want to clarify some things.” Michael cleared his throat. He stared at Dregoddol with the poker face he had practiced in the mirror hours earlier. “When referring to the word ‘I’, that will refer to Michael William Thompson – myself. The term ‘Deal’ shall describe the situation by which I accept your services in exchange for my immortal soul. The term ‘demon’ and ‘demons’ refers to you, Dregoddol, and other entities like you. The word ‘we’ references you and I. If there is, for whatever reason, another party member to appear, like my grandma for example, said member will disclose their identity and the word “we” will be amended accordingly. Do you agree?”

The demon’s smile faded. Dregoddol stared into Michael’s eyes, pondering what the human might be up to. “Yes, I agree.”

Michael pulled out a document from his dress pants and read it aloud. “I, Michael William Thompson, current use,r hereby acknowledge and agree that the Service provided and made available through the Book of the Damned, which may include various other demonic services such as possession, fabricating material wealth and influence, spawning plagues, inflecting mental disease, changing the past, present or future, and physical deformities and that said services may be made available through other demons, are the sole property of [ENTER DEMON- I mean, Dregoddol. Furthermore, I understand and acknowledge that the Services offered shall be ‘AS IS’ and as such Dregoddol shall not assume any responsibility for any pain, misery, wars, economic collapse, famine that the mentioned Services could cause.”

“What are you doing?” asked Dregoddol.

“Reading the terms of service out loud to you. You know, so that if you or me disagree on anything we can fix it now.”

“Uhuh…” The demon folded its arms and listened closely.

“Dregoddol herein grants the user, Michael William Thompson, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive rights to make use of previously mentioned Services, as long as I do not, and shall not, allow any third party to alter or modify said Service after a Deal has been agreed upon. Furthermore, I will not, and shall not, alter or change conditions of said Deal after it has been agreed upon. 

“The terms of the Deal are as follows: In exchange for the soul of Michael William Thompson, Degroddol the Demon will provide the following: a) Remove said user’s need to perform certain biological functions at the user’s discretion such as sleep or defecation b) Provide material wealth at the user’s discretion so that should said user wish to forfeit career or jobs, said user would be able to do so without the scorn of his peers, family members (Ex: Grandma) and society c) Style user’s hair (including facial) in any color imaginable and grow hair (including facial) to the specified length at the user’ discretion, instantaneously d) Access to all knowledge known by humans and demons with the provided warning labels should such information cause bouts of insanity e) Safe use of teleportation (as described by modern science fiction, not quantum mechanics) to locations determined by said user f) Immortality as described by user And!”

Michael took out a sticky note and spoke aloud what he wrote. “g) Fix any damage to user’s property caused by entering and leaving Earth such as hard wood floors and ceilings”

“How does that sound?” asked Michael. He stared at Dregoddol who had been silent, deep in thought.

“I must commend you on your effort, Michael. Those who summon me are often poorly prepared. I agree to said Deal… if you remove condition f),” answered the demon. “How else can I get your soul if you do not die?”

“Okay, okay. That’s true, I can see how that part sounds unfair.” Michael’s mind raced thinking of a loophole and stopped upon remembering that Dregoddol was most definitely listening in. “How about… at fifty-years old, I stop aging and I get a hundred-year grace period. Then anything past that point, I am technically immortal but not invincible. How does that sound?”

Dregoddol’s eyes gleamed. The small lights that gazed upon Michael danced and fluttered. “Deal. Expose your palm.”
Michael held out his palm. The demon pushed the nail of its index finger into the soft flesh and dragged downwards.

“Fuck that hurts,” shouted Michael.

“I will enjoy ripping your soul from your pathetic body, Michael. See you in 120 years.” Dregoddol’s eyes burned brightly as the demon faded into nothingness.

Michael held his bloodied hand and looked around his living room. The ceiling scuffs had been removed. The scratches on the hard wood floors were gone. Candle wax still littered the living room. Michael, who now sported a mustache and goatee, grabbed a napkin and walked to the pentagram on the floor. He rubbed it vigorously only to realize it had stained. “I fucked up.”
