Gerald didn't like being outside. Gerald very much didn't like being outside when it was raining. He hated it when it was dark, and when it was cold, and when he was far away from familiar things. He could get lost easily, and being lost wasn't fun. Larry had been right about that.

Larry... Gerald hadn't seen his brother Larry in a long time. Not the longest time ever - six whole months a few years ago - but a couple weeks was still a long time. Larry usually called him or sent someone by to check on him if he wasn't back by then. That wasn't right. Wasn't that not right?

Gerald stopped walking down the sidewalk so he could think about that. Thinking was hard for Gerald, and people got frustrated with him because of it. That was one of the reasons he didn't like going outside, because there were a lot of people outside in this city. Inside his house it was only Larry, sometimes Larry's friends, sometimes one of the nice people from the government or a charity. They never got mad when Larry took a while to think, they just asked how he was doing, or played games with him, or made him food. One of Larry's friends even taught Gerald how to make food himself! Grilled cheese, though it was in the microwave. Gerald didn't mind.

But Gerald did mind Larry not being around for so long, and he knew it wasn't right. KNEW it wasn't right, he decided. He didn't know how he knew, but he did. Maybe he was finally learning things again. Maybe it meant he could go back to a normal school finally. Gerald had liked the third grade. He wondered if he could start there again. He was a little older now, but maybe the nice people from the government would let him. He could... what did one of Larry's friends say? He could "move forward".

Something about that knocked another thought loose in Gerald's head. Moving forward was why he was out here in the dark cold rainy strange part of the city. Strange to him, but it wasn't strange to Larry. That's what Al had told him. Larry came to this place a lot. In fact it was the last place Larry had been seen, Al said. Al had also said that if Gerald wanted to move forward with finding Larry, he needed to come here, and Al didn't seem like a liar. He even said he wasn't, so that had to count for something. And why would Al lie when he'd given Gerald such a nice present. Well, a strange present, but Gerald thought it was nice in a way. He put his hand in the pocket of his overcoat and ran his hand across it again, feeling the weirdly slick and smooth texture a few times. That part was nice anyway.

Gerald headed down the sidewalk again, remembering the directions Al had given him. He wasn't so good with street signs, or letters, but he remembered shapes and how things connected to one another. He could already make out the market with the triangle shaped logo on the corner of the street, so he turned to his left. There was the alley with the broken fence, just like Al had described it. He headed down that slowly, taking time to set his feet carefully on the rain soaked pavement. He even stopped at every driveway just in case a car might be coming. Larry said that was very important, and how mad would Larry be if Gerald let him down like that while he was trying to find him?

After a while the alley met with another alley. Gerald turned left and kept going until he saw the tree with the tricycle stuck in it. He laughed, even though he was cold and feeling kind of uncomfortable: Al had said it was in the tree, but he didn't think he meant IN the tree. It was like it was part of the tree. How did they do that? No wonder Al had told him he could look at it for a few minutes if he wanted to, but only a few minutes. Gerald did... his best. Ten counted as a few, right?

Finally Gerald got to the last part of the directions. He turned around towards where the tricycle wheel was pointing and looked down the row of small buildings there. Three buildings back he saw a bright blue tarp over a bunch of old car parts. That was where Al said Larry had gone. For some reason Gerald couldn't feel the rain anymore. He barely noticed that, or how he'd put his right hand in his pocket again to feel the present Al had given him. He kept doing that as he walked to the building.

Gerald was very quiet as he walked down the road. Al had told him he should be. It was late and people might be sleeping, and waking them up wouldn't be nice. Gerald hadn't realized people would sleep in buildings like these, ones full of car parts and big barrels and shipping containers and all sorts of business things, but Gerald didn't go outside much. Besides, Al wasn't a liar. It must be true. Maybe that was why Al had told him to go around the back of the building instead of the front. Maybe that was how people who lived in these buildings like--

"Pinch-ass mother forker," was what Gerald thought he heard, though he couldn't be sure. His head really hurt right now, and one of his ears wasn't hearing so good. He reached up to touch it and then realized he was on the ground. When had that happened? He went to move his right arm, the one he wasn't laying on, when someone else grabbed it and started pulling him along the ground. It hurt, but it kind of felt nice, too. Gerald missed getting horsey rides from people.

Whoever was dragging him was pulling him inside the building, so Gerald let them. It wasn't raining inside and it wasn't as cold, and that was better than outside. He didn't understand why the person dragging him along kept muttering about forks though. Then it got even stranger when the person stopped dragging him and started trying to go through Gerald's pockets. "STOP IT," Gerald said in his firmest voice. Then his head suddenly hurt again, but Gerald recognized this now: he was being hit. That wasn't okay. "HITTING IS NOT OKAY," he shouted as he pushed himself to his feet and shoved the guy who was doing the hitting. He'd thought he was being nice by pulling him inside the building after Gerald tripped, but this wasn't nice. This wasn't nice at all!

"Pinch, I will beat your motheAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH," the man screamed suddenly. That scared Gerald, who screamed back at him just as loudly. Apparently that made the man scream louder and back away, reaching for something on one of the toolbenches nearby, something sharp. Gerald screamed again, because he didn't like sharp things, which he already knew, and really didn't like them being held by screaming people, which was something he had only just learned.

"You're dead, mother forker," the man screamed.

"No I'm not!" Gerald was unsure of some things, but he knew he wasn't dead at least.

"I forking killed you, pinch, why won't you stay dead?!"

That made no sense to Gerald. He didn't like it when people said things he didn't understand, because a lot of the time it meant they were making fun of him, especially if they were calling him something other than his name. He didn't know what the rest of that meant, but it sounded like this guy was calling him 'pinch'. That wouldn't do. Gerald drew in a deep breath, balled his hands at his side, and shouted as loud as he could, "MY NAME'S NOT PINCH, IT'S GERALD!"

The man started to respond, but stopped mid-word. He wasn't screaming anymore, so that was good. Then his expression started to change, going from scared to surprise to confusion. "Gerald? You-- you're Gerald?"

"That's my name," Gerald said firmly.

"Larry's brother, Gerald? The du-- uh, well... you're his brother, right?" 

The man had set the sharp thing down on the toolbench, which made Gerald feel better. He decided to nod at the man, which then made him feel worse. His head sure hurt.

The man laughed, a big laugh, a big happy laugh. Somehow Gerald didn't feel like laughing with him, or even smiling. That was weird. "Shift, I heard Larry had a brother, but you look just like him."

"Larry says I'm the handsome brother," Gerald replied, because Larry did.

The man laughed again. "Bet he did. Now why the hell you come out here?"

Gerald hesitated. Something about the way this man talked made him feel nervous. "To... find Larry," he said finally.

"Oh? Oh to find him? And you just brought this along to help you look?" The man had been holding one arm behind him, and as he spoke brought it out to show Gerald what he held in his hand. Gerald got very angry.

"That's my present! GIVE IT BACK," he shouted as he lunged forward and reached for the small red-and-black drake the man now held in his hand. Red was one of Gerald's least favorite colors. He would have much preferred a present that was blue or maybe yellow. But this was a present, and he treasured all of his presents, even the ones he didn't understand fully.

The man backed up out of Gerald's reach and picked up the sharp thing again, swinging it at Gerald's direction. It was far away, but Gerald still stopped moving closer. "Yo, back the fork up," the man said in a voice Gerald didn't like at all with an expression he really didn't like. Then it was gone a moment later, back to smiles. Gerald still didn't like those smiles. Gerald didn't know why. Maybe he was messing up. He remembered Larry's advice for when he got overwhelmed: figure out what you need and say it clearly.

"I need my present back and I need to find Larry!"

The man didn't laugh this time, but he almost did. He also stared at Gerald in a strange way for a moment. "Mother forker, Larry's d--" The man stopped talking suddenly as another strange expression took over his face. Gerald really disliked that one, and he really disliked what the man had been starting to say. Gerald didn't know a lot of words that began with d, but he knew a few. He didn't like a lot of them, one of them in particular.

"Where's Larry?!" Gerald shouted. Please don't be that word, please don't be that word. "I NEED TO FIND LARRY! WHERE'S LARRY!?"