Deirdre startled awake, hand on her shoulder and someone's face far, far too close to her own. Her senses returned, and she heaved a sigh, relieved it was nothing more than her friend, Chandra. The half-orc had a single finger held against her lips, eyeing their unwanted 'companion', a Drow who refused to go by anything less than Lady Sunchaser. Deirdre nodded and sat up.

"What is it? My turn?" She whispered, bleary eyes unhappy with the offensively bright fire. The fourth and final member of their party was still meditating, caramel skin tinged even further by the fire, giving her skin a glow and her yellow jacket a shine.

"No, not yet, but you have to see this." Chandra replied, giddy and grinning ear to ear. Deirdre smirked to herself and crawled fully from her covers. Chandra never smiled like that; it showed her tusks, and she knew it. Deirdre was happy to see it though.

"What is it?" She asked, letting Chandra lead her back towards her own bedding.

"You'll see." Chandra assured, voice straining against what Deirdre assumed was excitement. What could possibly have gotten dear Chandra so worked up?

Deirdre gasped when she spotted them. Pixies. Tiny beings, known for their mischief and pranks. They were huddled under a fern, whispering amongst themselves, seemingly just as excited. Chandra knelt beside the fern, gesturing for Deirdre to follow suit. The pixies had all come a tad closer, stars in their eyes. They wore tiny wooden armor and carried minuscule weapons. One stood out immediately; he wore a bright yellow jacket, a black shirt underneath that was short enough to expose his midriff. Black pants and yellow boots with little wooden plate armor on them. He was dressed like Mask! Deirdre spotted a small mask on his hip, painted black just like Mask's. Another wore wooden plate mail, painted black, just like Sunchaser's. One wore miniature leathers, and had green paint smeared across her face.

Deirdre gasped again when she realized the final one carried a needle, given a guard to mimic a lance. He was dressed like her!

"What-" Deirdre stuttered.

"They're fans!' Chandra blurted, smiling wide.

"We've been following you. Your adventures are incredible, and we love your dynamics, your characters." The pixie dressed as Mask stepped up. Deirdre was at a loss for words.

"They've made little costumes of us, and they even wrote stories about us. They wanted to tell me, but I just had to get you first." Chandra explained. Deirdre laughed, wincing after the first bark, hoping she hadn't woken the Drow. A flash of yellow at her right, in addition to startling her again, told her Mask had come to see what the fuss was about. She looked just as bewildered as Deirdre felt. Chandra signed to the human, who did a double take before signing back. The pixies were ecstatic, watching the signs like hawks. Deirdre didn't understand any of it, so she leaned close to the pixies and hesitantly offered a finger.

"Deirdre Aberwell. I guess you already knew that." She chuckled. The pixies dressed as Mask took her finger in his hands and grinned.

"Always nice to have a proper introduction. I'm Iz. Here we have Pif, Nim, and Sed." He introduced, gesturing to each in turn. Pif was Chandra, Nim was herself, and Sed was Sunchaser.

"It's, uh, nice to meet you. I mean, it is nice, I'm just... surprised. I didn't think anyone knew who we were, let alone were so... excited about us, I suppose." Deirdre tried, half-smiling. Chandra offered a finger, which Iz took as well.

"It's incredible to meet. But you said you wanted to read your stories to us?" Chandra prompted. Iz smiled, turning to his companions.

"Who's going to be the one?" Pif asked.

"I can't." Nim declined, shaking her head. Sed laughed and stepped forward. He even had what looked like a thread wig to mimic Sunchaser's silver hair.

"I'll read 'em. They're... we've taken some liberties with them, so please don't worry about inconsistencies." He warned before pulling out a tiny book.

He told the tale of when the four had managed to infiltrate an invading force's conquered outpost. Liberties was a bit of an understatement. In their version, Deirdre and Sunchaser had fearlessly charged in, Mask in hot pursuit, while Chandra stuck to the shadows and scouted. The fights were glamorous, with blows bouncing off armor and arrows snatched from the sky. Deirdre was wounded, and Chandra had managed to get the half-elf to safety. In their version, Chandra and herself were secret lovers. Sunchaser was mean, rude, but she had a big heart. Mask was accurate; silent, supportive, and lightning quick. The final fight between Mask, Sunchaser, and the invaders' leader began as a duel, but he played dirty, prompting Sunchaser to leap selflessly to Mask's defense.

Deirdre, as much as she appreciated their love, their enthusiasm, felt worse and worse as it went. They portrayed her as this brave, heroic warrior who always had a trick from her commoner's background up her sleeve. They got the injury right, but they told it as Deirdre fighting on until she'd won before having to be helped walk away from the fighting. In reality, the second she was hit she'd gone down, and Chandra had been forced to drag her away. In reality, Sunchaser was bigoted, cruel, tongue like so many daggers, and had even claimed she'd let them all die if it suited her. There was no kindness or altruism. And lovers? Deirdre did her best to hide her blush as discreet as would be allowed. At least it was still dark out.

By the end of it, the three who weren't telling the story had begun reenacting the scenes. It was a flattering and, honestly, quite impressive display. The three adventurers clapped as the pixie troupe bowed, smiles all around. Then the quiet of the night was shattered by the Drow's loud, clear voice.

"What are you fools playing at? It's not been an hour since my shift and you're making this much noise?" She lay into us, leering. We were silent, and she took that as defiance. She stomped across the camp to tower over us, and noticed the pixies as she neared.

"And what in the hells are those things doing here? Gods, don't tell me you're making more 'friends'. We have enough with the damned fox." She growled. She shoved Deirdre aside and stepped up next to the pixies, raising a foot.

"Don't you dare!" Deridre shouted. Sunchaser froze, fixing a harsh sneer on her, then gouged the earth with her heel, thrashing the fern. The tense moment that followed might have been time itself reacting in horror. Sunchaser huffed and walked back to her bedroll.

"All of you who aren't on watch go to sleep. Now." She demanded. Deirdre flicked a glance at the other two. Mask was visibly restraining herself, but Chandra was smirking off into the forest. Deirdre followed her gaze and spotted Iz waving from a bush. Chandra pointed him out to Mask, who practically melted. The trio waved back, and the pixies vanished into the shrubs. Mask returned to meditating, and Deirdre laid back down. Chandra sat on her bedroll just a foot away, copying Mask's pose.

"That was heartwarming." She whispered. Deirdre nodded.

"Surprising. But a good surprise." She replied, even if her feelings were mixed. Finally she drifted off to sleep, dreams lingering on the kiss she'd shared with Chandra in the story.