I must be going crazy, I've seen this man everywhere,  as long as I can remember he's been following me, taking notes. I tried to convince myself differently but he always matched the same description. Tall, dark hair, clean shaven, bluish grey business suit, briefcase and those piercing, almost inhuman bright green eyes. 

I've tried talking to him, asking him what's up, why he's following me, hell I've even cussed him out, but he never responds, not so much as a change in expression. He just writes down everything I say or do in what looks like the cuneiform I studied back in my MIT days. 

Today he's different, he's not following me as per usual... People can actually see him today and what's weirder, he's talking to them. 

I try to ignore him and get on with my day, important work to do, a red letter day as my boss puts it. But I just... I can't... I saw him with every single one of my superiors... All of them talking about something, and just always out of earshot, it's infuriating. 

But again, calm cool and collected. Big day, big experiment. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING can go wrong. 

So, fast forward a bit and I'm in my hazmat suit, ready to go, I open up the airlock into the containment room and there he is, just standing there. 

He looks at me, says in the weirdest of accents "Thank-you" and just walks away. He turns from me, takes a couple of steps and what I can only describe as a doorway opens up in front of him. 

He's not getting away from me that easy, I take off after him and just as the door is about to close I make it in with him. 

What I saw around me didn't make sense, floating Islands and a purple sky? Strange plants with glowing tips? All of it so alien, so strange. 

I turn to look at my follower but before I can say anything I get caught in his piercing gaze. "How... Disappointing." he whispers. 

I don't remember what happened after that, all I know is I woke up on a train headed to parts unknown with his familiar voice in my head

"Wake up Mr. Freeman, wake up and smell the ashes" 


