It was hard coming up with new ways to kill Hitler for sport. It always has been. How is one supposed to balance the sadism of sport murder, the glee of killing Hitler, and the creativity to impress a panel of judges. 

The first bunch of victors had used the classic time travel cliches and paradoxes. Killing his parents, killing him as a child, making his death look like the historic suicide that it was, and other things like that. After the judges grew tired of this the next group tended to be those that focused on historical events, most were fixing botched assassination attempts or killing him at famous speeches. And after this comes to where we are in the competition right now, the absurdist deaths. These murders became the most popular starting six years ago. The debut of the absurdist death came when an absolute genius decided to kill him by dropping him off a cliff Wile E Coyote style, scream and everything.

Ever since the absurdist deaths started becoming popular I knew that if I were to win, I'd have to do something over the top. The problem I had was that I was burdened with being Jewish. I just couldn't bring myself to kill him in a goofy way. 

I looked back at previous victors, looking for what had worked, if there was a secret to winning the judges over. I saw nothing specific other than the basic history of the competition that I just mentioned. Then, I noticed something, not about the murders, but about the murderers. I know this sounds like it's from a bad coming of age movie, but I saw that the victorious murders had just done what they did best. Writers used the time travel cliches to win, historians used historical events to, and comedians used humor to win. 

So what did I have going for me? Well, I was Jewish. However, this was nothing new, comedians had taken over recently and comedy has been lousy with Jews for hundreds of years. I've always had a proclivity for for writing, I wouldn't be writing this otherwise. The only thing I seemed to have was my knowledge of previous competitions. So I decided to do something a little different, more drawn out, and a mix of different styles.

I first thing I did was find a time when Hitler was alone with a single Gestapo. I ambushed the two, I killed the officer for his uniform and gun and I captured the defenseless Hitler. I took him to a remote location and knocked him unconscious. I removed his famous mustache and hair, but saved them. They would be important later. I changed him into the clothes I had been wearing and I put on the Gestapo uniform.

The next step was to take him to the most famous camp of all, Auschwitz. He woke up in the sleeping quarters of Auschwitz very shocked. The first thing he saw was the Gestapo's gun with a note attached. It said 'This gun is for you and you only. You can use it on yourself or you will not use it at all. The choice is yours, will you use it or not?' in German. He grabbed the gun and immediately pointed it at the other prisoners, screaming that he was Hitler, he would not be held here any longer. This woke up not only the prisoners but also the guards. The guards did not take kindly to what appeared to them to be a bald, Jewish prisoner proclaiming that he was Hitler with a gun in his hand. They rushed him. As soon as Hitler saw this I used the time machine to jump in, grab the gun, and teleport back out in the blink of an eye.

He was dragged away to a big truck. One of the variants of the gas showers that the Nazis had was an eighteen-wheeler that just had a pipe connecting the exhaust to the chamber in the back, suffocating all those inside. They threw him in and started the truck. I watched as he suffocated, waiting for the moment where he was about to die and then taking him back to when he woke up less than 30 minutes ago. 

He saw the note, the gun, and where he was. He repeated his first set of actions about eight or nine times. After that he tried acting normally, like he was just another Jew. This seemed to work at first, but I had done my planning. It was the day for his group of prisoners to be gassed. Either way he would die. It took him about thirty more tries to exhaust all of the ideas that he had to escape the Groundhog's Day-esque nightmare scenario that he had been placed in. He had made it to forty three escape failures before waking up on the forty fourth morning and reading the note I had placed on the gun again. He threw the note to the ground and stuck the gun in his mouth.

This was the moment of truth, where I chose to be a winner or a failure. I jumped in, forced Hitler into a time-stasis, and pulled him into the machine. I put his mustache, hair, and uniform back on and took him to the only place that felt right. Back to where he had historically committed suicide. I had captured Hitler, driven him insane, gotten him to the point of suicide, and brought him to the place where he had actually committed suicide. At the time, I had assumed that I won and well, the rest is history.