The cabin was about a half mile outside of town.  It had been abandoned, no river or fields nearby to make it worthwhile.  It had been an old trapper’s cabin but the game had gone from this area a long time ago.  Josef quietly shuffled towards the front door, a small parcel hugged close to his chest.

The door opened before he had even been able to muster the courage to knock.  A woman’s voice, strong and even, came through the cracked portal, “What do you want?”

All the conversation starters Josef had planned came out at once, “I need your help.  I’m sorry to bother you.  I know that you have helped people.  My name is Josef.  This is my daughter.  I’ve heard you know some magic.  My daughter is sick, please help—“

“I’m expecting someone, come in, but be quick.”  The door opened, a small oil lamp was turned up and the dark cabin brightened noticeably.  Josef stepped inside.

“Give her to me.”  The woman reached forward, Josef hesitated.

He was here because he was desperate, but it was still hard to trust the old wood’s witch.  She had a complicated reputation in town.  Healing animals and people, predicting weather, cursing enemies.  He was sure some of both the good and bad were rumors, but he had nowhere else to turn.  He handed the small bundle over, “Please don’t hurt her.”

The woman frowned.  She shook her head and took the baby.  She felt its forehead and then took out a small tool from a bag by her side.  She stuck it in the poor girls ear, the baby screamed.  Josef prayed that he made the right decision, he wanted to run but was too scared he’d be turned into a frog before he got to the door.

“She has a fever. How long has she been sick?”

Josef forgot to answer for a second, he was too busy wondering what flies might taste like, “—Six days, the doctor bled her twice already—“

“Stop that! Don’t do that again, do you promise?”

“Yes Ma’am.”  Josef stared at his feet, unable to watch whatever witchcraft this woman might be performing on his only child.

“She has a temperature.  I need to go, I don’t have time for this.”  The woman glided towards a small cabinet with a curious latch he’d never seen before, she fiddled with the symbols on it before it popped open.  He saw a small orange container with a white top.  She poured the contents into a small leather pouch.

“These are antibi—these are medicine.  Powerful.  Do not tell anyone I gave this to you.  Three times a day, with her meals.  Is she breast feeding?”

“Cows milk, ma’am.  My wife, she died in labor.”

Josef could see the sadness in the woman’s eyes, but she moved on quickly. “Boil the milk.”

“Ma’am?”

“Boil the milk.  And these pills three times a day until they are all gone.  Do you understand?”

“Boiled milk and these pills, three times a day.” Josef had heard the stories, he knew she was crazy, but this was beyond his expectations.

“I’m sorry.  I wish I could do more.  I shouldn’t even be doing this.  I must go.  You must go.  Good luck.”  The woman started pushing him back outside.  

“Thank you.  Thank you so much.”  Josef paused at the door, he turned around deliberately, “She doesn’t have a name yet.  On account of her mother—If you don’t mind, can I ask your name?” Josef thought that maybe an offering would convince the witch to have mercy on his poor daughter.

She hesitated, “Margaret.”

“It’s beautiful.  Family name?” Please let me daughter live, Josef thought.

“My grandmother’s name.  She said her father got it from an old hermit who saved her life when she was a—It's not important, I have to go.“

“Margaret—Maggie.  I hope you’ll get to see little Maggie grow up big and strong.”

A bright light shone in through the window of the cabin.  So bright, Josef thought the sun had risen in the middle of the night.  The witch didn’t seem startled at all.  She sighed and grabbed a small satchel she had next to her chair.

“Unfortunately that won’t be possible.  I need to go back to where I came from.  You can't tell anyone about what I gave you, not even your daughter once she's older. I need you to go now, quickly.”  She stared into Josef’s eyes as if she had more to say, but she just nodded and shuffled towards the backdoor of the cabin.