It hurts to lose someone you love. It hurts more when it's a parent. Even more when you're five years old when it happened and the best explanation your mother can muster is tears she tries to hide and blame she can't hold back. Long ago, she gave up.

Long ago, Billy Summers gave up believing that his father was anything more than a man who'd run from responsibility. Who'd gone out to get milk as an excuse, only to never return and hide himself so well that even the private investigator mom hired couldn't find a trace of him.

Fifty years later, he eased into the battered old armchair in his studio apartment and flicked on the TV. He nursed a beer in one hand and flipped through channels with the other. It was the holiday season. One week before Christmas. Close enough to the holidays for him to feel reasonable taking some vacation time to relax; the stressful cycle of his latest game development project was at an end. The team had done well, he thought.

It was close enough to the holidays, but not close enough. Too far off for the calls to start coming in from mom. Come in from a stray aunt or uncle, wondering what he was up to and saying he should visit more, while never offering an actual date to visit.

It was these days when he heard the silence thrumming in his ears. The silence of a family broken by such a strange event. Some people, he'd heard, came away from grief stronger. They got torn apart, but they learned to cope and became better for it somehow.

Billy never learned to cope. Mom learned to cope by taking up drinking. He could tell that she never could make sense of it in her head; that though she tried to keep the details from him, they slipped out. There was no trouble in the marriage. She'd talked to numerous marriage counselors and all of them agreed that her husband had shown no typical signs of a desire to leave. If anything, his reported behavior showed the opposite, some of them dared to say.

Billy wanted to believe that angle; believe that his father was a good man and maybe something bad happened to him. But all he could find was resentment. The resentment of a five year old who never accepted that his dad left.

Inside his studio apartment, Billy gripped the beer tight and brought it to his lips mechanically. The channel had been sitting on some obnoxious sitcom for some time. He hated sitcoms. He'd been watching one when he heard the news about dad. They were a painful reminder every time he tried to forget.

He clicked the TV off and stared at the blank screen. 

A knocking sound startled him out of his reverie. He got up mechanically, a small part of him hoping that it was a family member visiting early. Maybe they could distract him and drag him out of this funk.

He opened the door without looking through the peephole. It was the holidays and he was in a funk. If anyone was going to try something, more power to them. Maybe the danger would distract him from the pain.

For a moment, he stared at what he thought sure was a mirror. He blinked in the poorly-lit hallway. Perhaps he'd had too much to drink. Perhaps he was dreaming. 

The mirrored version of him spoke.

"Son."

The beer can fell from Billy's grasp and hit the ground, but he couldn't hear it. All he could hear was a pounding in his ears. 

The mirrored version of him took a step into the light. He looked worn and weather-beaten, but otherwise looked like... 

Billy blinked and rubbed his eyes.

He looked like dad. As if dad had never left. A carton of milk was in one hand and twinkle in his eye taunted the five year old in Billy.

Billy stared in silence. When he spoke, his voice was a rasp.

"Where have you been?"

Dad frowned for a few moments. When he spoke, he seemed to be choosing his words carefully.

"Billy, you're not going to believe this, but... I was abducted by aliens."

Billy pulled back a fist and punched his dad square in the jaw.