As I walked down the dusty road, spending another day passing the hours and watching them flow, i noticed a strange hush fall across the wildlife, and soon, i saw a woman walking down the opposite side of the road. 

She was dressed in black, from head to toe, not an easy feat on a hot day like that one, so, momentarily forgetting the hush that seemed to fall over the world as she approached, i crossed the road, first waving, then greeting her in earnest.

"Hi there, you look a little out-of-place to be walking around here.." I trailed off as her features came into full view, she was almost elfin in her appearance, a delicate nose and chin, yet with a deep sorrow in her eyes, a world-weariness i could certainly relate to, clearly present, atop a body that would have done a college cheerleader proud, everything about her spoke of beauty, but the underlying thread of sadness was unmistakable.

"Ah. uh.. Are you lost, or has your car broken down somewhere?" "No." she replied, in a silken voice. "I've business further along the way, it's just a couple houses down now." a light smile touched her lips, but again, not her eyes. 

"Oh, ok. Well there aren't many houses back that way, the nearest is another half-mile, do you mind if i walk with you for a while, I'm just out passing the time for today, I've really nowhere to go, and I know I'd enjoy the company for a while, especially with a woman as stunningly beautiful as you, would you mind? 

She shook her head slightly, and I fell in beside her, walking back the way I'd come. We continued on in silence for a while, my mind whirring about a way to start a better conversation, till i finally settled on the typical inanities of weather and current events, though she seemed fairly uninterested in such things, she at least kept up her side of the conversation, until at last, we passed the first house along the road.

As we walked up, I saw an older woman sitting on the porch, and as we passed, she stood and forked the sign of the "evil eye", then spit to the side, an old traditional mark of protecting oneself when evil or danger is passing close, and I finally began to wonder just what business this woman was in.

"Well that was odd, any idea why she did that?" She smiled that light smile again and nodded. "Well, yes." she paused to sigh lightly before continuing "I am the Aspect of Death, and that is my business here today" 
Somewhat stunned I walked a bit further along with her as the silence followed us like a shadow in the night, finally having fallen in on us at the center.

"Ah, I see, and am i part of that business?" I asked, with a slight smile creeping to the edges of my lips. "No." she replied quietly "and there's something about you I simply cannot put my finger on, everyone sees me as their own specter of death, everyone has a lifeline, and as those lives reach their natural end, I arrive to send them on their way, I've been able to see the end of the lifelines of everyone I've met since this job was thrust upon me, until today." She looked over at me, her eyes narrowing "You, however, seem to have no natural lifeline, and that makes me curious, an emotion I've not felt in a very long time." 

I smiled, and chuckled lightly "And now that you've shared your secret, i suppose you'd like to know mine?" She nodded silently, hanging her head a bit lower, seeming to  be ashamed of her refound curiosity. "I'll share my story, but first I'd like to watch you at work, if you don't mind, I may also make one other request, if its not too forward.." I trailed off as the next house came into sight, and as we walked up to the graying picket fence, she nodded, obviously having made up her mind to follow this thru to its conclusion.

She stopped at the gate and sighed again "here we are, this is my destination for the moment, and the time is nearly upon us."

I nodded gravely, becoming serious now that her business was at hand, and opened the gate for her, holding it until she had passed thru, then followed her up to the door. Once inside she never paused, she simply opened it and entered, with myself close behind, we turned in the living room, and walked up the stairs to a bedroom, where a young boy was laying in repose, tossing and turning in a fevered sleep, the sleep of the deeply sick.

She touched his shoulder with one gloved hand, waking him instantly. "It's time for you to go to a better place." she told him quietly, and as he looked up at her, I realized that even at his young age, he saw her much as I did, and my heart broke for this soul that would soon be sent to the back of the line, first to the pool of souls, and later to be fished up once again and sent back into the world.

The boy nodded, and simply thanked her as she removed one of her gloves, then she reached out to caress his cheek tenderly, and he seemed to fall asleep into her hand as she laid him back down on the bed, no longer breathing, no longer living, as his soul was set free toward it's destination.

I wiped away the few tears that had fallen and sighed, escorting her back outside to the road quietly, where we began walking again, a bit slower than before, and I knew I was the last thing keeping her there at the moment. We walked in silence for a bit, until she was finally ready to ask.

"So, now it's your turn, we shared a moment that many people never even see until their own ends, the lucky ones at least..." I nodded "you've shared a special thing with me, a moment I'll not ever forget, so yes, I too feel I owe you an explanation of myself, but i mentioned I might ask for one other thing beforehand, and I would like a kiss from Death herself." I smiled a bit shyly "you're the most beautiful being I've ever met, and after what happened back there, you even almost seem to glow in my eyes, I'd be honored, and i promise I'll keep it chaste." she actually seemed surprised at that point, and spoke again.

"Maybe you don't understand, its not just my hands, it's my entire being, I've kissed little ones and sent them on their way, I wouldn't mind, I'll admit at this point, I'm intrigued enough to allow it, if it..." 

I silenced her with a light kiss to the side of her mouth and stepped back again, smiling. "I am Chronos, the Aspect of time, one of the first of the guardians to be bound to physical form. I've walked this planet since the time before the great catastrophe of the beings that came here before, that created the need for humans. I've been sent from life to life thru time, sometimes remembering my origins, and sometimes not. That's why I know the beauty in death, and I am one of the few beyond even your reach, beautiful one. 

She smiled as she removed her glove and slipped her hand in mine, bringing a smile to my face as well.

Together at last, the two of us turned and walked away down the road less traveled, unto eternity.

(Edit: formatting)