All my life I had dedicated to study.  It had been easy for me to pick up things that most of my classmates had struggled with first in grade school, and then in high school, and finally in college and beyond.  I always had top marks without ever really having to pay attention.  I was lucky, right?

You see, my gift was my curse.  My classmates were jealous of me and my abilities.  Depending on our age, their treatment went from outright taunting (Nina the NERD!) to bullying (shoving me down when teachers weren't looking) to just plain avoidance (unless a group project loomed - then everyone wanted to be with me.)  So, because I was so lonely, I threw myself into my books and projects and reports.  I was easily valedictorian of each class.  My IQ, I would later learn, was one of the highest in my home state.

I took care of my brain, and I took care of my body.  I ate healthily (I would know, after all I'd spent lots of time researching) and I did some biking around my neighbourhood, and I didn't do drugs.  I never did much else physically, though, because it required effort on my part, and I preferred to spend more time with schoolwork.  I wasn't bad looking, but I was by no means an athlete.  I often envied them; not only were they oftentimes strong, but they had a real, natural talent.  Oh, the irony, I know.

Well, enough about my rather depressing childhood.  When I was in grad school, I saw an ad on a bulletin board about a project dealing with cryogenics.  I was surprised and immediately interested in it, because not only did I have a thing for sci-fi, but because I wanted to show off a little with my robotics knowledge.  Yeah...if I couldn't be liked for such cliché things as my personality or looks, I could have that much, right?

Flash forward a years, and our pods were ready for a test subject.  Since it was only supposed to be for a week, I gladly volunteered, especially because I'd be getting extra credit.  I dressed myself in the plain, soft fabric and laid down in the pod.  I took a deep breath, and I closed my eyes.

After what seemed like mere seconds, I opened my eyes.  I blinked rapidly and saw that I was in sterile, silver room, nothing like the basic whites and greens of the grad school's labs I'd come to think of as a second home.  I honestly thought my eyes were playing tricks on me as the pod's lid opened slowly and I sat up.

"Excuse me....where am I?"

Two scientists (students?) turned toward me, mouths hanging agape.  Not unkindly I noticed that one had a severe overbite while the other actually had a...wait...what? third eye growing from his left cheekbone??

"The lady, she awakens, she..." Overbite said.  He then stared at his companion, and they seemed to be communicating via telepathy or perhaps minute twitching of their rather slim appendages.

I started extricating myself from the pod, and I had just stepped down from it as they both turned to me.  Overbite spoke again, this time very slowly and almost as if he were speaking to a child, "You are from the Not-Now.  You are from the Past.  Though our knowledge in," (here he hesitated) "the Robogoltics is very big, we did not have the ways to awaken you.  Now, you are up!"

"Y--yes...but, where am I?  Why did you move me from Lab Room #7?  Where's everyone else?  Who are you?  And....why are you talking to me like that?"

"Lady-Girl, we found your pod in a rubble after The Greatest War.  The others, gone.  This is the year 3013.  We are the science men studying your baby devices.  I use little words for your little intellect.  You make up for this by being beautiful. So, we like you much!"

I rolled my eyes.  I sighed and I cried a little internally.  Me, beautiful?  I could care less about that.  I had worked so hard to be intelligent...and now they thought me stupid?  Stubborn as I ever, I vowed to prove them wrong and learn their technology.  If I could be nice to look at as well, that might be a bonus....The only thing for me to do here is a little more studying, a little more research.