"You know, there so many better places to spend your lunch time, Peter. Don't you think that it is a little unappetizing to eat in the morgue?" Nick, asked me, perplexed. "I mean, don't you?" I retorted.  I watched as Nick got halfway through his next bite of the reuben I had brought him, before he chomping his way into the next sentence.

"I see this shit every day dawg, I would swear that you were so god damn morbid, if I didn't know who you are." I asked him, pointedly "How do you know I ain't so damn morbid?" "YOU!? HA HA, Peter, you are the kindest, most optimistic person that I know, and I work in a hospital, there are some saints here, but you all make them look like child molesters." I nearly choked on my sandwich as he finished that sentence. "I mean, hey, but you know... you know what I mean. You have gone to hell for so many of us, in ways that put us to shame." "I don't want to make anyone feel ashamed."

"There you go again, you just can't stop being the martyr, can you?" "If I was a martyr, I think I would have sacrificed enough to die before this damn cancer took me." Hey, you listen here, Peter, you have done EVERYTHING you possibly could, you have made so many peoples lives better. And even now, you should be somewhere enjoying your last few months, and instead, you stay in the hospital, after your checkup, just to bring a smile to everyone that you can. Hell, you came right in here with my favorite sandwich just because you knew that a man who spends all day talking to the dead, could use some living company."

Just then, the assistant mortician, Rebecca, pushed through those double doors, with a new dead body. The smallness of the outline of the sheet opened a pit of sorrow in my stomach. "Aww jeez Rebecca" Nick said. "I was having such a good lunch, and... a kid, really?" "I'm really sorry Nick." Rebecca choked. "Hey, what's wrong?" "It's her, it finally happened." "Oh, no... the princess." "That's her?" I asked, "Princess Natalie?" "Yeah, can you believe it? 8 years old, and she dies of leukemia. I would say that the world is unfair, but in a room with Peter here, I can't really." "What are you saying? I asked. "It's just that, well, God, this is so fucking hard..." I could see that Nick was beginning to choke up "...this girl, this sweetest, most beloved girl in the whole nation, was taken from us by nothing more than a cruel act of God, but that God also gave us you, the kindest man in the country."

"What are you saying?" "It's just, a man as good as you, the world doesn't deserve someone as good as you, and yet here you are, so, surely, the world has to do something equally as terrible to be fair, and, I guess, this is it." "YOU CAN'T SAY THINGS LIKE THAT NICK." I said, elevating my voice. "But it's true, don't you see? For everyone who is good, there must be something terrible to counter it, and this is it. We incurred a great debt when you were born, and now, now, I guess, we are paying it back."

I looked at him with sadness in my eyes. "Nick..." "I can't stand grief, you know?" Nick, continued. "Come on Nick, you work in a morgue, and you can't stand grief?" I asked with surprise. "I mean, you get used to all the dead bodies. And they just become a normal thing. Sure, someone is surely grieving them, but, for me, it's just another body on the slab, but not her. I loved Natalie." "We all did, Nick." "And now, now she is gone, and it hurts so much. And you are almost gone too, and, there's just, there's no one to blame, but God, but how can I blame God?"

"Sometimes you are just angry and you need to blame someone." I said, showing him all of the sympathy I had acquired over my long life. "You know, that is it's own sad truth. I can stand hating someone, but grief, it's just so much harder. And now, not only has princess Natalie died, but you are about to die too, and it just hurts too fucking much..." "You can't let it get to you Nick." "Maybe, I, I don't, I can't..." I had never seen Nick like this, his grief made me feel powerless, I couldn't bring Natalie back, and I can't stop myself dying, I always thought there was something kind that I could do, in every situation, to make it better, but this time, my mind raced, and nothing came, no way to make any of this better. 

Is this how everyone would feel? All over the country? Two of it's most beloved people, dying, leaving them nothing to do but grieve?

"I need some air. Rebecca." Nick looked to his assistant, still there, as unable to deal with any of this as me. "Yes, Nick?" "When does The Royal Physician come to confirm." "He should be here within the next hour." "Right, well I am going to go and have a cigarette for the first time in a decade. Peter, want to join me? It's not like a cigarette is what's going to kill you." "In a minute." "Sure, Rebecca, care to join me?" "Are we just going to leave him here, with Natalie?" "Sure, it's Peter, he would protect Natalie better than we ever could." "Of course, right, well you do what you need to do, Peter." "Always." And with that, Nick and Rebecca left the room.

I got up and approached Natalie, still as the moment she came in, looking down at her with sorrow. "It looks like we picked the wrong  year to die, eh Natalie?" "We have made so many people so happy, and now, all of that happiness is about to be shattered, and turned into grief. At least you can't feel powerless about it. I can't make anyone happy ever again, no matter how hard I try. But, Nick was right. I have helped many people, sad people, and so many of them turned to hate where they could. Hate is so much easier for so many than grief. I may not be able to make anyone happy, but maybe I can make them hate." And with that, I removed the cloth covering the body of the departed princess, and then, the cloth covering my own.