I'm not so good at confrontation.  I had ducked behind so many important conversations just for the instant gratification that came with throwing everything under the rug and acting like it never happened, and I guess my punishment was this.

In all honesty, nobody tells you that you're fucking that up.  It's exactly what people want - to *not* be argued with, to *not* be challenged in any way.  Just nod and say "okay", it's the easiest way to get through any unpleasant situation.  But how do I do that when the person sitting across from me is...well, *me*?

I sat at the table, picking at my nails and waiting for the yelling that never came.  How many minutes had passed by while we both sat here?  I looked around, but there was no clock.  My watch was broken.  I made a mental note to ask God later if time existed in this place, but then the worry of not making it set in.

How do you talk to anybody?  Was it really this difficult to say anything?  I hurt myself over and over, I know I did.  It wasn't a surprise.  I had held myself back by making others happy.  I never followed my dreams.  Hell, the reason I went to bed crying every night is because I had no backbone to say no.  I never stood up for myself, and I knew all of this.  But why, in the midst of all of this, could I not get this out?

I looked at the man sitting across from me, hoping to get some guidance.  It was weird looking at that face.  It was so young.  My hair had grayed long ago, my wrinkles enveloped my skin not long after.  The man before me was a much younger me, before the callouses formed on his palms, before the gravity of his job made his eyes sink.  He seemed much more confident and lively than I had ever felt myself be.  I suddenly realized how I had never made an attempt to keep smiling, as if the weight on my shoulders were connected to each end of my lips.

"You do realize that this is the perfect example of how much you have hurt us, don't you?"  he asked, looking in my direction.  I slumped my shoulders.

"Yes."  I said.  Just nod and say "okay".  This will be over soon.

"It doesn't seem like you do."  Just nod and say okay.

"Okay."  I said, hanging my head low in shame.

"Do you know how I know?"  He asked, shifting in his seat and leaning closer to the table.  Just nod and say okay.

"How?"  I looked up to see an angry me in front of my face.  His eyes were filled with anger, his brow creased.  His nostrils flared as he glared into my eyes with such disgust.

"You'd rather please the person in front of you, someone created just for the sake of this conversation, than flee from all possibility of an everlasting pain and suffering."  His voice was loud and commanding, his body stiff.  I could feel my heart start to twist from the words I was giving myself.  It actually hurt.  It physically hurt.  "Now tell me, James, why do you do this to yourself?"  Just nod and say okay.

"I don't know."  I said, hanging my head low.  It continued to twist, the intensity growing as I kept yelling at myself.

"Heaven is right there.  Pure bliss, pure happiness.  An opportunity, yet you're still pushing yourself down.  It's right fucking there!  What kind of person doesn't want to reach out and touch it?  What kind of person doesn't shove everyone out of the way to get it?  What kind of person *does* that-"

"I don't know!"  I screamed, looking up at the young man before me.  I felt wetness on my cheeks.  I tried to gain composure, but my voice was small and insignificant.  "I don't know."