Timmy Oliver May 27, 2041-March 13th, 2050.

Timmy read the grave stone again, then felt himself rising up. Well, that's not quite right. He witnessed the world around him move downwards in a blur, then found himself at a room that seemed like the inside of a hollow pearl.

 In front of him, stood a Figure in a tuxedo with all parts so perfectly white and evenly illuminated that it was difficult to tell where each piece began and ended. His face was covered with an inky black mask, which looked like a butterfly with seven wings, and his hair was the same shade of inky, slightly concealing two horns that curved out of his head.

"Am I dead?" The boy shouts at the mysterious Figure.

"Certainly! But fear not for I-"

"That's no fair!"

The Figure walks closer

"Everyone dies, boy. It wouldn't be fair if you didn't."

"Yeah, but that's when they're old!" The boy protests, stomping his feet with indignance.

"Not always. Some barely get to see the light of morning before there's mourning, lots live only long enough to have a little love to lose, and-"

"And the Queen bloody well gets to live forever, eh?"

"Ah, well..." The Figure says, standing up and straightening his bowtie.

"Well what?" The boy asks, "Wait... does she get to live forever? How's that fair!"

The Figure looks at the boy, "Well, weren't you one of the ones who... hmm..." He muses, then flicks His hand upwards, sending the world that direction, as if He were scrolling on a device.

The boy is aware of what being sent to lower planes implies, and feels a dread reminiscent of the years before he realized Father Christmas never seemed to make good on his threats of coal. Perhaps, some part of his brain opined, this would be the oft delayed punishment.

Instead of fire and brimstone, when they at last stop, they are in a grey, dull infinite room, filled with filing cabinets farther than the eye could see. In fact, for the impatient, bold, and adventurous soul of a child, this seemed somewhat worse.

The Figure checks one, then pulls His hands together.

At first, Timmy mistakes the effects of this to be the Figure growing until he can hold the whole room in his hands, but he recognizes the motion as one to zoom out.

Next, the Figure places the room slightly to his side, then expands it again.

Timmy sees the Figure standing far off in the distance, pulling out files, then makes a motion and the room shrinks without them, making them close once again, then makes a scrolling motion, placing them back in the original room.

Opening the file, He shows it to Timmy.

Timmy sees himself, singing the national anthem.

"God save the Queen..." He mutters.

"Exactly!" The Figure says, "I mean, I don't usually go by "God" but I understand the sentiment, and there's hundreds of thousands of this prayer coming in every day!"

"Prayer?" The boy asks, wide eyed, "It's nothing more than a song!"

The Figure's posture shows incredulity, "Just a song? Millions of voices, crying out as one, and you call it just a song? I suppose you want me to Stop Believing, too!"

"B'lieve in what? You're the big man upstairs!" Timmy protests.

The Figure shrugs, "I dunno, something or another."

"How can you believe in something without knowing?"

"Well if I knew that wouldn't be faith, now would it?"

The boy glares at him, "Forget about that, what happened to "If you didn't die, that wouldn't be fair"?" He says with a squeaky, irritating voice on the go where he's supposed to sound like the ineffable Being before him.

"Well... It's like Once Upon A Time..." He starts.

"What's that?" The boy asks, not knowing about a show that ended decades before his birth.

The Figure ignores the question, rambling on about someone named Mister Gold and the refusal to let him die or be truly redeemed.

"And see, the Bard was wrong! The world is a stage but all you tiny little elves aren't just players!"

"We're not elve-" Timmy begins, but is picked up and title through the air.

"You're my audience, too! And sometimes you just have to give the people what they want. I remember a while back there was this guy with a fatal disease, but all the science-y types seemed very caught up with him so I let him stick around. Didn't have very nice things to say about me, but you can't win them all."

"So you keep the Queen alive... to pander?"

"Exactly! I'm not exactly proud of it, but the requests just keep pouring in."

"But what about the other queens?"

"Well they weren't *the* Queen, you see. Each one was just *a* queen, you know?"

"What does that mean?"

"She's such a figure, you know? So kindly but firm! And most of all, she's ruled almost a century!"

The boy shoots him a scathing look.

"Because you count her as "The Queen"!" He shouts.

"And...?"

"So she's only counted as that because she's the longest lived, which she is because-"

"Because I count her as the longest lived! Ah, I see your issue now!"

"Yes! 'Zactly!"

With that the Figure flicks him away off to his eternal home, and laughs to Himself.

You see, anyone watching the exchange would be likely to recognize the tone the Figure used. Many had heard it before, between a younger sibling and the elder, the latter playing at being the dumber.

The whole thing, just for Little Timmy.