Wishes. Why wishes? So complex. So open and vague. Why not just make an offer? Rub this lamp and I'll buy you a car, get on my good side and I'll hook you up with a date, pass my test and I'll clean your garage. But no, it has to be horrible, lazy *wishes*. Because of *traditional values*. Because that's how it's always been done.

Fine. It puts me in a job, so what can I complain about? Except the world of spiritual and magical contract law is horribly underdeveloped. The texts are ancient, older than time in some cases. Which not only causes some jurisdiction issues in a place where time tends to move fairly rapidly, it also means they are horribly outdated. Nothing is formally defined, everything is in different languages (some of which are incomprehensible to most beings) and no one can agree on what kind of an action deserves a wish. My point is there's a lot of loophole-closing, discrepancy-fixing and general debuggering.

Wishes are horrible. A wish can be anything. You know how hard that is to regulate? I doubt there is anything more difficult than getting a sphinx to spell out a clear set of terms and conditions. But otherwise everything goes to pot. No wishing for more wishes. No pinning a wishbone back together to break it again. No wishing on false eyelashes. Wishes were not meant to be abused; they were meant to give the poor, powerless, mortal humans a bit of an insurance. It was a kindness really. But humans (and I say this as a colleague of demons like getting people to smell their own spleens) are assholes. Give them an inch and they take a mile. So we need to set some limits before the humans end up with more power than they deserve, or know how to use.

Good thing they gave the job to a hellspawn then. Where better to find the shrewdest, most conniving, sneakiest beings than in hell? And who knows, maybe I can worm something out for our own benefit. 'Wish' is an awfully vague word but humans seem to like the sound of it. Let's see what we can do with that.

------------------

My very first writing prompt response. Didn't really know where I was going when I started. Didn't really know where I was going when I ended either. Might clean it up a bit tomorrow when my eyelids aren't having such a hard time fighting gravity.