It began as whispers, once it became apparent that none of the staff, least of all the pilot, had any idea what was going on. Unintentionally fuelled by the staff's own whispers about a fuel gauge that wasn't moving, navigational instruments that showed impossible readings, it spread.

First among the older generation, the memories of the old folklore of rural areas fresh in their minds. From there it spread to the children, young, impressionable - listening to their grandparents. And finally, us - the adults and young adults, reluctant to accept what we saw as the superstition of the uneducated, but seeing no other possible explanation. 

_gui da qiang_. Ghost walls. An old belief, of ghosts or spirits trapping travellers in a space beyond the physical world. Looking around, I could see that none of the staff - Westerners to a person, an American airline looking to make a quick buck off Chinese tourists - knew what the passengers had long since realised.

It was, as per the cliche, a child's cry that broke the news. "_gui_!"

All hell broke loose. The staff, of course, all spoke varying degrees of Mandarin, ranging from 'the minimum needed to take orders from Chinese tourists' to 'better than most native speakers'. More than half understood what the girl had said.

The plane exploded into accusations, parents accusing grandparents of influencing their naïve young children, grandparents accusing parents of being disrespectful and forgetting their roots, young children crying and the older children and teenagers, young adults travelling on our own, meeting each others' eyes above the backs of the warring elders only to see the same terror we felt reflected back at us. The air stewards and stewardesses tried futilely to calm the situation, all the while themselves trying to work out what was happening.

"Did that kid say 'ghost'?" 

"I heard some of the passengers talking about it. Ghosts beating walls, or something."

"Ghosts building walls, you idiot. _da_ means build, in this context."

It took longer for them to piece together what was going on - my guess is that a passenger finally explained to them. But gradually, all of us came to the same horrifying conclusion:

We were trapped.