“I wouldn’t break my head over it, my friend. Why we all come to visit you. It’s just such a complicated question you know. There are a lot of these kind of paradoxes around. Two years ago in my time period, somebody went up to JRR Tolkien and let him read The Lord of the Rings. Then Tolkien just published it word for word and he killed our guy, so he could keep it all a secret. It actually worked out for him. I mean, for centuries people thought that guy actually came up with all that stuff. But now there are all these debates about who exactly wrote the Lord of the Rings and you can’t really come up with an adequate answer. These kind of things happen all the time with time travel, like don’t get me started on how the Bible came about.”

Today’s dude just would not shut up. I had heard the Tolkien story multiple times now, so I just smiled and nodded when he actually started talking about how the Bible was the result of time travel. Apparently the story with the bread and the fishes was not in the original Bible. For a game show some comedian took a bet if he could get something that far-fetched in the New Testament. Then he traveled back in time, told the story to John, and he got away with it. I did my best to look surprised but of course I had heard that story over and over again. Today’s dude also talked about how he had applied to go to Jesus’ crucifixion but the tickets were too expensive. At least he was honest about the things he had not seen. If everyone who had told me they were in the theatre when Lincoln was shot actually told the truth, that theatre must have looked like Madison Square Garden. 

After a while he asked the inevitable question if all these time travelers didn’t bother me too much. Every single visitor asks this. They always ask it with some guilt on their faces, compare it with the face of someone who goes on a long political rant in a bar and then suddenly realizes he has been boring everyone to death. I replied like I always do, that I had gotten quite used to it and that I was thrilled to hear their interesting stories. In most cases this last thing was a blatant lie but I have to keep these people happy, so they write good reviews about me when they get back. I would be all alone if these time travelers stopped coming.


Thank you for reading! English isn’t my native language so if I made any mistakes, please let me know so I can improve.
