Time.
 What is time?
 Some say it's a straight line, impossible to traverse, an impossible dream residing in the collective unconscious.
I am here now to tell you all that it is possible to traverse that great barrier that separates man from God.
 who is this lunatic on stage?
 you may be asking, well I'll tell you. My name is Johnathan T Roti and I have traversed that barrier.
 back in my youth the year 1997 I found it difficult to talk to the other kids so of course, I reveled in my hobbies,
 one of my favorites was collecting coins. now one fateful day as I walked the streets of my home city searching for coins to add to my collection, I stumbled across a very peculiar one.
now as you can see the coin is dated 2044 and inscribed with the name J.T. Roti bending underneath a very familiar face.
 this event is what sparked my interest in time travel.


Outside the lecture hall, I stood. 
"Fuck, the fools laughed me off stage, calling my machine a hoax,
 if only I could travel further than a few seconds back."
 walking home I continued to mumble to myself "what if I just increased power to my roti field emitter,
 of course, I'd then need to adjust the zero point energy detector and mumble mumble. 
christ, I cant do this without proper funding. you can only get so far working off stubs.
 the hell am I going to do now this was my only chance" 
finally home I went straight to bed mulling over every last detail of my machine as
 I fell into a deep sleep.



BANG BANG BANG!
 I woke with a start this wasn't uncommon, a trick of the mind caused by the anxiet- BANG BANG BANG!
 wha what, my door. it's fucking twelve midnight. I grab a hammer that I keep next to my nightstand and walk downstairs. "Wh-Whos there!" I shout at my door. 
"CIA, we're here to talk about your little project." "What the fuck, what do I do"
 I thought as I looked through the peephole. 
two men in black suits stood on the other side one tall around 6'7, bald, with a stern expression the other a shorter muscular man.
 "Show me your badge" I shouted through the door the tall one withdrew a wallet from his pocket opened it and put it up to the peephole.
 As soon as I saw the golden crest of the badge I ran to the back door. 
"SHIT, none of the stuff I've been doing has been authorized, I'm working with highly volatile material, in order to do something potentially world-changing. I didn't quite think about it, but I doubt any of this is legal, What if they've come to silence me, and take my research"
 I burst out of my back door slipping on the morning dew.
 "GET DOWN ON THE GROUND NOW" an agent shouts as he steps out of the shrubbery. With a gun to my head, I comply 
as the two other agents walk over from each side of the house.
 "Now then DR Roti lets have a little chat." 

Part. 1