I awoke with a pain in my back and a pounding in my head. Somehow I knew I had just fallen a long distance and landed straight on my back. Slowly my mind started coming back to me. This wasn't the warehouse where I took shelter from the sirens, and the men chasing me. No this was too dark. All around me nothing but darkness. Except for a speck of light far, far above me. I must have fallen from there.

"Hello?" As soon as the word left my mouth I heard a snap, and a dark red flame sprang to life in front of me. Out of the flames came a beautiful man in a robe. The most striking feature on his face were eyes which were completely black, showing no hint of emotion. Nothing but darkness. Beyond his back were the remains of wings. What at one time must have been incredibly majestic now just looked sad. A mess of burnt black feathers and bones. 

"You know who I am and why you're here" he said with zero emotiob". It was obvious who stood before me. The devil had come to greet me.

"So this is hell, eh?" I had always known I would end up here. I had heard the curses from the time I was a boy. From my grandmother admonishing me for pulling on the little girls hair in the pew ahead of me, to the tied up husband watching as I scalped his wife. There was no reason to act surprised, so I had to act tough. Anything was better than showing fear.

"Bring on the torture then!". I was ready for it. I had imagined it throughout my life. My conclusion was that nothing could be worse than the life I was already living. I could handle pain. I had all my life.

"Torture?" The devil said, with what almost looked like surprise leaking out of the emotionless black pools that occupied what should've been eyes.

"You broke every single one of my Father's rules. He hates you. Something I know far too well. You and I are going to get along just fine. Now come on in..."

Behind him the dark flames transfigured themselves. Into a doorway. He opened them in one swift motion, and beyond them was paradise! A brightly lit great Hall filled with everything I could ever want. Every single woman I had ever imagined. Every single food I had ever wanted. Men and Women I always wanted to meet. Guitars lined the walls, and Lakers games from the past played on dozens of screens in impossible quality. From Magic in his Prime, to Kobes 81. In the back of the room was everyone i ever hated tied up and waiting with a rack of knives at the waiting. It was everything I had ever dreamed of.

I had killed who I hates. I had tortured when I felt like it. I had stolen anything I wanted. All the while cursing a God I didn't even believe existed. And it had finally paid off! My miserable existence was all leading to this. I could finally have what I deserved!

"Come and receive your reward" Lucifer said as he stepped aside to let me in.

Without a second thought I leaped through the doorway, and fell straight through the floor.

Knives pierced me from every angle. My hair was torn out and regrow every other second. My eyes pierced with sharpened bones. My nails peeled back. As blood, mucus, and tears poured from my face I opened my mouth to scream only for my tounge to be wrenched from my mouth. I continued falling hitting every ledge and protruding rock, and the further I fell, the more it came back. This was not the first time, I had fallen and it was far from the last.

Every foot brought back the pain of the last time I had fallen, and every time I took my fall, the chasm got deeper. I must have fallen thousands of times, and I relived every single one. But as my flesh was grinded against the walls, and regrown only to be ground again I couldn't help but think back the the hall and it's promises. The brief hope that shone so bright only to be eternally shattered. 

After what feels like an eternity I see the ground rushing to meet me an instinctively turn so at least I won't land on my face.

I awoke with a pain in my back and a pounding in my head....