That moment.

That moment when I look, deep into those dark brown eyes as they take me away. This is why I do it. This is why people have to die.

As they shove me into the body of the police vehicle, I savor this time. It's the only time he ever sees me. It's the only time we ever really ... connect. And as we pull away from the crime scene, I look forward to the moment I see him again.

...

Alarms blaring, spotlights out, guards are on high alert - and yet, they won't find me. They never do.

The psychiatrist: young and sweet, extremely impressionable. She can't even resist me. So easy is it to seduce her, and yet she leaves me unsatisfied. But she is useful, and never gets caught. And neither do I.

I welcome the rain as it beats across my face once again. Freedom. They can never hold me. And even now I know he's coming. He knows I'm missing, and I could see him now and once again find that moment. But it would be cheap. It wouldn't be worth it. I must play with him, otherwise he wouldn't give a second thought to me. I must be devious and cunning. And then we will have our moment.

...

First, we take the money. How? We hire muscle. Nothing short of dumb and strong, as those are the ones that listen. And these people, they only speak in the language of Franklin and Washington. And money is not hard to come by. Money is my second language.

But the one thing that plain, old crooks love is a promise. You see their eyes widen as you mention the possibility of hundreds of thousands. You see the desperation, and you push. You push until they break, and when they do, they're yours. Forever.

So you set up a bank heist. You give them weapons, and you present a fool proof plan. You know they'll listen, and you know they'll trust you, because you're well known. You're the one putting money in cops' pockets, dealing in addictions and devices. No one would cross you.

And yet, the hero comes. He beats every last muscle into the ground before the money could leave the bank. But that isn't the only the bank in town. And one crew isn't enough to get rich off of. But five crews across the entire city, spreading the police force thin, and that money is mine. 

Even five crews are too much for the hero to handle. And he wouldn't even come close to stopping me. Nor would I even need to lift a finger to make this happen.

One by one, the crews come. They bring the money, they take their cut, I offer them more work, they oblige. How easy loyalty is gained by success. So I tell them my plan. And I make them spread it like wildfire.

...

Magnum X. The new drug that offers euphoria on a ridiculously high level, increased aggression, sexual activity and extremely addictive. It's highly dangerous and won't kill you, but it will get you killed. And for that kind of high, people will pay a lot of money. But since our hero has been in the works, he's shut down every manufacturing plant that creates the drug. But I know who originally created it. A doctor from Empire State University: Doctor Kenny.

So I get my hands dirty. I visit the good doctor, and when I smile and say hello, his face turns to horror. He tells me to go away and that he'll have nothing to do with me. But I tell him he'll help me no matter what. He refuses, obviously. But I smile and look at the picture of his teenaged son on the wall.

I tell him how beautiful his child is, and what school he goes to, and what class he's sitting in. I tell him all of this and his horror turns to desperation. He reluctantly agrees to help me, and I drag him to a factory I bought through an off shore organization somewhere by the Hudson - blindfolded of course. There, I put him to work.

...

Weeks go by, and slowly the drugs begin to funnel into the streets. Night after night, the hero rushes through the city, beating down drug dealer after drug dealer to find me. He is never successful. I'm too clever for that.

And when the Police Commissioner's daughter is taken advantage of in the streets, and nothing is done about it until it's too late, they start a war. The police begin to crack down on all the drug dealers, so I pull them back, wait a few days, and I know things are going according to plan. Tonight is New Years Eve, and tonight, that moment will come.

I've managed to have Dr. Kenny fabricate a gaseous form of the drug, so that when the clock strikes twelve, the drug will be introduced into the city. I've planted bombs absolutely everywhere across Times Square, and though they won't harm anyone, they'll spread that lovely gas across town and cause sweet, sweet chaos. And then, then I will look my hero in his eyes. Those deep, brown eyes.

But the clock strikes twelve, and no bomb goes off. I press the switch, but nothing happens. In my frustration, I walk out onto the square. I press that switch so hard that I break the device. And that's when I see him. Glorious, handsome, and fearless. I see the rage in his eyes, I see the passion. He's been hard at work.

And that's the last thing I remember. One flash and again, I'm in cuffs, body being slammed against a cop car. I look back and he isn't there. He's no where to be found. I try to break free but they hold me down. I scream out:

"WHERE IS HE?! WHERE IS HE?!"

But they don't answer. They laugh and shove me into the back of that police vehicle. Did he forget about me? Did he not want this moment as much as I had? Or maybe ... maybe he doesn't want this. Maybe he doesn't want anything to do with me. Maybe ... I'll never see those beautiful eyes again.

At the Asylum, I'm strapped down against a standing, metal bed. I'm surrounded by darkness. The only light I see is from the bottom of the doorway, and I weep, knowing I'll never get that moment back. It was going to be the greatest moment we ever had. I just know it.

Suddenly, the lights turn on and I'm staring at a viewing room behind a piece of glass. I see several aristocratic people, but no one I actually know. But in the back, I notice a handsome man, with dark, brown eyes. He looks back at me with such passion, a never ending ambition with such conviction that it completely takes me over. Then someone hits a switch, and some tablets fall into a tub underneath me. The gas begins to spread and I take some very deep breaths. I stare back and smile. After that I knew, this would be the most perfect moment I would ever have.