"Peter, Peter! Get my medical kit!" I shouted again to my roommate. I ran into the house with a mouse in my hands. Oak floors knocked as I ran to my room.

"Where is it?" Peter shouted from the other room. His room. Even though he always seemed to play computer games with the door closed, the man had ears of a hawk.

"It's in the bathroom. Top shelf in the mirror thing!"

I ran into my room, and I realized that I had no place to put the mouse. Even the bed was filled with the veterinary assignments I had due in future weeks. I slowly shifted the mouse in my hand into one arm, and cleared my desk, moving the mess to the floor, revealing the bright, tan, cheap varnish. I place it down, right as I hear, "It's not here!"

I thought for a moment. *Why did I have to be so Goddamned messy?* "Check the kitchen?"

"Fine. But you know you should keep something like that organized if you're so injured-."

"I'm not injured." I replied back. "And don't give me any of your psychiatry stuff at the moment when I need that kit."

Peter sighed loud enough for me to hear, "Fine fine." I rolled my eyes. I knew him when he was a first year psych major, and I was going to veterinary school. Then he pretended to know everything and was a know-it-all. Now in our fifth year, he seemed to actually know-it-all.

I took two fingers and started to do chest compression. It had only hit me now this mouse was wearing armour. I couldn't put a finger on it but dulled Xacto blades were what made up the skirt, tied onto a shoelace. Little feathers crested the helmet I could have sworn was made from a halved ping-pong ball. And the sword. A simple sword toothpick they put in burgers or sandwiches of the sort.

My door burst open, "Ya know. This was on top of the fridge. Is your subconscious trying to kill me?"

He was my friend, but I had to say, "It wouldn't be my subconscious."

He placed the plastic box on the desk desk to the mouse, "Whoa. That's a huge mouse. Is that..."

I opened up the first aid kit, "I have no idea." I ripped up puffs of cotton into tiny wads wet with alcohol, then applied them to the deep scars the neighborhood cat left. I restarted chest compressions.

Peter backed up out of the room, "Well. I can't help you out. I would if I could..." He turned and I paused to think. *Maybe this was hopeless. I'm saving a bloody mouse, for crying out loud.*

Scratches on wood pulled my eyes away from the body. A white and dark streak moved over the clothes and papers littering my floor. I managed to get a short glimpse of it, as it paused at the foot of my desk, then pulled itself up. It was another mouse, only this one was dressed in a lab coat. And it had its own briefcase!

I stepped back, trying to regain myself. The mouse was dressed and seemed ready to begin surgery, minus a miniature mask. It said, in a female voice, "Thank you, but I can take it from here!"

Her briefcase fell open right as my jaw did. It pulled out a miniature stethoscope, inserted the earpieces in, and began scanning for a heartbeat.

"Good." She started, "Your chest compressions were vital. You may have bought me some time."

"Peter?!" I called out.

"I'm not doing another bloody funeral! The lizard was the last straw!" The mouse doctor cowered a little at the sound of Peter, perhaps not remembering two humans lived in this house. She shortly resumed her work, and looked over the body.

"There doesn't seem to be any internal trauma, but the scars are still serious. I just need-." She pulled from her briefcase a small glass vial. With one paw, she opened it and began soaking miniature gauze strips. I took one step closer. "Need help?"

Peter shouted out, "With what?"

The mouse replied, "YYyyyyess. I can't stop the bleeding from the wrist *and* do chest compressions. I need you to do the latter." I nodded and walked closer. With one finger resting on another finger resting on the rib cage, I pressed down. She pulled out a suture kit, "Never in a million years would I think I'd be doing surgery with a human."

I asked, "You've been doing this for millions of years?"

She paused and gave me an incredulous look, with her shifty nose, and wide dark eyes. "Figure of speech. I can't give her breath. Can you... in any way...?"

"Yes." I said confidently. I ran to the other side of my room and pulled out a personally made, 3D printed nozzle made for mice snouts. It was linked to a small flexible straw that I could hold. I showed it to the doctor mouse in hopes of some approval. "That's... strangely perfect. Do what you need. Nigel needs oxygen."

"Nigel."

The mouse bandaged up the wrist of the mouse I rescued, er, Nigel. "I'm Doctor Evana." I replied as I used a cut rubber band to affix the muzzle, "I'm Lindsey. Not a Doctor. Yet..."

I gave slow quick breaths as Dr. Evana began work on the leg. Somehow, even beneath the quadriceps tear, the femoral artery was intact. Dr Evana's word. I couldn't do anything to see that out.

Nearly ten minutes passed, and Dr. Evana was doing last check ups on Nigel, who had not woken up yet. I sat down in my chair, (after clearing off the papers from that, too.) I took a deep breath. "So I know I've got to be dreaming. I just helped a mouse do surgery on another mouse."

"I'm afraid it's no dream. And I'm afraid you are somewhat in a tangle because of this."