I solemnly make my way through the forest. The ground sinks slightly with every step. The rain still drips from the tops of the trees; I have always felt at peace here. Calm. Truly, even when I felt nothing, I found some form of.... solace; in the depths of the dark forest. 

I approach the great willow tree in the center of a clearing. It's been an outcast, a phenomenon that no one understands. The only one of its kind... Like me. I was born without emotions you, you might think 'that's not so bad'. But when you see your entire family murdered before your eyes, in the most horrific possible way... And you don't feel a goddamned thing... You realize how fucked up you truly are..  Anyway, that's why I carved ten finger holes into the tree. When someone doesn't want an emotion, they remove it; like pulling excess string from an old shirt. Each emotion (anger, sadness, regret, happiness, despair, fear) has a spot inside, to keep them from melding together; because then they are useless to me. 

When an emotion is dropped inside, the word glows. I then press the emotion, place my fingers inside the holes (like putting on a glove), and wait for the emotion to enter me. I can always feel them moving inside me. It hurt at first, still does, I'm just used to the pain now I guess.

I was told that each emotion lasts until I get a new one. There was one person like me hundreds of years ago apparently, they studied him.. He died though. I asked what killed him, but all I was told was 'You will understand someday' What a bunch of bullshit right? Anyway, what they don't tell you is; Eventually, if you keep one emotion too long, you die. Just out of the blue. You drop like a sack of potatoes. I'm not worried about that though. I've never had an emotion I would die for...

"What crap-show emotions are donated this time?" I know I should be more thankful, and I am. Once the person donates their emotion to me, it's gone forever. They will never feel it again. I, on the other hand, since people keep donating the same shitty emotions, have felt those same emotions for years. It gets old after awhile... 

Wait... Is that? No... it can't be... It is! S-someone... Someone donated happiness... No one has donated that one before... Is-.. Is it a good emotion? It sounds like it is.. I gave up on looking for that one. My hands shake as I press 'happiness' I release a breath as I place my fingers inside the finger holes. I was prepared for the excruciating pain... but there is none. It's... It feels like water... Like I'm standing beneath a waterfall. It feels... nice. 

As I remove my fingers, I feel... overwhelmed. I start to cry; cry tears of.. happiness. I'm so happy that I'm crying. It's a wonderful feeling. I start to laugh. I smile up at the trees. It's feels like a huge weight has been lifted. I can't believe this.. Who would want to give away this-... this... gift? I spin around with my arms wide open; laughing as I almost fall over. I look down, and I see a gift box. How did I not see that before? 

It's addressed to me. I sit at the foot of the tree, and unwrap it. Inside, is an old blue blanket. It's not dirty, but you can tell that this belonged to someone who loved it; someone who took care of it. The material is soft. I stand to unfold the blanket, and wrap it around my shoulders. I bend to pick up a folded piece of paper. Upon further inspection, I see that it's a note; again addressed to me; 

*I want you to have this blanket. I know you will take care of it. This blanket belonged to my son, my beautiful baby boy... My James. He was the light of my life. I know, you don't know me, but.. my son new you. He called you 'The sad pretty girl'. Every time he saw you, when he came home from school, he said you were sad. 

James... My son.. he.. he died.. He was sick, so very sick.. The doctors couldn't help him. I was mad for a long time. But, before he... James told me to 'Please give the pretty lady my happiness.' He said that you deserved to feel happy, he liked you very much. In truth, he wanted to be your friend. 

My son had a huge heart.. for someone so little.. 

So, I have written you this note, wrapped within his favorite blanket; to make sure James is never forgotten. I placed his happiness, and mine, inside your tree. Since my son is gone, I will never truly feel happiness again. It seems only fair that you should have mine too.. Please don't come looking for me. By now I am long gone... I hope you use it well..* 

I clutch the blanket tighter around my shoulders. I remember this boy... Everyday, as I walked to my tree, I would see a little brown haired boy; wrapped within a dark blue blanket. I always wanted to speak to him.. and now I never would... 

'You will understand someday'... The words echo in my mind... I do. I do understand. Happiness. Happiness is worth killing for, dying for. That man died... He let himself wither away, filled with happiness, rather than keep living with the other emotions. 

This, is what I have done. If you found this video... it means that you have also found my body... I don't know how old I will to.. I hope it's a long time.. Each body breaks down each emotion differently.. But, in case I didn't live long.. Know, that I lived a happy life. I had an emotion I never thought I would feel... And I am thankful to James and his mother for... everything. Please bury me with the blanket, I made a promise to keep it safe.. 

I know full well what I am doing, that I am going to die. But... that's okay. I would rather die happy today, than live a hundred years in misery.  