Have you ever had one of those days?

So the thing is , when in real life you happen to be in a situation so crazy it seems fictional you.... Well just listen to this.

Classic story , crazy guy just is, people don't realize but the crazy guy is also smart and a rhetor so the crazy guy finds some other crazy or desperate, or in our case greedy enough guys to follow him , crazy guy starts a coup , crazy guy overtakes a country , crazy guy gathers all the bloodthirsty , seemingly normal people in the world to his country with the promise of war , crazy guy wages was on well.... everyone, countries who can actually stop him don't really have any benefits in doing it so crazy guy forms an empire , AN EMPIRE , by the time previously mentioned countries realize they will no longer be able to stop him , they are no longer able to stop him.

Story skips a few years ahead , when all the previous were happening normal guy is in another countrie for his masters, normal guy finished studies , normal guy wants to go back home no matter how bad home is and how worse he knows it will be, normal guy despite everyone opposing him does go back to his home, naturally normal guy when very luckily meets a superior of the emperor to be's, since then it was still one country , plus 2 others half conquered, outer circle decides to use him to infiltrate as deep as he can and stop him. You know normal stuff.

You got the point so now let's switch to more conventional story-telling. I like to make up names for my stories even if it's a true one, so i'll follow Homers' ways : Give a name fitting of a characters personality and/or role in the story. Of course you can already tell that I'm the normal guy , so no name needed, duh . The emperor , let's call him Andrew, means masculine in greek , the guy was nuts, but he also had some big nuts to get where he was. The one I used to infiltrate him , Ephialtes, yes 300 , spartans, you know.

So I am getting a drink in a relatively high-class bar one day a few weeks after I've come into the country with some old friends and Ephialtes was at the next table. I overheard him talking about both what he did for a living and his beliefs , they weren't killing people for opposing the empire in bar talk , so I got into the conversation. Mid-way through our debate , after everyone else got bored and left , light-bulb over my head , crazy idea and I was just drunk enough so I went with it . Told him I just was ashamed of saying it in front of the others blah-blah you know. To be honest initially I did it just for the hell of it , just to see if I could , like I said i like acting and strategy games so I thought I'd try a bit of both in real-life.

Fast-forward a decade , not even my parents know that secretly I am against this all , but everyone in the world recognizes that I keep Andrew as contained as I can. I am his right hand for 4 years now , hell if he could he'd literally sew me to his right hand. Andrew doesn't like that I contain him as like I said he it's some dumb spoiled brat he was pretty smart, but he knew I was helping him be less hated while giving him some solid advice hence the right hands position.

My concience of course was not clear but I was really close to toppling a whole evil empire , that's the dream right? Well I don't like admitting it of course but I enjoyed quite a bit of it , the power , doing whatever I wanted anytime I wanted the thrill of controlling a whole war, it was more than enjoyable. I never forgot my purpose though , stopping that mad bastard from killing people. I had to find a way to destroy the whole empire though , killing Andrew alone wouldn't wield much results someone else from the inner-circle would step-up. I thought of going Hitler and just having everyone killed in a single night , couldn't find enough people I could trust , thought about destorying the empire economically , but that would mess up the lifes of people of an empire the size of Alexander the Great's with about a billion people ...... so no. I had to find a way to do it that would acutally be viable but I would still be the one to kill Andrew, I deserved the glory.

I was this close to coming up with the perfect plan yesterday when the fucking UEF , I mean what kind of name is United Earth Forces , all the free countries of the damn planet and that is all they could come up with? Anyway , UEF send assassins and go Hitler on whoever they can , you know killing everyone in one night, and they decided leave Andrew for last , goddamn show-offs. I was with him naturally , most of his inner circle was dead withing an hour so we kinda met so see who was left. Enter the hero , Captain Bastard , yes , that's the name that is fit for that guy. So Bastard lead the operation and they burst in and kill Andrew , no talking and stuff like in movies , just good old cold-blooded execution.

The things is though, although any trained assassin that has at least half a brain would have immediately either shot me too or pointed a gun at me until I was handcuffed , those idiots led by Bastard were too happy killing Andrew that they didn't do that immeditely. You know , the moment Bastard took the shot that landed between Andrews eye , was the moment he took all my glory , it was the moment he took my life's work , it was the moment he took what was worth of those long awful years that I had to have people tortured and kill and wage war and have all those perished people on my hands , my hands not his and he just waltz in and takes the fucking shot? No he does not walk in and take the fucking shot that is not fair , that is not what was supposed to happen , that is not what was meant to be and who was the fucking bastard Bastard to take it all away from me huh? I lost it jumped one of his men while they were still distracted with having killed Andrew and emptied the clip of his sub-machined gun on Bastards fucking head , hell his whole body that gun kicked. 

 Well actually after I pulled the trigger I pretty much stopped registering , I might have not even emptied the clip on Bastard , as it seems I only got two bullets on him and they were smalls caliber so he survived. I don't know why but the others for some reason disarmed me instead of shooting me on the spot and now I am at a prison awaiting trial from an international court with an international jury and many judges and stuff about crimes against humanity , some stuff about Geneve convetion etc etc etc . Wasn't really listening when they were explaining , I will tell them my masteplan and they will understand , I mean they have to don't they? I didn’t get to finish it but the intention matters doesn’t it? 

It’s been about 8 hours since the Andrew and subsequent Bastard shooting, the last 4 hours I have been in this cell, so I’ve been thinking. Maybe it was a little bit my fault for not doing it sooner, I could have started working on a play sooner couldn’t I? I mean as I said I did enjoy it, even when I was still in Andrew’s outer circle. I mean come on in any room that wasn’t our meeting room I pretty much had veto since the beginning and as his right-hand pretty much had veto always. I had everything I wanted I was king. I was king , I was goddamn king ten years and hadn’t realized I was goddamned king…..

How did it all lead up to this? Not killing Captain Ba.. Captain Moreau, that’s his real name , well trying to kill him. I mean when did I lose my purpose? I could have destroyed it all whenever I damn well wanted to , I could have gave UEF and in to slaughter them , I could have given them an in even to bring them down without a single drop of blood shed 6 or 7 years ago when I  first got into his inner circle, definitely could have when I became his right-hand 4 years ago. But I got used to it didn’t I? I was king, I was the dude I could to anything , I had veto I was the guy that dedicated his life toppling an empire ,and I would get my glory , but in the end I became the freakin’ empire in the end I wasn’t the right hand of Andrew I was his best-friend , in the end I might have attempted to kill Captain Moreau more because he killed Andrew than because he stole my glory. Shit no, I lived for that glory it became an obsession , how did I not see it? I wanted the build up to last forever, because glory we just glory , the build-up had it all.

I don’t know when the trial will be, they will burn me won’t they? What plan? Even if they do believe me I mean I became what I wanted to stop by being idle, by going with the flow and receiving all the perks from being in the emperor’s circle while justifying it all by my morals , I gave my morals up while justifying my actions with those same morals , how is that even possible who does that? What have I become?

So , have you ever had one of those days? Or is it just me right now?





P.S. I am new to writing , even the smallest feedback is appreciated 



