“Thank you, everyone, for everything. I’m so sorry.”

With that final whisper, the old man closed his eyes and passed away. The people gathered around him, a collection of relations and important figureheads, glanced around nervously.

“Why did he say sorry?!”

“Nothing seems to have changed! Maybe nothing will happen.”

“Of course something is going to happen! He was the ancient. He existed before all historical records and, quite frankly, I wouldn’t be surprised if he himself had forgotten half of the spells he had left behind in his lifetime.”

“But why did he say sorry?!”

“Who knows? Maybe he was just joking. Maybe he already put all his affairs in order before he went. It would be nice if someone finally did rather than leaving the rest of the world to sort out their dirty magical laundry.”

“Oh.”

“What?”

“Look outside.”

Everyone rushed to a window and looked out.

“Where is the horizon...”

“It’s there, just lower down.”

“What are you talking about? Where are all the buildings?”

“Gone. Look there, that’s what is happening.”

They looked in the direction indicated and watched as a tall white building slowly faded and disappeared.

“That can’t be right! He didn’t create those buildings! He didn’t create the materials did he?”

“Of course not! We don’t create buildings out of magicked materials in this day and age, for this precise reason.”

“I suppose it’s ironic that, according to historical records, it was the old man that suggested that law.”

“What do you mean? Ironic how?”

One woman let out a curse, “The damned trees in my park are disappearing! I magicked those!”

“Where?”

The woman pointed in the direction of her accomplishment, only to let out a gasp. Her finger was half faded away.

The room was silent now. Each looked at each other as they slowly disappeared. Outside, most of the city was already gone.

“Oh.”

Shortly afterwards there was nothing left but dust and a light wind. The dead body of an old man lay alone on an uninhabited desert planet.