“Please, I’ll give you my soul,” the little girl begs as her father stomps down the stairs. “I just want him gone.”
	
“Kid, you’re way to young to be using Hell Help Services—”
	
“We gotta hide!”
	
“*Sarah, I told you to stay out the basement!*”
	
She grabs the demon’s hand, yanking him around a corner. As they press their backs against it, hiding, he notices the terror on her face. You’d think being in Hell would make him a monster, but he’s mostly atoned for his sins. Thousands of years to dwell on life’s given him a new outlook, and when the Devil announced this program, he knew he could finally do something decent for the world.
	
“I can see why you want him gone.”
	
“He’s…he’s mean.”
	
A million things clang as they hit the floor, likely tools. Then glass shatters, and there’s a dull thud as something hits the wall. This dude’s going on a rampage so bad the little girl clings to the demon, clings to his burned and tattered skin. She does not fear the horns atop his monstrous head but instead the terrible ideas inside of her father’s.
	
“*Goddammit, where are you? You better not be messing any of my shit up! You hear me?*"
	
The demon clenches his fists. Restraint. He needs to show restraint. “Does he hurt you?”
	
Tears stream down her cheeks, but she quickly wipes them away. She’s trying to act tough, trying to hide her pain—but she’s bad at it. “No. He…he hurts big bro. Big bro normally protects me. They fight a lot.”
	
“Where’s big bro now?”
	
“He’s at a dance. He didn’t wanna leave me, but I made him. I thought…I could handle him for one night. Thought I could handle taking the bruises—but I need someone to protect me…”
	
Her father’s stomping provides a tense drumbeat as the demon leans forward, resting his hands on the girl’s shoulders. He understands what it’s like to be abused, to be treated like your worthless, from being stuck in Hell.
	
“Don’t blame yourself for the evil of others,” he says. “Trust me, I’m a demon.”
	
“*You goddamn kids are so disrespectful!*”
	
He takes a deep breath. The father’s walking toward them now, and the girl’s got her knees pulled up to her face, shaking as she stares at the ground. If he intervenes without taking a soul, the Devil will be furious. More years of punishment, and just when he was so close to being done.
	
But maybe…maybe if he takes another soul, a soul that actually deserves to go to Hell, the Devil will understand. At the very least, he’ll leave a positive mark on the world, even if very small.
	
“Are you sure about this? There’s no going back.”
	
She clutches her fists, gritting her teeth. Now there’s an anger inside her. “I had another brother,” she seethes before glaring at him. “He’s gone, now.”
	
Once the demon realizes the gravity of these words, he nods, standing up. He jumps out their hiding place and’s face to face with her father. Before he can even say anything, the demon opens his mouth and begins to suck the man’s soul out, leaving his body the spasm uncontrollably.
	
When her father falls to the floor, dead, he looks over at the little girl, who’s relieved. She’s crying, but the demon can tell they’re tears of happiness. This house has been a place of darkness for too long, and he expects there are far worse secrets she didn’t tell him.
	
He snaps his fingers, and now body’s covered in beat marks. Reaching out, he pulls her to her feet while she stares at it, curious.
	
“When your brother returns, tell him your father attacked, and you had to beat him with a wrench. Then call the police and they’ll handle this. You’ll both be fine. I promise.”
	
She nods, relieved but shook. He wishes he didn’t have to kill the man, but he’s the demon, and that's his burden. He can tell she’s still got a place in Heaven, though, because this isn’t her fault.
	
With that, the demon says goodbye, creating a portal and heading back home. He doesn't know whether punishment awaits him or not, but he does know he’s proud of himself for finally helping someone.
	
That makes all the punishment in the world worth it.
***
Hope this is good! Idea popped into my head the second I read the prompt. If you like this story, check out my sub r/longhandwriter or my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter)