"Oh look at me, I'm Ryan and I went with a charisma max bard!" Troy leaned back in his seat, and raised his drink to the table. He held it in the palm of his hand like he was offering it to the heavens, and complained to the universe in general "Why yes, Mr. Top of the food chain predator, I am edible. But if you'd just refrain from killing me, allow my associates to stick you full of spears, and then let us marathon jog you to exhaustion - that would be far preferable to you just tearing out our jugulars!" He switched his grip on the tankard then slammed it back on the table as foam sprayed around. "Oral tradition my ass, Jenn. You can't keep letting him get away with this."

Jennifer shrugged behind the DM screen and gave troy a pitying smile, "What do you want me to do about it, Troy? He's making the rolls." She shifted a couple pieces on the map, "and unfortunately for you, Troy - that means the sabre toothed kitty isn't going to try to kill the humans this turn. That means your bison is up, I'm gonna need a dex saving throw."

Troy cast his D20, and swore creatively when it came up a three, "ooooh, bad luck," Jenn purred around a chuckle, "Guess that means the bison looses another rung on the ol' food chain."

Troy just threw his head back and swore loudly, "Fuck! Seriously, I built a ton and half battle tank capable of running forty miles an hour with goddamn horns, and I'm the fucking prey? Not the scrawny little bipedal monkey with the nice tender food for flesh? Why even bother spec'ing a warrior? Seriously? Fucking bards man."

Liam reached over to pat Troy on the shoulder, "Could be worse man. Seriously, can't believe I thought a rogue was a good call. Rats pretty much can't take anything more threatening than a walnut anymore. At least you get to be killed by something cool like a Smilodon, I lost a peg to a bird last session. A *bird*."

At this last, Isabelle looked up, "Hey now - no shame in losing to birds! My falcons are pretty much the kings of anything under three pounds, everywhere." At Jennifer's cough she amended, "Except New Zealand, we don't talk about New Zealand. Waste of sheep if you ask me."

Ryan leaned back in his chair and smiled, "I told you guys charisma builds were the way to go. Why try to overpower things if you can just avoid them and sing funny songs instead? Most powerful loophole in Gaia Third Edition ever - can't believe you guys didn't bother to read the rule book."

----------

Edited because apparently I hotswapped the main, antagonist?, well anyway I guess troy was joking about a Jeff in his first sentence, which is not the name I used for the human player the rest of the story. That was supposed to be Ryan, that's what you get when you speed write kids. But since I'm here, have part two! Author out!

-----------

"Okay guys, pretty standard stuff here - you've got a new environment to look at as we progress to the next level. Ryan took iron working as his level eight feat, Isabelle grabbed keen eyes to assist her in dives, Liam went with silent stalking, and I forget what you grabbed Troy?" Jenn flashed a smile across the table and was met with a pissed off glare as Troy slowly masticated a pizza roll.

Like a glacier grinding its way back to the pole he swallowed as slowly as the table could stand and rapped his knuckles on the character sheet in front of him, "Well, since the long-horned Bison died out, I don't have a level eight character anymore." He glared pointedly at Ryan,  "But I'm still rolling with the American Bison." Dropping his eyes to his sheets again he sighed and started idly turning the feats pages in his player handbook, "I guess.... Whatever, I'll take herd mentality. Again."

"Strength in numbers," Ryan nodded sagely across the table, "Smart."

"Not in the mood, asshole." Troy snarled, "You fucking hunted me last week. Pull that again and I'll strangle you."

"Look man, I can't help that I'm an apex predator and you're... not. A man's gotta eat, and there isn't much meat on a Falcon."

"Hey!" Isabelle interjected.

"Or a rat."

Liam waved him off, "Fuck off." Popping a pizza roll in his mouth he rolled it to one side and spoke around it, "We'll get him Troy. He's still just a trumped up Charisma monkey."

"Grooooooosssssssssss" Isabelle whined and hit Liam on the back of his head as she made her way back to the table from the snacks counter, "Didn't anyone ever tell you to chew with your mouth closed? God."

Ryan laughed around Isabelle's outburst as he pantomimed taking an archery shot at Liam, "Soft little charisma monkeys with bows, Liam."

Jenn rapped her knuckles on the table, "Seriously guys, can we just get on with it?" As the table settled down she gestured to the map, "You're on the western plains of North America. Not too many big time predators out here, but you've got bears, coyotes, wolves. The usual. Bit of a food shortage though, lets say you all take an abundance penalty to your preferred prey - we're in a bit of a famine period in this area of the world, and it's time to shake up the pecking order. Minus-3 on any rolls against preferred prey, +2 on any roll against prey not previously hunted. Roll initiative."

"Eighteen" from Ryan

Isabelle piped up, "fifteen!"

Troy grunted, "Seriously? Again, battle tank warrior. +5 to dexterity. How exactly do I get a seven?"

"Rolling a two, I guess?" Liam grinned, "nine for myself."

Jenn pointed at Ryan, "Okay then, Humans go first -"

"Like always, the cheater monkeys triumph." Troy grumbled.

"And if the peanut gallery could tone it down, it would be appreciated," Jenn shot across the table before turning back to Ryan, "anything you want to do first?"

"Can I take a look around?"

"Sure, give me a perception check." The D20 was clattering across the table almost before she finished speaking, coming to rest showing a sixteen. Jenn waved him off, "Okay, whatever bonus you've got doesn't really matter, that's enough. You're in the center of a plain, near a little hillock. More of a mound with hillish ambitions really, but it's the high ground. There's a stand of trees about a quarter mile off, that's where the rats and falcons are holed up right now, but you finished last session by watching the buffalo roam, so you've got a herd of bison crossing by about a hundred feet in front of you."

Troy groaned loudly, but Ryan just grunted and started thumbing through his character sheets, "So the bow I got last session, that's a plus+3 to all large game right?"

"Yeah, that's right." Jennifer allowed as Troy rolled his eyes.

"Uh huh," Ryan scratched at the back of his head, "and since the Bison are currently below a predation level seven, they qualify as a game animal to anything level eight or more, right?"

"Yep." Jenn smiled as Troy began drumming his fingers louder than necessary on the other side of the table.

"Gotcha." Ryan smiled a bit, "How many hit points does a level four bison have again, Troy?"

"Just get it over with, ass. I've still got water buffalo."

"Sure you do, buddy." Ryan laughed, "Okay, no sense beating around the bush. I haven't hunted American Bison before, and they count as separate prey from the long horned variety, yes?"

"You've got the right of it." Jenn allowed.

"Okay then, I roll attack to try to take out one of the Bison -" the die clattered across the table to land face up as a 20, "and that's a crit."

"FUCKING EVERY TIME!" Troy screamed as he did his best to break the table in half.

Ryan picked up what seemed to be entirely too many die and rolled them, "five, eight... twelve, fifteen, plus+2 for broad heads, plus+2 from iron working, three more from large game, plus the new prey bonuses.... that's twenty-four base, plus my crit modifier...." Ryan made a show of pretending to have difficulty adding up the numbers as Troy fumed, "I think it comes to thirty-six all together, how's that American-Buffalo doing?"

"Thoroughly bowshot," Jenn smirked as the rest of the table laughed, "He had twenty-nine health. Congratulations on securing a new source of game for humanity."

Troy muttered, "Swear to God, next game we're banning bards. This is the stupidest thing I have ever been a part of."


