I'd long been fascinated by swords. Short ones, long ones, ones for stabbing, others for slicing, even ones for crushing. It was my life's work, no one could beat me because I would always use the weapon that most countered theirs.  
But I was getting old, and the fear of death began to creep on me. I could feel it already, sense the dead ones in the pits gazing balefully up at me when I walked by. One the day, for I had felt it building for months now, it was calm. That's how I knew it was coming for me.  
I prepared. I donned the armour inherited from my father, the one made by giants long ago. I sharpened the two handed sword until the edge was singing. I wore a mask today, one that I had found deep inside a mausoleum, which I used to scare off uppity brats that thought they could beat me. And finally I waited, at one end of a bridge, knowing it would come from the other side.  
It was there! Almost like from a hole in the ground, it crawled its way out. Long fluttering robes, gilt edged. The hood shadowing its face. And a scythe, almost as big as my twohander. Then it just waited there, not saying anything.  
I stood up, impatiently. "Well, what is it? Are we going to do this or what?" The cheeky bastard chose that moment to attack. But I wasn't born yesterday. I blocked the first hit, and swept the second aside. The hood slipped off and I saw with gleeful anticipation the shock and anger on the creature's face. No one had ever parried it before. I plunged my sword through its chest all the way up to the hilt. Using this moment to get close, I whispered into it's ear, "git gud scrub." Then I kicked the ragdolling body off with such force that it flipped once before crashing into the ground.  
It wasn't over yet though, it started to get up. But I was already behind it, waiting. This time the sword erupted out the front of it's chest. Little did the creature know, it had already been dead the moment it stepped foot on this bridge. I had carefully chosen the location, and the first kick had sent the creature dangerously close to the edge. Now, the second kick sent it over into the fridgid water a hundred meters below.  
I shook my head at the silly creature. Death isn't the final boss any more than I am. It is Gravity, the ender of all things.