Couple days ago I was pulling out of my driveway from work, I didn't realise at the time but the squirrel that lives in the oak out the back of my garden was hiding under the car from the family dog.

I only stopped to make sure I didn't hit the dog, I got out of the car and grabbed her collar to put her back inside, as soon as I was restraining her the squirrel leapt out from under the car and darted around the back. The dog of course started barking and pulling but eventually I got her inside.

Fast forward a couple months, I had a bit of a falling out with my somewhat overly attached girlfriend, I thought it was cute when we met but she accused me of being with other woman at work, being a faithful Christian I was completely against adultery but since I couldn't prove otherwise she was completely confident in my betrayal.

She shows up one day and begs forgiveness, I allowed her to come inside for a chat but I mention it had to be quick as I had to get on with work. She seemed brighter than usual and was back to her usual bubbly self so I wasn't a bit suspicious.

We have a good talk for about half an hour, before I mention my work and she apologised genuinely for taking some of my time, before she goes she asks whether I wanted a one of her sandwiches, they were always quite delectable so I couldn't NOT of accepted.

I was sitting outside in the sun on my backyard porch with my notes and laptop sprawled across the table in front of me. She quickly made the sandwich and brought it out to me with a kiss on the cheek, along with a cheerful "hope to see you again soon!" Im in a good mood and a little hungry as i missed lunch due to her visit. 

I hear the door close as I'm about to take a bite and I turn in somewhat surprise to the sound, (as I had been living alone for the few months) in my distraction the squirrel leapt from under the porch and ran off with the sandwich! No kidding! He was too fast to catch so I just watched him go with somewhat amusement.

I go inside to fix another sandwich and I notice on the kitchen bench a jar of peanut butter with the knife still sticking out the top, being extremely allergic to peanuts the jar obviously wasn't mine and I immediately draw the conclusion that my ex-girlfriend had just attempted homicide, but the only reason I was saved was thanks to the efforts of a small mammal in my backyard! 

I called the police and filed a report and my ex was charged with attempted murder, I also got a restraining order. I was about to chuck out the rest of the peanut butter when a better idea came to me. 

I went outside and placed the half-full jar in the branches of the oak, and was rewarded with the site of my little saviour scurrying out to collect the reward before darting back into his hidey-hole. 

So that's the day my life was saved by a squirrel, isn't life fantastic! 