My father loved his trains; an entire miniature world built in the basement. As a child, I never understood why, until he told me that grandpa was an engineer, driving the great loaded freights across the continent for days at a time.  My aunts said dad would sit by the tracks waiting for a train to go by, hoping to see his father... and told me later, when I was older, that grandpa really never drove a train in his life; he fixed them at the nearby yard, and didn't come home for days because he was just cycling between work and all-night drinking binges in town.

It hurt when he mocked my own hobby, just as miniature and just as specialized.  He would say "They're so ridiculous!  Ugly!  Make-believe nonsense!  And how much did you spend on THAT thing?"  Never mind that he'd just received a parcel in the mail containing a dozen little boxcars or tenders or locomotives, certainly worth a few hundred dollars.  Never touched by me of course, just straight to the layout downstairs.  

Now, watching this, this... insane, unbelievable thing going on in the big dusty room by the basement stairs, I wished he was here to see it himself.  Not out of spite for his contempt, but because, after resenting it for so long, I finally understood why he was so devoted to the tiny town, old-fashioned buildings bordered by towering plaster bluffs, tunnels, forests, even a little river.  I wished he could see what I was willing to do to protect his.. the word seemed ridiculous when I thought it... *magical* creation.

The miniscule people had explained it all to me.  They were truly desperate; the rat had already destroyed so much, taken so many from their previously idyllic existence.  I suppose they were lucky to find me here; perhaps my long and steady diet of fantastic fiction predisposed me to acceptance of something that was clearly impossible.  At any rate, after a few stunned and delirious hours and a close perusal of the damage, I had walked upstairs, returning some time later with a large hard-sided case and a few smaller boxes.  Removed their cargo, laid them out in neat blue rows across the little world.  Watched as, impossibly, they became part of its living reality.

"THE GOD EMPEROR HAS SPOKEN, WE HEAR AND OBEY", the tiny yet commanding figure declared from its podium on the edge of the raised fountain in the town square.  "THIS DAY WE DESTROY THE FOUL BEAST THAT ENCROACHES ON HIS DOMAIN.  BURN IT WITH CLEANSING FIRE.  SCOUR IT WITH HOLY BOLTERS AND BLESSED PLASMA.  FEAR NOT THE XENO, MY BROTHERS, FOR WE ARE MOST RIGHTEOUS!"