A sleek veneer of rain gathered on the window of O'Donahugh's bar. Beads of water ran down the pane, collecting over bright orange and green lettering. It was, after all, an Irish pub located in a town.

O'Donahugh's saw many different types of people. From Biker's to Construction Workers. From Lawyers, to Midwives and any job you could imagine. What people didn't know, is that the shoe-less man seen sitting on the single, weathered stool at the end of the bar is indeed immortal. Why would they though? He's never saw fit to tell anyone.

Prometheus lifted his glass of scotch - double, on the rocks - and drunk it back. It was the seventh he'd had, and there were plenty more to come. His eyes of an un-noteworthy brown danced over each and every inhabitant. He first looked at Simon the Barkeep. Prometheus was there the day he'd been hired some five years ago.

Simon walked to the end of the bar, seeing that Prometheus' glass had emptied. He arrived in his well-tailored salmon shirt and black dress pants and shook the bottle in front of Prometheus.

"Peter," Simon said. "Can I get you another? Dunnae' worry, you don't have to pay."

Prometheus nodded. "Aye, that'd be grand." He held his shot glass out and Simon topped him up.

"Say," Simon added once the glass was full. "I've seen you in here every night and I don't think you've aged a

day!" Simon gave 'Peter' a ritualistic up and down. "Well, aside from how bad you look in them clothes. What's

your trick?"

Peter danced his eyes from Simon to the shot glass in his dirty fingertips. His bare feet, equally as dirty had their toes wriggling over a cross-bar the stool offered for support. His free hand fell to a pair of pants he'd warn for three years, once bright blue jeans, now a tattered and dirty version of themselves.

"No secret lad," 'Peter' replied with a smile riding weathered lips. "Aside from not worryin' about a damn thing." He knocked back his shot and slid it against the mahogany counter top when he was done. "Y'see, that pay rise ya' didn' get? Or the girl y' never got to sleep with? Who cares. I's just one thing outta' many, many things t' come. Life ain' short. It's long and exhaustin'. Longer if you've pissed off..." He raised a finger and pointed at the roof.

"God?" Simon asked, his brows furrowing in confusion.

Peter shook his head.

"Who?" Simon pried further. He leaned on the bar and listened to Peter.

"Zeus. He's a twat, he is." Peter pushed off of his stool to his feet. "I needa' be off. S'bout time I see a bird."

"Oh!" Simon's eyes lit up. He stood tall and looked rather proudly at Peter. "You have a date? I never thought I'd

see the day!"

Peter's brown eyes landed on Simon. He shot him a furious glare. "Don't ye' be a twat too!" He begun patting

his patchwork coat with his palms, searching for money. "I uh... I cannoe' cover this bill. Think y' can again?"

"I've got it mate," Peter said with a smile and a dismissive wave. "Go get her!"

Peter returned the smile and drunkenly walked towards the door. "You're a good sort. I'll see ya' tomorrow

mate."

"See ya Peter," Simon mused. "Take care mate!"

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

And then, Prometheus walked out into the rain. His knotty and matted brown hair flattened against his face and his clothes had become soaked. He tucked his grubby hands into his pockets and set off. Walking for a good twenty blocks he was in complete solitude. Not a soul on the streets, not a car passing by.

Then, he heard it. The caw of a murderous crow looming over a lamp post. It's wicked claws digging nastily into the powder coated metal of the pole. Prometheus pulled up his collar and eyed the bird angrily. He carried on until he found an alley passing his right, complete with dumpster, burnt out car and abundance of graffiti. He turned down the alleyway and had the bird follow. He heard the flapping of it's wet wings and again, it's caw bouncing off the shallow alley.

Prometheus turned around, he looked around the alley, from the charred car to the dumpster adjacent it. To the tall windows five stories above him silently watching. The time had come. Zeus' curse was to begin. He sighed, dropped to his knee's and begun taking off his patchwork cloak. Prometheus shed the top half of his clothing and awaited the crow.

Rip! The razor sharp sting of claws found his face and he screamed in agony. The curse had begun. Prometheus was doomed to die again, like he had every night since he'd been cursed. For fifteen millennia he has been locked in a struggle with a crow for his crimes. He's destined to lose his liver, eyes and tongue every night. What a life...