"No, it isn't," I said again as everyone stared. "My license is not expired."

"Let me just check again for you, sir," the gate agent said in that falsely pleasant customer service voice that everyone despises. The one that implied right where I could take my license and shove it. She looked at my ID, placed it on the counter in front of me, and smiled widely. The sort of smile that only morning show hosts and personal trainers can achieve. "There you are, you see sir?" she asked, as if she were speaking to a small child. "Expiration date: February 12th. Next!"

She waved the person behind me forward in line. I turned around and waved them backwards again. "I insist," I said, getting less and less timid with each passing word, "that I am *not* being stupid!"

The gate agent turned her attention back to me and blinked.  It made me realize that, in general, this woman didn't blink anywhere near as much as I would have liked. This one was a long, slow blink - the exasperated sigh of the eyes. "February 12th," she repeated. "It's April 25th today sir. Over two months later."

"February 12th, 2022!" I shouted back. "That's *four years* away!"

Everyone was staring at me. And when I say everyone, I mean it. There were no less than 20 gates in this concourse alone. Beyond that, were some shops and restaurants by the escalators where people had gotten off the trams. I turned around to look. The entire airport had become eerily silent, and every single passenger - man, woman, and child, was staring directly at me. Everyone was standing up, and they were all facing me. As far as the eye could see, every human being in the place was standing facing me, silently staring. There were easily a thousand people, and it should have been a constant murmur of concurrent conversations. If there's one thing an airport should never be, it's silent.

"There's no need to raise your voice, sir," she said.

"Isn't there?" I asked. I snatched my ID back.

"Why did security let me through if my ID was bad, hm?" I asked the lady behind me in line. She just stared back at me in response, basically catatonic. 

To my right, a row of people stood in front of a bench, also staring at me blankly. A family on vacation, they looked like. Mother. Father. Two kids. The dad was wearing an obnoxious red Hawaiian shirt and had sunscreen smeared on his nose. I got right up in his face. "You wouldn't think they'd let me through with expired credentials now would you?" I moved over to the mother. "Not very efficent, is it? Not that TSA ever is." 

I got down on my knees to talk to the kids, who didn't react any more than the parents did. "But then again, nothing ever goes wrong at the *start*," I told them. "It's never the planning of a trip that goes wrong. It's never the booking, or convincing people to go, or getting the money together. That's easy, kids. Where it always goes wrong, you see, is the *leaving*. Senior year, graduation trip... planned it for months, worked at the movie theater after school all year to save up the money. Saturday morning after graduation, five teenagers pile into my car, and BLAM!" I clapped my hands suddenly in front of the kids' faces. They failed to flinch, or react in any way. "My transmission blew up, right then and there. Seconds before we were going to leave."

Across the aisle, at gate C15, a woman stood next to a coffee cup on a table. "Gonna drink that?" I asked. She said nothing. I took that as a "no" and picked up the cup. "It's always been like that," I said. "Just before the train pulled out of the station, the boiler overloaded. Just before the Greyhound bus left the station, and it snapped its timing belt. Hell, I didn't even have plans to leave when I broke my ankle. I was just out for a run. Stopped off in the town square for a newspaper and looked up over the ridge. And I thought, I could walk that far! And the very next step, I put my foot in the hole where a missing cobblestone should have been and broke my ankle. While the rest of you just stared! Thanks for your help everybody!"

I threw the coffee against the wall where it burst open. Not a soul reacted. "Thanks ever so much for your help as usual, everybody. But of course there's always one person who's always willing to lend a hand. Ought to be along any time now."

Sure enough, I looked up, and he was coming up the escalator. He was wearing a newly pressed police uniform and dark mirrored sunglasses that obscured his eyes. Just like always, he showed up just a few minutes after my latest travel mishap. He wound his way through the mass of human statues staring straight at me.

"Morning sir," he said. "Having a bit of trouble?"

"No more than usual," I said. "But you know that, of course. Otherwise you wouldn't be here. Who are you?"

"Perhaps you ought to come with me, sir," He said, and he offered me his hand, as he had a dozen times before.

It had always been the same. When I was a teenager, I thought it was just a kind offer of help for some stranded kids. "No thanks," I said. "We can manage," and we pushed the car back home.

On the train, he'd been behind me, in the next seat. "Perhaps you ought to come with me, sir." But I was young and brash and too eager to flex my civil liberties muscles. I'd asked him if I was being detained snarkily and gotten off the train to head home.

Only after it happened over and over did I realize the pattern. Every time I tried to leave, something bad happened to stop me at the last possible second, and then this police officer showed up and asked me to come with him. Never arrested me, never forced me. Just asked, politely. Every time, I refused. Every time, I walked away, and he'd be gone until the next time. This time I wasn't walking away.

"Who are you? What do you want?"

"Just to serve and protect, sir."

"And how do you intend to do that? If you want to help me, get me out of here."

"Yes sir, I will."

"Great. Tell the Polyester Smiler over there that this ID Is valid for four more years."

"No sir, I'm afraid it doesn't work like that."

"Then what do you intend to do to help me?!" I yelled. I was rapidly losing my patience.

He never lost his calm, though. "As I said, sir. Perhaps you ought to come with me. Please," he added, almost as an afterthought.

I looked at his outstretched hand. He seemed to be almost pleading with me. "Where would we go?"

For the first time, someone showed genuine emotion this morning. "Home," he said with a warm smile.

I was confused and it must have shown in my face. "This town is my home," I said.

He shook his head. "No," he said. "It's not." He took off his sunglasses for the first time since I had seen him, and I was stunned. I don't know how I could recognize them so clearly but... his eyes were my own. "Please sir. There are people waiting to see you."

I wasn't sure it was the right thing to do. It didn't feel entirely right to trust him still. But I reached out and took his hand. There was a brilliant flash, and the terminal, the airport, the town faded away.

I became aware of a dim light on my eyelids. The beep and hum of hospital equipment, and a firm grip squeezing my hand where the officer's had been. I heard another voice now. A woman's. Young... in her thirties I'd guess, hitched with tears of happiness. "Mom? Come here, quick! I think Dad's waking up!"