Feet pounding on the cobbled street he ran, lungs gasping for air as he forced his slim body beyond its limits. Adrenaline kept him on his feet as the high walls of the college came into sight. People in the street shouted warnings and profanity as he stumbled wildly through their midst. A guard snatched at him, succeeding only in getting a fistful of the boys long blonde hair which yanked free in his hand as the boy ran on, scalp streaming blood.

  
The face of the old hermit haunted him, the once great Mage had become a cynical and bitter man as his infirmities grew, cared for by Tam at the behest of the Mage Council. Imprisoned by his illnesses and forgotten by his peers he baulked at how quickly he was forgotten, once the most powerful man in the country now reduced to a bedridden hermit. His last lucid moments spent with a grin splitting his face has he laughed, driven mad by the fever he had raved and boasted of his revenge. Of how he had spent years polluting the cities magic with his own, diluting the magical constructs that kept the wondrous buildings standing defiant of mundane construction. He had eventually fallen unconscious drenched in sweat and blood, wavering on the border between life and death. The boy had watched and listened in horror until the silence deafened him, damp cloth falling from limp fingers he had fled the building. His mind filled with a single desperate thought, warn the mages. 

     

Tam, distracted by terrible images, tripped as his ankle rolled viciously on the stone bridge that marked the entrance to college grounds. Falling face first into the stone wall his vision exploded into colours, his balance seemed to leak from him as blood ran into his eyes. Desperation clawed at his mind and forced his tired body to his knees, even as he tried to plant a shaky foot on the ground he knew he was too late. When a Mage died so too did their magic and it did not die quietly.

      

The sound of shearing metal echoed through the city, the deafening boom of tonnes of falling stone sent his ears ringing. Buildings listed to one side as the very foundation of the city shook, the screams seemed quiet by comparison. Tams frantic eyes watching in horror as people fled in every direction, a group led by a tall dark-haired woman seemed to charge him from the university. The stone arch carved to welcome any who wished to learn mercilessly bisected the group crushing the frontrunners in an explosion of stone and snapping bones. Shock enveloped Tams mind detaching him from reality, he stared numbly at the crushed bodies where innocent people had stood. Tears streamed down his blood and dust stained cheeks as the bridge beneath him crumbled into the river. 
