I expected to see him. The thought of facing him made me question the worth of getting into heaven. Just open the door so I can't face my fear, fail and continue on my way to hell because logically that is where "they" are sending me anyways.

"To get in heaven.." pfft. This is just a ploy. I'm already here devil, open the door and begin your mockery. It's all I got used to life on Earth, might as well gain a few perk points in this department. Fuck. I deserve this. Bring it. I was the one who wanted to die.

The door creaked open and --- wha? Wait, who is that? For a split milisecond I didn't even recognize my own face.

"What did you say? That you deserve this??"

I just stared blankly at her. I always wondered how I looked to other people. My weird facial quirks and body language. Fuck I look way weird compared to in the mirror. My voice is unfamiliar too, just like in a recording. Fucking weird.

"You know repeating "fuck" over and over just makes you sound unitelligent."

I didn't know what to say, think or do. So I was scared.

"Don't worry, relax. I'm here to show you heaven isn't an infinite field of clouds where you worship a narcissistic god or man like you were raised to believe. It's much bigger than that"

She smiled that contagious giant smile I learned to mask and perfect. But she didn't seem to be faking

"Heaven is the opportunity to continuously learn, grow and progress. People naturally want to keep living and progress their minds and survive. Well, that is what dying is. Surving. Death is an illusion, you will continue to evolve and do great things.

You can even learn to love yourself. Because it looks like you forgot how to."

I cried. Sobbed. Bawled. It took everything for my whole body not to collapse. Motherfucker. Get the fuck away from me I can't handle this right now.

"I didn't deserve what you did to me. I hated you for the longest time and wanted nothing to do with you. Time is something youll learn more about, but just know you don't need as much of it as you think. You're wonderful, now work on creating your heaven and visit the ones you love. Forgive yourself like I did you."

I cried and cried. She hugged me and absorbed all of the pain. I had hope and I couldn't remember the last time I felt true love. True peace. Comfort.  This is true happiness.

My arm turned hot and caught ablaze. I opened my eyes and felt the strength of the raging fire engulf our bodies in flames.

I fell with a thump.

"Well, looks like you fell for my evil ploy, girl!" Laughed an eerie laugh.