(1 of 2)

Frootloops in baggies, juice boxes, bus passes, some pocket change, spare battery for their phones, their nigh-on indestructible nokia's for emergencies and a quick text to Police Constable Hayes that the kidlings would be out that Saturday night and to get his on duty officers to check back alleys for tied up criminals.

I triple checked everything as the kidlings ate their dinner. Ever since Francis had his radio active walk in with a cat, he's had a sensitive palette that wouldn't accept most veggies, but he seems to enjoy raw or rare meats fine. It was hard trying to ensure he got everything he needed, but his government mandated nutritionists said that defaulting to gummy vitamins would suffice. 

The settlement from the experimentation lab included all his health costs that came from being bitten by a radio active house cat, and covered Francis's new mutations as a result.

Viola's needs weren't nearly as intensive, but she did occasionally require maintenance from her off-planet buddies for her augments. They'd saved her from a plane wreak during her tenth grade trip to the UK last year, when a majority of her classmates had made it out using parachutes but Viola, ever the caring one, had insisted her best friend take the last chute. The aliens, watching silently, had rewarded her selfless act by fishing her from the sea and fixing her up.

I'm grateful for their kindness, I still love my daughter no matter what percentage of off-planet metal she is, but making sure she takes care of both her metal parts and the brain thats still inside her half-android body is exhausting.

And Timothy...

Well. Tim is Tim. Honestly, I'd rather let him loose with his brothers and sisters watching over him than risk him sneaking out unprepared. My boy needs his damn juice boxes and nokia!

He originally got into his martial arts training as a way to exercise and get a hold on his childhood diabetes, and ended up a world champion in twenty different disciplines before he turned 14. He wasn't allowed anywhere outside the house without a juice box or some pocket change for candy if his sugars got too low.

"Dad? Daaaad?" Viola's voice breaks through my revere.

"Huh? O-oh, sorry sweetie, did you say something?" I ask.

"I was asking if you were done." She says, pointing to their packs.

I blink, shaking my head a slight. I'd been so lost i  exposition that I forgot my quadruple check! "Just a second, sweetie." I say, starting up again.

"Its fine, Dad." Francis groans, taking his and zipping it up. "Its literal always fine. You've never gotten wrong the seven hundred other times you've made out packs."

"Well, maybe the seven hundredth and first will be the one where I forgot the cables." I say, plucking the bag from his hands to check again.

Ten minutes later, we're all at the door. "Remember, if there's a gun-"

"We run." My three chorus back.

"If the police say stay away-"

"We listen and obey."

"Curfew?" I asked.

"11 PM!" Answered Timothy.

"2 AM." My older two said.

I sigh, glad that I've drilled this into their heads. "Alright. Now, I'm not going to be home when you all get back, alright? I have a meeting tomorrow morning in another city so I'll have to get going as soon as I can."

"Dad's got a date." Viola said simply, tilting to the side a little and yaking over her shoulder. 

I make a slightly sour face. I really need to have the aliens downgrade her sensory output so she can't tell when I'm lying.

"Gross, an overnighter?" Francis says, cat ears tilting down.

"Gone!!" Timothy said quickly, running out to Feancis's car. "I call dibs on the skeezy bars!!"

"Hey! You can't even get into those, stick to street level!!" Francis shouts after him as he frantically follows.

"Dont have too much fun, Dad!" Viola says, waving goodbye as she follows her brothers.

Annoyed that I was found out, I shout after them. "Its your science teacher Mr.Kinnard, I found him on my dating app!!"

The loud screeches and groans of disgust are music to my ears as I close the door and head up to prepare for mh date.

-

I pass by my wife as I head up, her picture on the side table that holds her shrine stares up at me, I sigh and pick her up. "Do you think this one is gonna stick?" I ask, holding her up. Ashley's smiling face stares back at me, unmoving in the frame. "It's been a couple dates, so I should be good, right? Lenny knows the kids, knows what he's getting into with us, right?"

Ash doesn't respond. I sigh, setting the picture down again. I miss her, but...its been eight years since she passed. I always made my excuses for not dating, spending time with and cheering o  Tim, going go all his martial arts meets, even the international ones where he faced off grown adults three times his size, taking care of Francis as he underwent check up and researchers poking and prodding at him after his accident, helping my daughter remember that she was still human even under her synthetic skin...

But I was out of excuses and I was running out of time. After Ash's death, I got...lonely. I've ignored it for so long, but...enoughs enough. 

I need some me time too.

I went to shower in preparation for my date with Mr.Kinnard.

-

"Oh, I could talk about my kids seven ways to Sunday!" I laughed, leaning into the man's side. I was just a but wine drunk, just a bit off kilter, when Lenny Kinnard brought up Viola's 'prosthetics', our cover up for the slight limp she had when she was getting used to being a cyborg. The aliens were not yet common knowledge and had to be hidden for the time being. "We've gotten her a new leg, its this amazing 3D printed thing that lets her walk with a normal gait, it's really remarkable."

"Fascinating technology." Lenny hums. "Where did you find it?"

"Oh, this Japanese engineer I met during one of Tim's international meets." I say with a chuckle.

"Must be hard, living with and raising kids alone." Lenny sighs.

"You'd think so, but they're great," i chuckle. "Always taking things in stride, sticking together, having each others backs...I hardly have anything to worry about, honestly. It's one of the rare occasions where siblings get along."

"But surely there's issues that come up when your son is radio active and your daughter isn't entirely human, right?"

"Oh, not at all! I mean, keeping everything a zecret is a bit tiring but..." I trail off. He knew. The aliens, the radio active cat. I suddenly feel a piece of cold metal up against my stomach. A gun. "I'm being kidnapped right now, aren't I?" I ask softly.

"Yep." Lenny said, smiling.

-

"I've earned a free low fat yogurt," I say as I pull out my wallet and my stamp card. It was a joke on behalf of my kids, how many times csn dad be kidnapped before we owe him yogurt?! Of course, I had to get a stamp to go with the card.

Lenny slams my little cage with a chair. "Will you shut up?" He hisses.

Turns out, Lenny was a shapeshifting alien, amd was helbent on getting the tech that was installed in my daughters augments, and was holding me hostage until she came. My life for hers. The real Larry Kinnard was probably dead and rotting somewhere in this hideout of his.

"They're not coming." I tell him for the umpteenth time. "I've always told them to run when there's guns, and you have an entire arsenal on you so-"

A lacky alien popped up from a door way. "They're here."

"Oh, damnit." I sigh.