“Now Mortals! I, The lost King of Babylon Kuzaamanaga the Immortal, have risen from my unearthly tomb to once again rule the kingdoms of gods and See a thousand years of tyranny!”

“Well That’s all mighty fine there, you filthy Arab. But how bout you you drop the sword and staff and come with me so we can sort you out.” A very american soldier said. He stood in front of his squad who had been tasked in retrieving the lost king. The legends had foretold of him coming back and recently scholars had converted the time to show the year he would come. Having heard legends of his power, the world had deemed it an international crisis waiting to happen.

Cut to now. Unsurprisingly, the US army had encroached on Arabic land to “save” the world as they continued to say. Now a single squad of marines met the the Immortal king, hoping to end the situation before a war started against the immortal.

“You dare speak to me, ilk? I don’t understand the tribal patterns you wear, but they are shoddy compared the robes I will wear once my conquest is finished!”

“Yeah? Well how bout you saunter over to us so we can start working on your duds right away, majesty?”

“What are these… duds?” The King sneered.

“You know. Pants. A shirt. Perhaps some underwear?”

“Do not speak nonsense to me, mortal”

“Hey, you’re the one who can speak English but doesn’t know what pants are.”

“I know all the tongues of my people. It is why i’m destined to rule.”

“Well could you at least take shower? One we have you, you’ll be provided a shower”

“Silence, Filth! You have spoken ill of me for the last time. Now face the immortal might of Kuzaamanaga!” With an outstretched arm, he used his staff to summon a dark force. Black mist sprung forth at the marines, consuming them in it’s murky soot.

“Ahahahaha! That will show-” The king paused as the smoke cleared. The marines stood, confused.

“Uh. Was that supposed to do something?”

“I Don’t understand. You should be dying in pain. Covered in boils!” The king shouted.

“What? Like the black plague? We probably evolved immunity to that. Considering how old it probably is”

“Why you! You have the gall to embrace immunity when the immortal gods stands before you”

“Listen. I've heard enough. Wanna just get into our Humvee and we can talk about it on the way back to base?”

“Kuzaamanaga does not accept favour. I will destroy you and all you love. For I am the lost king of Babylon, ageless and immune to disease. My skin is hard as Diamonds and My blood is acid for those lucky enough to spill it. I can cripple men with but a gaze. Now, worthy adversary, DIE!” The king rushed forward, covering ten of the twenty feet between him and the marine. The marine shot and the king collapsed.

Several hours passed. The king awoke and found himself strapped to a gurney. A figure with a white mask covering the lower half of his face and blue robes looked over him.

“Ah! Are you a demon? I cannot die! Send me back to the living demon. Have mercy!” HE king pleaded as he struggled feebly. The masked figure pressed down on the kings shoulders

“Relax, you’re not dead.”

“Then who are you?”

“I’m your doctor. I dressed your gun wound. For a thousands of years old guy, you sure can take a hit.” The doctor displayed his bloody robes and the bullet left on a tray.

“I thank you for saving me. As such, I wish to save you by informing you to take off your robes.”

“Oh? Dry spill leave you craving? Sorry buddy, I don’t swing like that.”

“What? No. My blood is potent acid. Quickly, before it burns you to the bone.”

“Sorry. You’re blood isn’t actually acidic. Where did you come up with that?”

“Oh… Well. i thought to be the case. No one had spilt my blood. My skin was Diamond. UNBREAKABLE.” The king shouted.

“Actually, we’ve broken diamond before. The gunshot wound seemed to do the job just fine, actually. Does explain why the stitches were so difficult.”

“Break diamonds? No. it can’t be true.”

“Yeah. Pretty simple”

“Well… No matter. No mortal can kill me!”

“Maybe lupus will.”

“What?”

“Yeah. turns out while you’re resistant to most diseases, it’s not all of them. Plus, viruses have evolved a lot since you entombed yourself. Without some help, you’d be dead in 2 months, tops.”

“Oh.”

“On the bright side. You don’t seem to age. So that’s cool i guess.”

“I feel very unimportant.”

“Yeah. I get that. Anyway. See you tomorrow.”

“Yeah. See you”. The doctor left quietly. The Immortal stayed awake that night. For the first time ever, he thought of death.