Every day we met at Jason's family's farm. It was far enough out that we wouldn't be noticed, but close enough to civilization to get into some trouble.

A few years ago Andy dropped by with a case of beer. His girlfriend bought the wrong one and he figured he'd pass it along since he'd seen us out there on his way to town a few times.

We all bonded and an unusual friendship was forged. Most of us bound by shared secrets, but Andy was a wholesome change of pace.


Over time as trust grew we talked freely in front of him about our crimes. He'd laugh and tell us that we should write a book or movie. He never really seemed to understand we were talking about real events.

We'd been working together for about a year before he came along. As time passed we grew more confident and more bold in our criminal undertakings. We'd aligned with a large group and were an integral part of a genuine crime organization.

It seemed surreal at times. I can see how it would sound like the daydreams of angsty rebellious teens. We were past that point in life and were making it a profitable reality.


A few times a week over beers on the farm we planned. We all had day jobs to keep up appearances, but we'd hoped to go from moonlighting as criminals to full time. Our next heist was going to be our biggest and pave the way to our dreams.

We'd have the money to disappear and live out the lives that we longed for as thrill seekers. Bank robbery was going to be our ticket out of the rat race. The monotony of our day to day lives was finally ending and we'd live the adrenaline rush every day.


It was all coming to an end. The times together on the farm. Our friendship with ignorant and innocent Andy. Nobody had the heart to tell him. It never seemed to sink in with him and he just seemed so grateful for our company. It would be sad to see it end, but with every new beginning there are sacrifices.


The day before the biggest heist of our relatively short but lucrative criminal careers we met one more time at the farm. On the table in the barn there was a case of beer holding down a note:


"Never underestimate others.
Never overestimate yourselves.
Don't go. I'm sorry I've failed you this time."


What's that supposed to mean? What had Andy done? It had to be him. That was the same beer he'd been bringing when he hung out with us for years.


As a precaution we decided to cancel the heist and do more surveillence. We were shocked and horrified to find out we didn't need to look far to hear the story. It was all over the news.

Turns out Andy was seen disabling security measures at the bank ahead of our arrival. His name wasn't Andy. He'd been wanted for a list of crimes dating back more than 15 years. I never would've guessed he was that much older than the rest of us.


With that realization I knew we might as well have been a bunch of teenagers fumbling our way through our crimes. We weren't getting better. Our targets were getting easier.


That night we found the note was my last visit to the farm. I wasn't a master criminal. I wasn't cut out for a life of crime. We never had skill. We had Andy.


Now I have a 9-to-5 and a house in the suburbs. Sometimes I still like to dream about an exciting life of crime. I took Andy's advice and now I moonlight as an author of fictional crime drama.


Every book I write is dedicated to Andy. I hope somehow someday he sees.