"Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to tonight's 'Killing Hitler' broadcast. Before the championship game begins, we'd like to introduce last year's champion, ec_rider. Ec, how are you doing?"

"Fine, thank you. And you?"

"Ec-- may I call you 'Ec'?"

"By all means."

"Thank you. Doing quite well, Ec. Ec, there was much talk about the unusual method that you used to kill what has been described as, 'the most hated man in the world, second only to Richard Nixon'. Before this year's championship starts, could you please answer this question for our audience: Why did you use *that* method of execution?

"Well, I knew from studying historical documents that Hitler took regular vacations in a spot called The Eagles' Nest, in Berchtesgaden. Nearby was a lake where he occasionally went swimming with a few guards, and Eva Braun. When he would be the most relaxed, with Eva-- that would be the time to strike."

"The easiest thing would have been to use a sniper rifle, or something. But wildlife?"

"Well, I wanted to win, so I figured that using an angry bear would be pretty unique."

"Please continue."

"So, Eurasian brown bears had almost completely disappeared from Germany. While they were not common, they were not altogether foreign and therefore, seem suspicious. So, I captured one, and for a year straight, trained it to attack effigies of Adolf Hitler. For extra points, I trained it to go into a rage whenever Deutschlandlied started playing."

"It's amazing you didn't get hurt yourself."

"Believe me, there were a few close calls. I had to go to the hospital once for stitches on my rear end when I got too close to the bear's cage when I played the music."

"Go on?"

"So, I trained the bear to attack Hitler, and fly into a rage whenever 'Deutschlandlied', the national anthem, played. When I was ready, I took the bear to the spot at the lake where Hitler, Eva, and a few guards would be. Sure enough, they showed up on time. God bless those Germans for their punctual nature."

"I'm sure it helped you quite a bit in this case."

"Oh, it most certainly did. So, I got the cage in position behind some bushes near the spot where Hitler and Eva settled down on their blankets.  When everything appeared calm, I put Deutschlandlied on loudspeaker. Sure enough, the guards took their hands off their weapons, and saluted. When that happened, I unlatched the cage, and let loose the bear."

"And?"

"The bear darted across the beach in under ten seconds, and mauled The Fuhrer."

"I'm sure it was quite bloody."

"Oh, it was. I'd say that, after the guards were done shooting the bear, he resembled several pieces of fresh, lumpy hamburger."

"Now, for those just tuning in, and others who perhaps have never heard your story before, what was the extra twist you gave to this particular attack that put you into first place?"

"The twist was, before the bear and I settled into our spot at the lake, I had a rabbi baptize the bear."

"You mean the bear was Jewish?"

"Yep. Hitler was not just killed by a bear, but by a Jewish bear that had been baptized just a half-hour beforehand. He was even wearing a little Star of David on a collar when he attacked."

"And that was what gave you the gold medal, eh?"

"It did."

"Well, thank you ec_rider. Let's now turn to our current contestants to see how they will do. First up is a competitor from Italy who, it is said, has a fool-proof plan using ferrets and a wheel of cheese. Let's watch . . ."