Shrieking everywhere. Terror. There was a large explosion, and something large hit the building.


"A plane, a plane!" the humans yelled. 


More shrieking. More terror. Grey everywhere.

The Man dragged me on my leash, and where I was standing, a large chunk of building fell. The humans were running everywhere.

I was scared. Where was my human? Was my human okay?

The grey surrounded me everywhere, covering the humans and I. What was happening?

"A plane has crashed into the World Trade Center!" one of the humans said. "We're live in New York City. Would you look at that."


My human! What if my human was in that building? The Man held my leash firmly, but I wanted to go to the building, I *had* to see if my owner was safe.

With a pull, I bounded away far from the Man who was holding me firmly by the leash. Running as fast as my legs would carry me, I went deeper and deeper into the grey. It grew hotter. I started to cough.

*Humans,* I thought. *So many humans, but I must save my owner,* I thought. But then I thought again. There were other dogs that would miss their owners. Without them, they would go back into the bad place. They might be killed. They'll never know a home again.

On I went, digging through the rubble. There were sharp pieces of metal. There was fire. There was smoke. None of these things would stop me from saving my human-- no, *the* humans. All the humans I could.

I felt a shaking under my paws. I sniffed-- there was a human! Willing myself, I dug as far as I could into the rubble until I saw human flesh. I barked, hoping the humans could come help this human. I had to save more humans.

The humans came! Wagging my tail, I pointed to the human. With their special human tools, the human was free and sent off in a truck. *Hopefully she's okay,* I thought.

On and on this went, through the noon, afternoon, finding more and more humans. There were so many humans... how could such a bad thing happen? I had found 53 humans so far, and each one had been safe and sound. Then I heard a familiar voice.

"Help me," it said. I don't understand human-speak, but this human *definitely* needed help. There was lots of blood.


As loud as I could, I let out a howl. It rang out, until the humans came. This time around, they stared for a while. I pulled at their clothing-- they needed to hurry. "Dig her out!" one of the humans said. This time around, I helped the humans. It had to be done as fast as possible.

*You seem familiar,* I thought.

It was all too familiar.

It was my owner.

"This person is dead," the same human said. "Carry her off."

I sensed sadness in the air. What was wrong with my human?

They carried her off, and the next moments felt as it they were going by at godspeed.

Chasing the ambulance. Following human. Bad men came. I slept.


I woke up. There were metal bars.

*No,* I thought. *No, no, NO!!!*

The Kennel. My human must be dead.

I didn't eat, and I hardly drank, for the next few days. My human was the love of my life. No point in living anymore. 

I was in the kennel for 5 years. No one loved me, for my scars had earned my a bad reputation, even among the dogs. Rumor went around that I had killed humans. That I killed my owner. Every night I would cry. I wanted to die.


One night, I drifted off to sleep. I woke up in a white room. A female human walked in, all dressed in white. I had a bad feeling about this. She had a syringe in her hand, and was walking towards me. Then she passed by me. I looked backward, and saw a dog-child. She was quite young, and her fur was quite matted. It seemed as if her owner never loved her. She stared at me, then closed her eyes as the syringe went in. She laid down, stirred, and never woke up. Then, the human lady walked up to me and said "Okay, you're next big guy."


No. I wasn't ready. I couldn't go out in such a way. The raw instinct inside of me was unleashed, and images of my human appeared. My human wouldn't want this to happen to me.

Bounding through the room. Running head on into doors. Smelling fresh air. I hadn't smelled fresh air in ages! It was as if I was reborn. It was green. It smelled like grass. 

The humans were chasing me. They had large leashes. They had guns. They were going to kill me! 


I paused for a moment. Where would I go? There was a little town nearby. I didn't know it at all. The humans would. Then there was a forest. Every dog knew the forests, but not the humans. And off I went. I would live here. This is what my human would have wanted.

I wandered in the forest for many a light. There was little food, but I was free. No more kennel for me. Sometimes I wonder if I should have never ran from the white room. Maybe I should have died. Dogs believed that when they died, they would see their human in the afterlife. I wanted to see my owner again. I wanted to be loved.

Many months had passed since I had seen a human. I was growing old. I had forgotten about the humans. On a rainy day, I heard a quiet murmur. It sounded familiar, like it was something I had known all my life. I walked to it, then ran, then almost flew. I was... curious. Adrenaline filled me, I needed to know. 

It was a human. I looked at the human, and the human saw me. The human looked scared. I had scars and matted fur. The human probably didn't like me. I walked off, when it started talking in an excited voice.

"Here boy! Come 'ere!"

Was she talking to me? I cautiously went towards the human. She held her hand out. I sniffed it. She patted me and I yelped in fear. Then our gazes locked. *How about that,* I thought. She fumbled around, and pulled out a piece of meat. She threw it in the air, and it fell on the ground. *Yum,* I thought. *I like this human already.*


What I didn't know then was that she would be my friend for the rest of my life. We would grow together, and I would love her, and she would love me. She gave me the one thing I had wanted since my old owner had died. She had given me love. Not just any kind of love. She would die for me, and I would die for her. 

* * *

"Are you ready big guy? You're going on an adventure *all by yourself.*" She wept. I loved adventures, but something was off. She loved our adventures, and she was crying.


She walked with me into a room. She left, and I pawed at the door. I was weak. I was old. A woman called me to sit on a table, and she was holding a syringe. 

My time had come. Was it over already?

Yes.

I had been loved, I had given love, I saved, I have been saved. I lived a good life.

With one little prick. I felt all the emotions I felt in my life in an instant, and I was gone. I truly had lived a good life.