Upon the lands of Disbelief, an unlasting layer of night settled under the reign of the Vampire Empress. As the fallen heroes fought by the sword, at last they were defeated, left to blight dried out of blood, facing the merciless Empress. Ever then the villagers of all the land suffered regular attacks and persecution, spreading the infection through the veins of the sane.

The villagers, who were under a kind ruler, flourished their many fields, their labour sweaty and their hearts upbeat. Under the bloody slaughter of a single woman, pallid of complexion and the bust covered in blood, just a bite sufficed to turn each villager into a ghoul of humanity, creeping as a predator with relentless hunger.

Although the reign of the Vampire Empress had begun in despair, the ghouls crawling in the ruins of their last day raised over time, becoming the metropolis of the dead. For after becoming ghouls and losing their souls, they had turned into vampire beings as the blood of the Empress that had bit them flew in their veins.

What they had lost in hopeful labour, they won in endless leasure. What they had lost in their souls, they had won in the lucidity of predator.

Watching over the heights in this metropolis of sorts, squinting through red eyes that were reflected by the moonlight, as to look like a slight ember, carved in the pale of her face, the Empress expressed a sad smile. She thought of mortality and lucidity, of love and soul. Despite she lived eternally, her soul hadn't disappeared. Even if it saddened her to have brought fright and death in the most horrible way, destroying the peace and bliss of a people. Because her motive was all so carved in her face, of wrinkles a bit perceptible : cursed, she would witness for eternity the joy of the people before disaster occurred.

As the nightly wind blew her hair of silver, she felt bitter, an aftertaste of childhood much ago.  


AFTERWORD : The heroes part does not matter much, what you should read in it is that in such a reign there is no need for iron first leadership as the ghouls have no will, and the thing better is the lucidity of life they have gained, which may not have been so better for them, and more for the Empress ?