There I was, a mere mortal soul among the deities of old. I had been to a convention or two in my previous lifetime, so it had a familiar feel but something was just... uneasy. There was a flood of others like me and unlike the conventions I had attended, I couldn't feel anyone pushing or crowding around me, which was nice but hollow. I looked around and saw what felt like countless booths, each with its own proprietor and festive decorations. There was an aisle lined with marble columns and one with ornately decorated totem poles. I began closer inspections to get an idea of what was going on.

There were grayish floating masses everywhere. I looked down at myself and while I share a hue or two with these ghouls, I had a familiar form compared to there floating gas-like balls. It was kind of cool to see a real manifestation of Buddha and Zeus. History was a fond subject for me and it made me a bit uneasy to see what I could only imagine was Ra. I don't know much about the Egyptian gods and goddesses but I figure every sect is pulling out the big guns for this event. It was all a bit much to take in as it really defied everything I knew and believed in. Or, well, didn't believe in.

"You there," I hear above the murmur of the crowd. I instinctively know that I must be the target of this beckoning. "You seem to be lost and that is unusual here. Are you a free agent?"

I turn and look and see the image I have always had of the Roman god, Mercury. His bronze helmet has wings and so do his sandals. His tunic is white like a cloud. Not a solid white but almost translucent as if I stared long enough I would stare straight through to blue skies. It was starting to hypnotize me in a melodic and soothing fashion. He snapped his fingers and the trance was broken.

"Hmmm- What?" I spit out as I come back to my senses.
"A free agent. You know, one of the lucky few who get to choose teams after the game has been played?!?"
"I am not sure I am following."
"Come with me then. Maybe I can explain it." He reaches out his hand.

I go to take it but a giant ax blade comes out of nowhere and severs his hand in a flash. The Roman god rolls his eyes and instead of a bloody hand falling to the floor, his hand transforms into a bluish cloud and dissipates into the air. A brief moment passes and the hand is whole again.

"Trust not that heathen," a deep voice bellows. The air is filled with electricity and I feel the hair standing up on the back of my neck. I follow the ax to its handle and the handle to its wielder. A giant, blond man garbed in a fine tunic standing at almost two feet taller than me looks Mercury dead in the eyes. "He would have taken your hand all the way back to the underworld. Be wary of he." Mercury scuttles off and vanishes into the crowd.

"Thor!" I exclaimed. 


"Meinfretr! A few movies and a comic book and everyone is an expert in Norse deities. I am no god of thunder, little one. I am Forseti, Norse god of Justice and Truth." He says modestly, yet still very aggressively as he politely bows.

"My apologies. I meant no offense. I didn't think there was anything after death. I am just very lost and confused right now."

"As you should be. You must be a wanderer. I do not envy you."

"What does this mean? Wanderer? Free Agent? I have no clue what is going on." I was getting frustrated and I could tell he could sense it.

"In life, you choose a god, goddess, or... whatever. You pray to it. You call upon it. You devote your life to it. Then you die and come here. If you do such, you go straight to that deity and they collect you. However, little one, you chose not to choose. So now you have to wander the aisles and eventually make a final decision."

"What is in it for them? Why am I important?"

"Foolish mortal. How important is a single gold coin to you? Worthless. How much worth does a pile of gold coins have? Depends on the pile."

"So... I am loose change in the couch trying to decide which piggy bank to enter? I assume I get some sort of choice by the titles I am being referred to by?" I replied as I attempted to put the pieces of my situation together.

"Close enough."

"So... do I get something in exchange for my soul?"

"It depends on the contract you sign. Some even more foolish mortals sign away their souls before they arrive and get nothing they may take with them. Other, more conservative mortals, like you, might be able to bargain more readily and easily."

"Hmmmm. I find this interesting. So, what would I get if I pledged my soul to you?"

"Valhalla."

"That doesn't seem all that fun." I said hesitantly, just now realizing I was insulting this god's way of life and culture. 

"It is not the place the poems describe it as. It is far grander."

"So it isn't a giant feast and fight?"

Forseti seemed stunned. "Actually that is quite accurate. How have you come about such knowledge?"

"My former country didn't invest well in public education so I guess you could blame lots of misinformation and poor instruction."

He nodded in amusement.

"I'm going to definitely put you at the top of my list, Foresty. I just want to hear some other offers first. I appreciate your help and wisdom!"

Forseti started to correct me but I was already walking away toward my first aisle. So many to choose from and with no deadline, I really seem to have my pick of the litter. But where do I start my journey of 10,000 steps? I could go East to West or should I go first to last? I begin scoping out the aisles and I see my pick. First up, the Inuit gods.