"Please Alex, we need your help", whimpered the hulking, wolf-like creature sitting at my doorstep. "The survival of my kind balances on a precipice - should we fall, it would mean our extinction." A vestige of saliva dribbled down its mouth and quickly became lost in its shaggy coat.

I should have slammed the door on it, or called the police or, well, just about *anything* other than what I did.

"Would you like a cup of tea?" I asked, as I gestured it inside. I never knew why I said it, but perhaps it was because I felt pity for the wretched thing. Its fur was drenched from the night's rain and it was shivering terribly; in its huge cobalt eyes, I swear I saw tears welling. The weight of the world seemed to rest on this creature's broad shoulders.  

It pushed itself up with its front paws onto its great hind-legs. It walked slowly towards me, its breath wafting up my nostrils and signalling that the end was fast approaching.

But I was wrong; the creature leaned forward and put two great paws around my shoulders. Then, it licked me. It's slobbering tongue, the texture of damp sand-paper, ran up my face from chin to ear. I stood paralysed as he strode through the doorway. Saliva dribbled down my cheek, before falling off and exploding onto the floor. 

"Thank you," he said, as he shook himself dry over my imitation Persian rug. I grimaced.

"My name is Driptooth," he continued. "Mind if I..." he asked, pointing towards my armchair.

"I'd prefer if you-" but he'd already leapt onto it; he quickly curled up, wrapping his tail around him for warmth.

"What do you know of the five universes?" he asked, as he wiggled his bottom deeper into the seat. 

"The five..."

"You do know of the five universes, do you not Alex?"

"I-  I don't even know what *you* are," I snapped. "I sure as hell don't know what you're going on about! You seem to be some kind of very well-spoken, lilac-furred, *wolf creature*, that *somehow* knows my name - and that I've very foolishly let into my home. You've practically ruined my best seat and you're probably going to eat me. Or perhaps I'm just imagining things, in which case I must have some kind of head-condition and I need to urgently visit my local GP!"

"Calm down, Alex," it said, in a deep, soothing voice. "Take a seat. Let me explain." 

Its tone and intonation were somewhat hypnotic, and I found myself drifting over to the sofa opposite Driptooth.

"Your universe is not alone. There are more - four more, to be precise."

"Of course..." 

He snarled and I quickly shut up.

"Each universe is missing one of the creation elements. Water, Earth, Fire, Air, or Magic. My universe is missing Water."

"You have no water? Then how are you even dribbling?" My head was swimming. 

"Let's just say, it's not water."

"Wait, did you say *magic?*"

He growled again. "Yes. Each universe lacks an element. Your lacks magic. That's how I got here, of course - although it should **never** be used in that way!" He bared his teeth and seemed angry with himself.

"Oh. Of course. Magic's a thing."

He held a paw out in front of him and uttered inaudible words. Suddenly, there was a rather sharp looking rock resting on his paw. 

"You... created a rock?"

"I transported it," he corrected. "And it's a *scratching* stone." Even as he said the words, he'd begun rubbing it deep into his fur. Dribble oozed out of his mouth like water from a tap in desperate need of a plumber.

"Okay!" I shouted, hoping to protect my armchair from a further downpour. "I get it. You can... magic."

"Yes! And as you can see, *I* can do it even in your universe, although not to the same extent. Alex," He began to speak softly, "I have travelled a long way and risked much to seek your help."

"You came all the way here for me? Why?"

"In each universe there is a master of a single element - a creature that can use it and manipulate it like no other. In this universe, you are that person."

"I'm... I'm just a fire-fighter," I replied. "I can't do anything special."

"Ah-ha!" he exclaimed, as he leapt out of his seat and onto his hind legs. "I *knew* you were the right person. Although you had me wondering for a while!" He let out a loud, satisfied howl; ornaments and pictures began to shake.

"How can I be the right person?" I asked in disbelief.

"Because you fight fire, of course." He sighed, and sunk back down into the armchair. "Two of the four universes have made an alliance. They now control all five elements, and together have already wiped life from one universe. They are intent on doing the same to mine. Once they have destroyed us, they will destroy you." 

"I'm very sorry, but what can *I* do?"

"They use fire against us. My family - entire species - will burn if you do not help me. "

"You think **I** can stop it?"

"If you can't," he let out a high pitched whimper and looked down at the floor.

"I guess.... I guess I could try," I said.

He leapt up and licked my face.







         