The caterpillars! Had evolved their fangs to pierce the humantation skin this would normally bring about the onset of having issues with our osmosis but nothing big. However this time the species started laying their eggs inside. There was no way to counter that. Millions died the world was crawling with these caterpillars. 

I was bitten 16 hours ago and was awaiting my fate. Heard a rustling in the backyard. Thought I'd check it out. It was father roots. One of the last remaining of his kind. The new species where carnivorous plants' pollen had accidentally landed on humantations especially in flowering season. They had evolved on their own by only being carnivorous. The exact opposite evolution of where the humans were going. Humans were becoming plants and plants were becoming more human. Father roots had always appeared for people at times like these. I knew he had something for me but I let him speak. 

I have heard of the epidemic your kind is facing, he said. It is inevitable, your fate that is. However, there is a way. A way that no one endorses a way that will undo everything! What is that? I asked. You have to ingest proteins again specifically animal protein? What??? Yes!
But that destroy my genome completely. Remember what happened to the EATERS?? Those blackened bodies losing the green that we always had. But still it's better than death. It is time he said. And with that he pulled a red meaty morsel from his side. Eat! How? Those tiny needles in your mouth with those. They are not what they were but they will still work. Took a bite. It tasted awful. A strange sensation of upheaval in my belly. Then the metabolism kicked in. Body temp went up like 10 times. Smoke rising from my head. The smoke smelled like burning leaves. Yes the body was kicking out chlorophyll that delicate balance kept for centuries undone in seconds. Fibers reprogramming to tendons and muscles. The body temp rise took care of all the eggs and pests. But now we had another problem and father roots was looking at my head in a very peculiar way......

To be continued!