Love ran his fingers over the controls of his emotional control centre, the buttons, levers, cranks, and switches blinking and chiming in response to his delicate touch. He sighed in satisfaction as he input a few commands, the beautiful machine translating them directly into actions. Small actions, yes, mostly inconsequential ones, but a lot of small actions can lead up to one big action, he knew.


Happiness stood close by to him and looked over his shoulder curiously. "Why are you taking Jeremy to her apartment? They aren't together anymore, remember? She can't make him happy anymore, so there's no need to be here."


Love didn't respond, but simply input a few more commands that resulted in a few more minor tweaks and changes to Jeremy's mind. And it was a beautiful mind, truly. He was so clever and so kind and so...loving. Love thanked his lucky stars that he created to help look after this wonderful human being.


"She cheated on us with another man..." sadness moaned, curling his arms around himself as tears welled in his eyes. He was the one who was hit the hardest over the events of the past few days. "We walked in on it, and she screamed that she...she..." He couldn't finish the sentence as he collapsed into sobs.


"In our own fucking bed." Anger continued quietly. Rage never talked quietly. He was a loud, abrasive fellow who thought that a sentence wasn't worth saying if it didn't contain a curse. "She fucked him in our own fucking bed."


"Don't you all worry, I'll make everything right again." Love said softly, pressing buttons as delicately as a pianist would the keys. The only difference between him and the pianist is that the one makes music that everyone can hear. Love was making music on for Jeremy. Sweet, loving Jeremy.


Disgust to the side, looking apprehensive. Fear was nowhere to be scene. "What are you going to do? Make him feel better?" Happiness asked, sounding a little bit hopeful.


Love smiled. "Oh yes, much better. Everything will be okay now. You'll see." Jeremy was now walking down the hallway towards the apartment where the whore lived. Love sighed as he saw pressed the last button, and a feeling of peace washed over him.
Through the eyeviewer, Love and the other emotions looked through Jeremy's eyes as he glanced at the knife in his hands, reassuring himself that it was still there. His knuckles were white on the handle and his hand shook with how tightly he was gripping it.


Disgust was the first to realize what was happening. "Love, NO!" she cried, throwing herself at the controls. Love, not caught by surprise that she would be the one to try to stop him, quickly grabbed her from behind, his arm around her neck as she struggled to stop what was happening.


"No." Love hissed. "This is what he needs. This is what's best for him."


"Not...like this!" Disgust cried out. Love gritted his teeth and tightened his hold around her neck. Her voice was cut off completely, but she continued to thrash in vain. Love wasn't going to let her ruin this him. For Jeremy.


They all watched as Jeremy knocked on Bethany's door. After a moment, she opened the door and did not look happy.
"What the fuck are you doing he-" she started to say before Jeremy rushed through the door and clamped his hand on her mouth. Her eyes widened and she started to scream as he plunged the knife into her midsection. She bit his finger, hard enough to draw blood. Jeremy drew the knife back and plunged it again. She released her bite as she started to choke on blood.


Love smiled beautifully at the scene of her terrified eyes as Disgust's struggling slowly started to weaken until she stopped moving entirely. He dropped her to his feet, stepped over her, and resumed his place on the console, inputting a few more loving commands.


"This what you get." Jeremy whispered as the whore died a well deserved death. He brought the knife up to her face, and her eyes bulged for a moment before he plunged it into her neck. "This is what you get for what you did to me."


"Yes." Love sighed as he watched her eyes close finally. "Now everything is right in the world." He looked at the other emotions. Happiness looked pale and wide eyed, Anger was still muttering curses to himself, and sadness was a crying mess on the floor. They were all useless. "No matter." Love said. "I'm the only one you need, Jeremy. I'm the one who really, truly loves you.
There was a noise further in the apartment that drew Jeremy's attention. "Hey babe, you alright? I thought I heard something..." From Bethany's bedroom emerged a half dressed man, one that Jeremy had seen before.


Love's smile widened. "Well, maybe not everything." he whispered as he put his hands on the controls once more.