He would never have made the Mistake himself. A life of endless torments on some volatile planet in the spiral arm of an otherwise empty galaxy? A life whose equilibrium of disease risks and accidents and natural disasters was such that almost every person found themselves to be a member of a population in line for *some* tragedy, but where some people were able to avoid their tragedy's worst effects, simply via time and place of birth? A life where any unexpectedly positive event was popularly decreed as a miracle? How inefficient. How arbitrary. And to top it all off, the residents of this world had no idea why they were here! They had no idea of the crimes and sins they had committed in the past; no idea that they were in the process of punishment. God had created a world of peril and pain as an incentive for those who had visited it to do better in their next go\-around, and yet completely wiped the memories of all who came here. And what's more, he also wiped their memories on the way back! It was a system optimized to fail, and so it really shouldn't have been a surprise that when it suffered a bug it would cause it to work better.

He was the bug in that system. For thousands of years, and hundreds of go\-arounds, he had found himself immune to the memory stripping features, found himself immune to the nonsense and noise that the HELL program had now introduced to civilization. 

Every time he found himself in this world, ripped from his pure\-energy form, relegated to some weak body that was destined to decay from the moment of birth, he had pushed advancement a little bit farther. He had been the first to capture the flame, and to seed the crop. He had been Democritus, speaking truths about the nature of matter, and he had been Copernicus, forcing this world to understand its true \(and shameful\) place among the heavens. He had been Newton and Einstein. And now finally, after two\-thousand thirty\-three of these wretched years, his plan was coming to completion. 

Elon Musk stared at the massive, mile high colony ship, poised on the platform, preparing for the greatest revolution in history.

He would not bow to this lesser god.