Some people love God, some people think the idea is silly. One man, however, not only rejects the idea- he sees it as *cancer*, slowly eating away at the health of humanity. In his eyes, it does nothing but breed animosity, hate, and causes unnecessary division between fellow men. It acts as a shield for evil, and a vice by which to trick the less fortunate.

Much in the way Hitler thought murdering those he saw as 'unfit' would 'cleanse' society, this man took it upon himself to erase religion. With a time machine he'd stolen from the government, the only one in existence, he went back and murdered all those who tried to embrace religion. He wanted to create a new timeline where humans embraced each other instead of God; one where love was worshipped rather than a cross or stone.

Yet, when his hands were marred with the bloodstains of a billion people, and he returned to his own time, it was *he* who had become God. The Purger of evil, the Punisher of wickedness. *He lights the path for those trapped in darkness.* Every last human on the planet idolized his very existence.

And it was then that he came to a conclusion: religion is not *like* a cancer, it *is* a cancer. Much in the way race or nationality inherently brews conflict but cannot be removed, religion is a part of the human psyche. He could not stop it. What good would murdering the whole world do? He could assume his position and try to do good, but that would defeat the purpose. The point of his work was to *free* humanity, not chain it to his own will.

Still, they chanted his name on the streets. He could hear them from his room, the sound clogging his mind.

How can you save those who freely choose not to be saved? Why does humanity wish this upon itself? He couldn't find any of the answers as he sat in bed, playing with a loaded .44 magnum.

Perhaps people are just meant to be slaves, cowering under the lash of their own fears. Perhaps they can't ever be released from their prison.

He stared down the barrel of his magnum as though it contained the answers he so desperately needed. Perhaps the human species can never be saved from itself.

*But I can be free.*

----

*thanks for reading! if you enjoyed it, check out /r/resonatingfury!*