I stared at her, she stared back, but the looks on our faces were so wildly different from each other.

"Huh?" I asked, answering her question with a question of my own. I stuck my fork back in my salad and took another bite. She had to be messing with me.

"Who are you talking about?" she asked, her face starting to flush. I furrowed my brows and stared, momentarily matching her confusion.

What the hell was she talking about? My story hadn't been *that* weird. I mean, a discussion in child psychology class isn't the most standard of lunchtime chat material, but it wasn't weird. I blinked a few times as I chewed, chewing on her question in my mind. It didn't make sense, she knew my twin brother, she'd raised him for Christ's sake.

My reaction didn't seem to spark anything of her and she still looked at me with the same expectant gaze. I didn't know what to say.

"My twin brother..." I said, my voice trailing off. It was an obvious statement that I didn't think I'd have to repeat.

My mom's eyes widened, staring at me in a way only a mother could. Something was wrong.

"Honey..." she said, her voice little more than a peep as she did. She put the spoon in her hand down and started to rub my arm.

I tore it away. "What are you doing mom? What's wrong?" She looked at me hard, the beginnings of a tear welling up in her blue eyes.

I put my fork down too and grabbed her hand. "What's wrong mom?"

She started to shake her head, sniffling a bit and blinking away a tear. "Nothing sweetie. Your story just surprised me is all."

I shook my head too, but for a completely different reason. "What? Why was my story surprising?" I heard a hitch in my voice and it was much shakier than I'd intended.

With another sniff, she'd all but collected herself. "It's not..." she started, her voice not getting very far. "Do you remember why you enrolled in that child psychology class?"

Lines appeared on my forehead and I nodded. I did. I'd decided on the class right before the deadline and I'd been stressing out about it for the entire week. I remembered picking all of my classes quickly, going off recommendations and all of the cheap advice I'd found online because I hadn't had time. A light chuckle raised itself to my lips as the memories flooded past.

"Yeah," I said, my tone finally steady. "You said I should take it and I trusted you. You really saved my ass there, ma." I ended with a laugh, my smile growing as I remembered the day.

She didn't smile though, he mouth closed shut. She pursed her lips and took a deep breath before she even started her reply.

"Do you remember why you needed my recommendation?" she asked, her voice low. It was missing all the excitement.

"Y-Yeah," I said, caught off guard by her tone. "I was pressed for time because of the accident."

She shut her eyes tight, sniffling into the air, and she pulled her arms back. I went and grabbed her hand, closing it between the two of mine to comfort her. I didn't know why she was so upset, but I wanted it to stop.

"You remember the accident?" she asked in a tone barely more than a whisper.

I nodded, using my words to reaffirm. "Yeah... Ben and I got into a minor crash on our way up to college... How could I forget?"

Memories of it filled my head, the images all playing in front of my eyes. I saw the car that Ben hadn't seen when we went through the intersection, I heard my warning that he'd heard only a moment too late. I saw the hospital bed and the family all visiting. I saw the worry on their face, as if someone had just died. I remembered it all like it was yesterday.

How could I forget?

Tears streamed down her face as she opened her eyes, staring right back at me with all she had. Why was she so sad? Everything had been fine.

"Mom..." I heard a voice say. It took me a second to figure out it was my own.

"Do you remember what happened?" she asked so softly that only I could've heard. Her words wormed their way into my mind.

Of course I remembered, I told myself right then. How could I forget? I remember the pain, the talks of surgery. I remember stressing about college when I'd come out, pressed for time. I remember asking for recommendations from everyone. Ben had helped the most. He'd enrolled in a lot of the same classes as I had. He'd always known what would've been fun to take.

I smiled as I thought about it, clenching on her hand as firmly as I could. I looked her straight in the eye.

"Of course!" I said, trying to make her feel better. "The crash was bad and it set us both back on time. I remember the whole thing! How y'all came to get us. How much you cried. But I remember walking out of there with Ben completely fine," I heard a high pitched noise come from her and more tears streamed out.

"Hey," I said, looking back into her eyes. "What's wrong?"

She sniffled one more time and pulled her hand away. She wiped the tears from her face before looking back at me.

"You didn't both walk out of there you know." Her tone was solid and firm but her words didn't make any sense.

I shook my head and let out a breath. "What are you talking about?"

She reached out her hands and held onto mine this time, staring right into my eyes. "Oh sweetie," she said, her voice catching just a bit. "Ben didn't make it. Remember?"

Her words echoed in my mind, bouncing off the inside of my skull. Tears welled up in my eyes and it happened all at once. I remembered.

---

/r/Palmerranian
