Caesar crumpled to his knees, clothes red, life ebbing into the floor around him. 

He tried to inhale and instead felt the unstoppable torrent of blood clogging his mouth. His voice failed him. 

He was dying. Again. 

Craning his neck up, he saw the next attack coming before it embedded itself in his chest. The handle of a dagger, golden, embellished with a myriad of jewels and gemstones, came into Caesar's vision, just below his heart. 

The dagger he'd given to his most trusted ally. 

"Et tu, Brute?" 

The now blurring figure of Brutus attempted to look somber. They failed, a smile breaking their lips. 

*'I should've known*', Caesar thought to himself. 

Brutus - no, *Aegis* - leaned in close to her lifelong foe, pressing her lips to his ear. *Her ear.* 

"I win, my dear Eve." 

-----

"It seems my cover has been blown," Queen Elizabeth muttered, kicking up a cloud of ash with her foot. The simple motion sent a spasm of pain through her spine. 

Eve hated the Queen's form; old, decrepit, ostensibly every bit as unrelenting in dying as she was. 

91 fucking years of marching towards death's door, never quite able to open it. 

Aegis - *or, rather, Betty White* - quirked a brow, a rare look of surprise crossing her features. 

"My, my. That's quite the bit you've got yourself. I never would've guessed. Honest to God. You have a thing for monarchs, don't you?" 

Elizabeth rubbed the scar under her heart. "Power gets me things I want," she said blankly. 

"Like daggers in the chest?" 

"It has its shortcomings." 

"I was genuinely surprised you survived that time, really. I'd been pretty damn thorough. Even went and celebrated." 

Elizabeth grinned sheepishly. "*Please.* We've both been through worse. Remember Romeo and Juliet?" 

"Oh, Christ, that's the last time I'm pretending to kill myself on your behalf." Betty chuckled breezily, sitting herself down with a slight hiss of pain. 

Elizabeth copied, sitting opposite her on the ground. "Gods, these forms are pathetic. What can a hag of a monarch do without subjects to command?" 

"Complain, evidently." 

"Screw you." 

"I *told* you to not remind me of Romeo and Juliet." 

Elizabeth snickered, clicking her shoulders as she leaned back and forth. "Hey, our little shenanigans made for a pretty good play." 

"Two of them, *Caesar*." Betty stared at her partner pointedly. 

"I don't like to think about that one. Makes me cry every time." 

"The pain or the fact I played you like a puppet?" 

"Both, really." 

Betty clicked her tongue, holding up a hand as she fumbled through her inner-pockets. After an age, she produced two small vials, laying them on the ground between her and Elizabeth. 

"Look, Liz - *Eve* - I know we've been at it for quite some time, so long I've forgotten all that matters. Even the thought of killing you has lost its novelty at this point."

"I'm flattered."

"But the fact is we both want the same thing. Truly. What else could we ask for after so many years?" 

Elizbeth didn't take her eyes off the vials, the creases in her forehead becoming prominent as she furrowed her brows. "This *can't* possibly be your new way of tricking me." 

"Look me in the eyes and tell me we don't want the same thing." 

Elizabeth met her rival's unyielding gaze. In that moment, she felt wearier than she'd ever done before; as if every year, century and millennia she'd suffered all caught up to her at once. 

She keeled over, clenching her fists as a violent cough shook her body. 

"Our curse," Betty muttered, her expression morose. "The sad fact is, I don't think we can die in competition. Time has proven it an innumerable amount of times." 

"Then *how?*" Elizbeth lurched forward, grabbing Betty by the collar. "How the fuck can this all end, Aegis?! I'm tired. I'm weak. I've experienced every pleasure there is in existence, every form of suffering one can imagine; torture, heartbreak, betrayal, love, you name it. All of it with the hope that one day, one distant, singular, moment in the future, I'd be able to end it all. And you're telling me it'll never happen?" 

Elizabeth let go of Betty, slumping against the ground, her face collapsing into the dirt. 

"You and I both, Sister." 

Elizabeth let out a low chuckle, although the sound was bitter. "That's a new one." 

"Your existential dread has helped breed a little kinship, let us say." 

"*Dread* doesn't do it justice. Children dread the boogeyman. Adults dread unemployment and filing tax returns. I don't think there's any word that can explain what it really is. Nobody else has lived long enough to make it." 

"You're a real bore when you're like this, you know that?"

"It's a side effect of life."

"If you can call this one." 

"A *shitty* life. An everlife. An ever-shitty-life."  

Betty had to try her best to not reach out and strangle Eve. "Look, Eve, I didn't say we *can't die*. We can. Just not the way you might've envisioned it. I'm afraid to say there'll be no grand finale for us." 

Elizabeth tilted her head to look at Betty. Her eyes were watery and bloodshot. "I'll say it again. *How?*" 

Betty picked up one of the vials on the ground, unscrewed its cork, and held it out to Elizabeth. "*Together.* At each other's hand. Not from hatred, nor revenge, or suicide. Gods know we've tried. But as the one being we are; two birds of a feather, the sides of a coin. For as long as one of us draws breath, so will the other. And, no, I'm not intentionally referencing your favourite ill-fated couple here." 

Elizabeth straightened up and took the vial, clasping it in her hands. Betty picked up the other, unscrewing it as well. 

"How do I know this isn't another ploy?" Elizabeth asked as she rested her own above her lips. It was ridiculous for Betty to think she could build trust on a foundation as lofty as their relationship. And now of all times. 

Betty shook her head, pulling forward Elizabeth's hand so that the vial was instead near herself. "I said it before. We've both faced the tribulations of immortality. We made a game of it for a time, sure, but there's nothing to laugh at here. This is it. Freedom." 

Betty moved her own vial forwards, locking her arm around Elizabeth's. She gulped, her arm shaking. 

*Freedom*. The word, in all of her years, had almost lost all meaning to Elizabeth. At the beginning, it had quite literally costed her heaven, her wings, all notions of happiness, scarce as they were. Beyond that, so many lives had been lost in revolutions staked on that vacuous idea, countless more in the pursuit of personal liberty, and, of course, she knew that hope was the greatest plague of them all for both mortals and immortals alike. What was it all for?

That was life, she'd concluded. A ceaseless, ridiculous practice in futility. A wish for change that never came. 

"Freedom," she said, just for the pleasure of hearing it. "Maybe there's an afterlife." 

"For us? Probably not." 

"I hope there isn't one," Elizabeth said. 

"As do I."

Elizabeth gave Betty a quizzical look, reassessing the woman she'd known for so many lifetimes. "God, I hate myself for believing you right now." 

"I know." 

"You better not be lying."

"I promise." 

"*Ha*, good one." 

Elizabeth bit her quivering lip, tilting her head back. 

Betty mirrored the motion. "Not with a bang, but with a whimper," Betty whispered, a girlish grin on her features. 

"Fitting," Elizabeth echoed. The world was so quiet, but for the two of them. 

Together, Eve and Aegis tossed back the contents of each vial. 

Together, they collapsed to the ground.

Together, the beat of their immortal hearts began to still. 

"*W- we've won*," Eve said, tears streaking her eyes as she reached out to clasp her sister's hand. "*So many fucking years...*" 

Aegis clutched her sister tightly, unable to summon up the strength to respond. 

Seconds later, her grasp loosened.

The world became silent. 