The end was coming. The squirrel pulled at its leg in vain. It's foot had become entrapped in the sticky gloop of the ruling class, the human beings. Normally this wouldn't be too much of a probelm, but unfortunately it had become caught on the middle of the black death, where the monsters lived.

The squirrel's eyes widened as it watched a emancipated monster roll towards it. The squirrel pulled at its leg again, but to no avail. What a pitiful end.

But then! A hero in red! Snot dripped out of its squashed nose as it jumped in front of the monster.

"Stop!" Cried the baby human "Your bike will kill it, be careful!" 

Of course the squirrel had no idea what it was actually saying. That didn't matter though, as it had been saved! The baby human, after much yanking pullled it's leg our of the gloop, and allowed the squirrel to run to freedom! And at that moment, the squirrel vowed to repay his debt, to help the baby human if it was either in need.

The squirrel watched for many years as it collected nuts that it hid under the tree next to the baby human's residence. Lately the human had been being odd. It had found a rabbit and caged it in the dead tree construction it lived in. The squirrel wasn't really sure how they had created the dead tree construction or why, but it certainly looked warm in the dead of winter. The squirrel hadn't judged the human for imprisoning the rabbit, after all rabbits were rather stupid and annoying. They were also very loud when they had sexual intercourse, which made them even more annoying.

After many days of watching the squirrel's day to return the debt had come. The squirrel didn't know it as first, but as it watched the adult human move dangerously close to the rabbit that the baby human was trying to hide and threaten the baby human with a oddly shaped stick with dangerous gloop on it, it knew something was up. 

So it decided there was only one course of action to take. Attack. It slid through the hole that it had found months earlier into the dead tree construction when it was rather hungry. It jumped at the adult human, teeth bared.

Unfortunately it didn't make a scratch.

"How dare you let a squirrel in the house!" The adult human cried at the baby human and turned then its attention to the squirrel. It raised the gloop-covered stick, and the squirrel knew it must flee. The squirrel raced back through the hole, and watched anxiously through the window.

It waited, but the adult human didn't attack! The squirrel was relieved that the baby human was safe and it had repaid it's debt.

It left to find new nuts.

----------------------------
Constructive Criticism wanted if you so please!