I don't know when this will find you, or if you will even be able to comprehend it, but I have an answer to a question that I know you have asked. I just don't think you'll like the answer

You see, where I come from, wishes are commonplace. You want money, immortality, power. Easy, just find a "granter" and it's yours. The problem, it's never just that easy.

No one knows why, but granters always twist your wish. They must get something out of it, but figuring that out is someone else's job. My job, is to make sure that those crazy enough to make a wish, get exactly what they want. I'm a wish lawyer.

When the granters first showed up. People just made wishes and many of them died. No one got what they wanted, but the wisher was the only one ever punished. 

After a while, people got careful. Less wishes, and more carefully worded wishes. That gave rise to my profession. A new form of "legalese" was developed. Things we hadn't thought about before. 

For example, did you know there are at least five different types of immortality. Health can mean just about anything. Don't get me started on money. People being more careful seemed like a good idea at the time. That started being questioned when the first person to make a perfect wish for money had his wish granted. 

Money is useless now. Any form of currency developed is instantly devalued to worthlessness. Any valuable material used as a common vehicle of trade loses the property that makes it valuable. That's why catalytic converter stopped working. 

Even the most perfect wish has a loophole and the more careful the wish, the more damaging the loophole. Thanks to that, we agreed to build a flaw into each wish. One we could control. That seemed to make the granters happy.

The problem was that they didn't always take the loophole we gave them. That's how the world marched inevitabley towards its current state. A hellscape with wishes being the only thing to grant a small reprieve before making things worse.

You see, the world is addicted to wishes. Living for the high, no longer caring that the very high it desires is what brings its destruction inexorably closer. 

Seeing that, a brilliant man hired me to save us wish one wish. A wish for a wold without wishes. A challenge to be sure, but it was the only wish that could save our world.  First, was the obvious paradox clause. Then we had to make sure the world would be habitable and inhabited by all the denizens of our world.  The list was long. It took an hour to recite in our trials. 

Then we had to find the right granter. You see, they aren't a monolith. They have their own personalities. Some are mean, some are kind. This makes me think they are here under the direction of some even higher power, but again, that's not my job.

We found it on the beach of Madagascar. A small dragon like creature with a slight yellow glow. My client began to read. Flipping from one page to the next for an hour and a half, and the dragon listened dutifully. 

At the end, there was a flash, and a loud bang. When our sight returned, the dragons glow was nearly gone.

"It has been done as you described"

Nothing was different. We were both on the beach, and the dragon was still there, waiting. 

"Did it work?" Asked my client.

"Why don't you find out." Replied the dragon.

Before I could consult, my client made another wish.

"I wish it worked" 

Clever. He didn't just throw out any wish. The problem was, he was too confident in his first wish, and was vague. The now working firearm in his pocket went off. It had been a simple pen, but that is why you don't make vague wishes. The doctors say he may survive.

The dragons glow returned and I stammered out a question, then a request. Not a wish, a request. I was very clear about that over 5 minutes it took for the paramedics to arrive. 

"What went wrong?"

It turns out one key part of the wish contract was missed. A small, but critical sentence, at the end of a long paragraph, at the end of a page. 

"He never said he wanted it to be this world."

The request is, well, this. Every civilization eventually wants to know where they came from. I don't know how these words will find you, but this is where you came from. If you ever make a wish and hope it comes true, hope harder that it doesn't.

PS. If you ever leave your world. Look for me. I'll be the dragon with the yellow glow, enjoying the sun, the surf, and the sand.