Clancy stood confronted by a white, ethereal being, with its hood drawn, floating low above the ground. The dark hood covered it's features. He looked down behind him to see a skeleton staring back up at him. in the dark recesses of his eye sockets, he could feel an existential dread that was unexplainable. It asked gently, once again.

Why have you chosen a dark path in life, and killed gods creatures"?

Why indeed...

When I was a kid I already knew what I wanted to be when I grew up. Hell I was already doing it for free. There is something about watching life leave the eyes of an animal. It was the only thing that genuinely brought a smile to my face. I was alive in that moment, when watching those pupils dilate, and all the subtle, gentle work I put into this animal came to one final moment of fruition. 

Of course I didn't have anything against most animals. They we're just fair game. Our society frowns upon it sure, and yes it was mostly illegal depending on the type. I am a man of rules you see,  I just don't go killing everything that would tickle my fancy. I would have been jailed before I even got started. But sometimes you can get away with a little treat.

It's like masturbating you see? If it we're legal, and socially acceptable, would you go around public jerking off into all the pretty ladies little dolled up faces? Can you imagine the orgasmic orgies that would happen, the jizz would be flying all over the place. Facial after facial. Now replace all the sex with killing instead, and the climax is when the life leaves the eyes of my dance partner. It's an unattainable dream unfortunately, better to hold off for lesser prey so that I can keep going. Now I could only manage to kill 3 people in life, before it started getting real suspicious. So I backed off, because I can always kill animals, and I even got paid for it!

The being floated gently to the ground and withdrew its hood, showing the face of a young boy with jet black hair and almond shaped eyes. It was one of the boys I had killed!

"I understand Clancy, thank you for the explanation. My death  at your hands makes sense. It seems to me that you we're born like this, born with the undeniable need to kill".

Clancy stood staring at the boy, the cat had got his tongue this time.

"Yes, it uh, it wasn't my fault"! Clancy looked away, yup still surrounded by that bright fog. He had been walking through that fog for what felt like a year, stumbling, sometimes coming across the bones of those who gave up. Never rest was the rule here. It's why all those damned skeletons littered the ground here, if they stop to rest then they wither away. They always stared at him, it kind of drove him mad.

"Wait, I don't even know your name boy"

"Silence! you never bothered to learn my name in the mortal realm before you killed me, why learn it now. This was your second trial Clancy. After the walk of willpower, the ascended always get first dibs on confronting their killer, and they have the final choice in the matter. I was your first trial, and I have the choice, I can purge your soul through holy fire by the will of god, or I can let you move on to face your other trials. Heaven is constructed for the individual. You will live out eternity with the ultimate freedom of choice. Is this something that you would like to do Clancy, would you like to attempt to make it to Heaven"?

"Why I do believe so, yes yes, I think I deserve heaven. God made the earth pretty shitty for me, so I want his finest treatment".

"Then I forgive you, good bye Clancy, and good luck in your final trial".

The ethereal being began to fade.

"But wait! What is my final trial"?

As the boy disappeared into the mist, his voice softly echoed out.

"To face the remainder of those you have killed in life, the other half, the ones who are damned, or the ones who never had a soul to begin with"!

Suddenly the mist cleared, and Clancy was standing in a field of grass and those lovely purple flowers he used to pick all the time as a kid. He could see a dark shape off in the horizon, with a low barely audible rumble. It was like it was some kind of stampede
 He was slightly allergic to pollen, and he began to sneeze uncontrollably as his eye began to swell and tear up. Snot dribbled down his nose and he could no longer even see the horizon as his vision blurred. 

He tried to wipe his eyes with the inside of his shirt, but he just smashed bugs into his eyes. Mosquitoes by the millions were now surrounding him. He swatted at them in futility. Every slap he made toward his body killed hundreds, but thousands replaced him. He had wished he never helped exterminate them from those Florida swamps during the Zika virus scare.

The rumbling grew closer, and he squinted his eyes trying to focus on what was coming. He could make out animals of all different sizes and shaped, all hideously, half rotten and undead. These are the damned and the soulless that the boy was talking about!

He heard the shrill voice of his ex wife screaming over the now thunderous rumble of the stampede.

"Here we come Clancy! Run, run, you brainless twit, you never know, you might escape, take my advice and try to be positive for a change"!

Those were the last words I had spoken to my wife as I ran her down and stabbed her repeatedly in the back. Now she said them back to me, sending chills down my spine. 
She was riding my prize catch, a grizzly bear I had hunted with my .44. A mother bear, especially ferocious. Surrounding her was what seemed like all the mid size creatures I had killed. Raccoons, cats, dogs, rats, possums. 

Clancy was focused too much off in the distance, he hadn't noticed the giant swarm of vermin at his feet. They crawled up his legs and began biting every square inch of his body. He rolled on the ground, but it was futile. He felt  a stab of pain in his right leg as his wifes makeshift spear stabbed into him. He looked up and seen her skeletal maw beaming at him. A twisted smile for vengeful death.

"Why don't you smile more Clancy, try to be a more positive person, it's the secret to life"!
 She jumped on his chest and bit off his face as the rest of his body was devoured by the vermin and creatures he had once exterminated. He felt every morsel of his flesh being torn and chewed, right until the bones were picked clean. There he lay, as the mist grew thick overhead. Even though his eyes were plucked out by those crows he had killed as a boy, he could still see. He laid there for what seemed like an eternity, but never at rest, just damned and cold.

Out from the mist he could see a ragged, tired man walking. He then heard a voice come from out of the mist.

"Why have you spent your life killing god's creatures"?

Clancy saw himself, standing there confronted by an Ethereal being in a white hood cloak. He watched his old self look back at him. He looked back up when the Ethereal being asked him again.
