I'd... I'd never seen anything like it. It went through her body to the other side. I've seen murderers and heavily experienced con-men with shallower scars. This was... shocking.

The moonlight reflected from her fair, creamy skin as we walked. I looked for more lies, but I could find none. Only the deep one across her chest, the one she showed but never explained. Even the last Pope had two scars, albeit quite shallow.

She swept her silky amber hair to the side and showed a faint smile. She seemed happy, but I was not. I couldn't focus. I needed to know her lie. I *had to know*, but I didn't want to drive her away. I tried the subtle approach, but I'm not too good with subtlety.

"Would you like to know how I got these scars?" I asked, like the Joker after a five-month hospital regimen. My shyness was showing, but I'm not sure she picked up on it.

"Sure, if you want to tell. As long as it doesn't make you uncomfortable."

I pointed to the one on my forearm. That was a... memorable one, to say the least.

"This was when I lied about smoking weed and having sex. I was a dumb teenager who was too dependant on what people thought of me. I wanted to be cool, but I was just a sheltered brat."

"You're a little hard on yourself. We all make mistakes."

Very inspiring, but almost hollow coming from her. I gestured to the deep one on my neck.

"This was when I lied about setting our garage on fire. I was playing around with my dad's lighter when I dropped it on the floor. For some reason, there was gas leaking from the car. The fumes ignited. The whole thing went up in flames. I said it was an electrical problem."

"How much was the damage?"

"100K, including the price of a new car. That drained our savings."

"Wow..."

I finished on my final one, my third one. A very deep one on my stomach. This was my least favorite.

"This was when I lied about checking on grandma when she called our house. I ignored the call and told my parents she was fine. She'd called... she'd called us to say she fell and broke her back on the bathtub... she died the next day... I just... I feel so much guilt... and I told my parents it wasn't my fault..."

"I'm sorry... that's horrible."

"It's fine. The experience lead me to stop lying. I haven't told a lie in over 10 years."

"Me too."

An awkward silence hung over us. Would she talk about the scar? Would she ignore it? No, no no no we're nearing her apartment. I gotta say something!

"I have a question, but you don't have to answer it if it makes you uncomfortable."

"Shoot."

"How did you get that scar across your chest?"

She chuckled a bit, as if amused by my question.

"LARP accident. Some guy brought a real claymore sword. He cut through my foam armor and went straight through my midsection, almost took my upper half off. The doctors say it was a miracle I survived."

It... it wasn't a lie? It was an accident? That's so... relieving! My word, here I was thinking-- wait, is that a new scar on her arm?

She laughed an unconvincing laugh.

"I-I wasn't lying, that was true! I'm not a murderer or anything!"

Another scar popped up.

*And I ran.*

*****
I ran so far awaaaaaay. I just raaaaan, I ran all night and daaaaay. I couldn't get away! /r/Picklestasteg00d.
