"I just don't understand why you're so broken up about this."

Zildjian paused from his pacing around our office and looked at me incredulously, his face twisted into a scowl.

"Oh, you don't understand, do you?" He spat. "The problem is that you hired humans!"

"So? They're incredibly cheap and our budget is tight. Honestly, I'm surprised more people don't hire those apes."

"Do you want to know why no one hires them?" Zildjian pointed at me. "It's because they mess everything up. They just gum up the works. It's like it's in their nature to be insufferable."

"Well, Earth Inc. has a no-refund policy. I can't-"

"Bloody hell! We should've just gotten some of those blue workers from planet Beta-2. Or an AI program."

"That would cost a fortune. We've only got a thousand or so credits left, remember? We spent the rest on the actual resort?"

Zildjian shook his head and sat down.

"Okay, we can give them a try." He reluctantly accepted. I grinned. "So when do they arrive?""Oh, they arrived today."

His eyes widened. He looked up at me, alarmed.

"You're kidding." He stood up. "Oh no. Where are they? We've got to check on them."

Zildjian walked briskly out of the door. I followed and led him to the construction site, where the humans were. He seemed repulsed by the sight of them.

''Sir!" One came down and shook my hand. I was taken aback. "We've been making good progress on the site."

I smiled at him and looked at Zildjian. We had nothing to worry about. In the distance, I saw some humans chatting, and the human talking to me seemed to notice.

"Sorry about that sir, our election's tomorrow and many people are still discussing it."

"Elections?" Zildjian asked.

"Yes. We're deciding whether the Pool group should secede from the union, and whether the Courtyard group should be allowed to form a coalition with the Roof and the Nature groups."

I frowned. Zildjian gave me a look.

"Also, we've been meaning to ask you - could we get better vacation days?" He beamed up at me, flashing his teeth.

I shot a confused look at Zildjian, who sighed deeply.

"Now do you see why they're so cheap?"

\---

[https://www.reddit.com/r/TyanWrites/](https://www.reddit.com/r/TyanWrites/)