“There! Right There! Did you hear that?” Dan turns up the volume on his computer speakers. On the screen is a clip of a dash cam pointing inward. We can see half of Dan’s face in the driver seat. We also see the empty passenger seat, all of the backseat, and out the back window into the hazy tree-lined mountain highway. At first we hear a voice that is clearly Dan singing an off key version of Kansas’ “Carry on my wayward Son”, then after a few seconds there is a crackling and an unfamiliar female voice saying “Dan I need you to stop the car and let me out please”.

Dan, now leaning back in his chair in his home office, looks up wide-eyed at his wife, Veronica. She looks puzzled, “Who is that? That’s not me.” Dan throws his hands up in the air with a huge shrug. He is giddy. He had always heard people telling stories of their encounters with the supernatural and never believed a single one of them, but there was a part of him that wanted to believe, and maybe a hint of envy. Was this finally it— his first totally unexplainable, flat-out bonkers, story that nobody will believe and he can tell off the cuff at a dinner party to flummox people who, up until that moment, thought of him exemplary in his practicality and level-headedness? Dan was over the moon. He played the clip again. Veronica is now becoming uneasy and looks at him waiting for the practical joke part to come. She was certain that Dan was just messing with her. After all it was close to Halloween and he did love to occasionally jump out of the closet or from around the corner to scare her this time of year. This seemed different though. He had this twinkle in his eye that she couldn’t remember seeing before.

“Ok, Ok, Ok I know. But wait there is more.” Dan fast forwards the video a little more. In the video he now has his blinker on and we can hear it clicking. He is stopped at a stop sign. The voice returns, it almost sounds like it is coming from the car radio “You will regret this decision. You should turn around right now.” Dan bursts into laughter at this point. Not the hearty belly laugh he would contagiously deliver to the audience at a comedy show, but a nervous almost maniacal laugh. Veronica is scared now. “Dan what the fuck is this? This is weird. Why are doing you this?” “I swear I’m not pulling a prank. This is the real thing! Holy shit. It’s the real thing V!”

He plays the video again. Veronica covers her mouth with her hand and squeezes out, “What does she mean you’ll regret it? Where were you heading?” “East on 76 near lake henry” “Ok but where were you going? Like home or work or?” Dan hadn’t really thought about where exactly he was going. He takes a minute, “Umm… you know I’m not sure. He looks down at the video and fast forwards to the end of the clip. In the video we can see him park outside of his own home. Then the camera shuts off. “Wait, what was that?” Veronica said in a low voice. She was almost afraid to say it. “That’s here. I was coming home.” Dan rewinds the video a little bit. Through the back window of the car we see the front of the house. There is someone standing on the porch. It’s not Veronica. “Who the fuck is that?” Veronica says in a frightened accusatory fashion. Dan squints and looks closer and then stands up with his hands on his head. “That's.. oh Jesus… what the fuck? What the fuck is going on?” Dan starts pacing the room now. He is no longer enjoying this. “What the fuck Dan? What’s going on. Who is that?” Dan crumbles into a pile of useless blubbering tears. After a few minutes he clears his throat, “That’s my baby sister. Remember? I told you about her a long time ago. I--It’s a long story but I think maybe she is talking about how she died or something” A loud crackling from the computer speakers and the video rewinds itself to the part where he was getting ready to make a turn. This time we see both of them in the clip. Veronica is asleep in the passenger seat. Again the voice, “You will regret this decision. You should turn around right now”. The video rewinds itself again this time even louder, “You should turn around right now.” Veronica and Dan’s faces have become pale in complete terror as they look at each other and then slowly turning around to look behind them. Their eyes widen at what they see. Beyond them over their shoulders on the computer screen the video continues to play. In the video as Dan makes his turn they are T-boned. The car turns over several times. They are both clearly dead. and the camera shuts off. They Scream. The end.

&#x200B;