Pain emanated from knots in my neck and spin as I regained consciousness. I know my posture is terrible, and I try and work on it when I can; but it seems like that is the least of the concerns of whatever gets a hold of me during my blackouts. I arced my back, hearing several fleshy pops. As soon as the acks abated, I looked onto  my easel. As always, it was covered in a pristine, white cloth, just barley covering the entire surface of whatever was under it. I looked at the dried palate that was my palms; I long gave up understanding how it remained so clean, and only now and again I remember that I before the blackouts started neither me or my wife had seen this cloth before.  

I stumbled onto my feat, and began hobbling towards my newest masterpiece. When the blackouts started, I struggled to call these paintings mine; they were a drastic departure from my established style and I felt like I didn't work a all to produce them. Now I struggle to call them mine because I desperately hope that the contents do not reflect me in anyway. More exacerbated than fearful, I warily wondered what monstrosity lay before me today; the souls of the damned screaming in agony? I chuckled morbidly; only if I was lucky. At least those paintings were stylized, abstract, and people would actually buy them. As of late,my paintings had been growing increasingly realistic, and the subject horrifically familiar. Maybe this time a friend or family member will only be badly beaten instead of vivisected. 

As I worked up the nerve to complete this wicked ritual, I noticed a yellow piece of paper adhered to the ghastly textile. I wondered how I didn't notice it before. Had I left myself a note? Somewhat relived I had an excuse to prolong the inevitable, I carefully peeled off the post-it note, making sure not to disturb the cloth. Don't look at it Don. My heart dropped into my stomach. Despite the rushed, panicked penmanship,I could tell this was my wife's handwriting. I might have shouted some obscenity if I could push through my lips a single syllable as my throat closed up. Even as products of my black-outs grew worse and worse, she refused to be left in the dark as to what I wanted; I tried to protect her, but she wanted to deal with this together. So she has seen everything, even the worst.

I heard water boiling upstairs, in the kitchen, and tried to convince myself that this somehow made things okay. I ran out of the basement and rushed into an empty house. The water had been boiling for at least an hour, and from the windows I could see that my wife's car was gone. I thought about searching through the house aimlessly, trying to search for her even though she wasn't there, but I looked back towards basement door, the stairs descending into my studio. I felt pulled, compelled, pulled into the doorway by a force equal to the maw of a lion. I walked down the stairs, the easel still there, waiting patiently for my return. I feel my heart beat a million miles and hour, only growing faster as I get closer to the painting. I slowly reach towards the corner of the cover, and I rip it off the easel. 