  

“Alright, who is excited for our big Black Friday deals?!” Jim called out to the crowd of customers clustered in front of his store, desperately trying to keep his voice cheerful and optimistic. 

“I’ll be excited when you shut the fuck up and let us in!” retorted man about twenty spots back, huddled into his hoodie, shooting daggers at Jim as though it were his fault that corporate had specifically mandated he couldn’t let people in until midnight exactly. All Jim could do was sigh as he swore to himself that this would be his last Black Friday. He tried his best to ignore the voice in the back of his head reminding him he’d made that promise to himself this day every year for the last fifteen years. 

“Okay guys I know you’re all excited for the new Playstation 7 but as I’ve said, I unfortunately only have twenty systems to sell. We’re hoping to get more in the next few days but that’s all I have right now.”

A general murmur went through the crowd as people lined up more closely and calculate where exactly they fell in the line. Of course, Mr. Hoodie fell right at spot number twenty-one. “WHAT THE FUCK!?!” he roared, as the realization dawned on him. “YOU’RE TELLING ME I’VE BEEN WAITING HERE FOR FOUR HOURS AND I DON’T EVEN GET ONE!?!”

Jim groaned to himself, wondering where exactly his life went wrong and how exactly he ended up here. “Look,” he said, trying to defuse the situation “I’m really sorry, but that’s all I have. I had a sign posted on my door this whole time saying that I only have that many and I also sent out an employee a half hour ago to make sure everyone knew.” He wasn’t going to bring up the fact that someone had thrown a half-eaten bagel at the poor girl and she came running back inside crying hysterically as she tried to pull cream cheese out of her hair. 

“I DON’T CARE!” Mr. Hoodie roared, spittle flying from his lips, “I”VE BEEN WAITING HERE AND I DESERVE MY SYSTEM!” 

At that moment, shouting incoherently, Mr. Hoodie made a small yet life-altering decision- and decided to cut in line in front of the person in ahead of him. 

Unfortunately for him, that person was about six inches taller and had about fifty pounds more muscle than he did. “You get the fuck back to your spot, jackass!” the larger man growled as he shoved him. Mr. Hoodie stumbled backwards- right into customer #22, a high-strung mother who had stepped up and was in the middle berating Jim and demanding to speak to his manager. “YOU’RE RUINING MY CHILD’S CHRIS---” was all she got out before Mr. Hoodie slammed into her. The no-foam, quadruple shot, extra hot, extra caramel, soy latte she had only moments before been brandishing under Jim’s nose like a saber splashed right into his eyes. All went black as Jim stumbled forwards- right into the fist the Mr. Muscles had been throwing at Mr. Hoodie. 

Jim collapsed to the ground and at that exact moment the doors to the store opened and customers rushed into the store in a mad stampede, heedless of Jim’s unmoving body on the ground. The last thing Jim remembered feeling was countless feet trampling him and a deep sense of regret. “I really should have finished college..” he thought to himself as he lost consciousness. 

Jim suddenly bolted upright. He was in a small room and sitting in front of him was a small man in a red suit and pointed goatee. Grinning to himself mischievously, the man extended a hand and said, “Hello, Jim. Let’s get the small things out of the way: you’re dead, this is hell, I’m the devil and have I got a proposition for you…”

“So let me get this straight,” Jim said, his mind still trying to process everything as they walked along a corridor. “I’m dead and we’re in hell. That I get, but instead of torturing me like everyone else- you want me to work for you?”

“Oh yes,” Satan said, still grinning. “I’ve had my eye on you for some time. Fifteen years in retail- that’s some torture even I have a hard time replicating. Quite frankly, I don’t think there’s much else I can do to you. You’ve seen it all. Remember the Furiibo shortage of 2023?” Jim shuddered as he tried to repress the memories, “I try not to.” “Exactly!” Satan proclaimed, “Even I’m not sick. Seriously, man, you’ve been through hell already! No, you Jim, have been through far worse in life than I could have ever thrown at you here in hell. Instead, I’ve decided to make you an offer. I’ll admit I’ve made this offer to others in the past, but they’ve always turned me down- but I think you’ll be the first to take me up on it. Work for me, you’ve seen so many things that I’m sure you’ll be quite creative in your punishment of the sinful and forsaken, and I think you’ll find the afterlife quite comfortable.” 

Suddenly Jim realized they had stopped outside a nondescript door. Moaning could be heard from the other side. “What’s in there?” Jim asked, nodding towards the door. “A signing bonus, one I think you’ll appreciate more than any of my other minions.” 

The door swung open and shacked to chairs were Mr. Hoodie, Mr. Muscles, and Soccer Mom. “There’s thousands of others. Every customer you’ve ever had, every person who treated you poorly. They’re all yours. All you have to do is agree. 

Jim felt a smile slide onto his first time in fifteen years as he asked, “Where do I sign?”