Through blinking eyes I see a room bathed in sunlight and immediately one truth is realized.

"Shit. I overslept." 

My head is ringing like the worst hangover I've ever had but my body feels fine. The clock reads 10:34 I'm late but for what? Maybe I'm not late for anything and it's my day off. Suddenly a thought occurred to me that left me feeling strange. A day off from what?

I get up and walk around trying to get my bearings, it's like waking up at a friends place; familiar but somehow strange. A cat walks up to me, rubs my leg, looks directly at me and meows like I owe him money. This must be my place, well at least this is my cat, but why would I bring my cat to someone else's house. 

The place is not impressive, a one bedroom apartment filled with particle board furniture and posters on the wall. A thought almost immediately comes that I could have done better. I pick up the cat and walk into the kitchen looking for something to wake me from this haze and pass by a mirror. 

Looking into the mirror I see a stranger, someone I don't know. Fear grabs me by the throat. I can't breathe, the faster I try to pull air into my lungs the quicker it seems to rush out. The room is spinning and I grab onto the wall feeling like I was going to fall into the mirror and come out on the otherside in my old life where I knew exactly where everything was and what my name was and what this cat's name. 

"Wait, what is your name?" I said out loud to my furry partner, but if he knew any secrets he wasn't giving them up. 

We moved to the couch and sat for just a moment when I heard a loud buzz emminating from the cushions. Releasing the cat I pressed my hand down between the cushions and pulled out a phone. Sort of by mistake the screen came on and I saw dozens of email notifications. More kept coming as I held the phone in my hand, it asked me to use my fingerprint to unlock the phone. Some things were still clear, I knew what a phone was and what it was for. I knew what a cat was and what it was for so not all was lost.

The first email was from the Swiss National Bank to Don. Apparently Don's account had just received a deposit successfully, another thirty emails stated the same thing from multiple banks around the world. Maybe I was Don, at least this phone with my fingerprint was receiving Don's emails. In the body of the email, "Click this link to check your balance now."

It was worth a shot so I went for it and the password had already been entered. When the account loaded I dropped the phone on the floor and scared the cat out of the middle of his morning bath. I picked up the phone and started counting the number of numbers, what fucking number has 13 numbers in it? Was this my money? What the fuck was going on? This was only one back account I don't know how many other emails I have just like this one. 

Then a knock at the door, and a woman's voice, "Don!" I paused hoping that I was imagining it. Then a louder knock, "Don, open the door. I know you're home I can see your shitty car parked out there. I think you're on the news."

I scrambled for the television remote and turned on the first news channel I could find, the headline: "The Day the Magic Died." 

Her voice through the door once more, "Don I know you're in there I can hear the TV dumbass. Just let me in."

Stumbling to the door while trying to keep an eye on the TV I opened it and was shocked, she was gorgeous. Tall and with a dark complexion but green eyes that were soft but blazed through me. Before I could invite her in she brushed her way past me and into the living room. Outside there was no one else, and more unfamiliar surroundings but shit at least I knew what a tree was!

She sat on the couch and started petting the cat who happily melted into her, suddenly I wasn't so sure that the cat was mine. "Was it you?" She asked looking up at me with hopeful expectation. The only thing running through my mind was please don't let us be related. 

I took a seat on the other end of the couch and gathered my nerves, "Can I ask you some strange questions?"

"Oh God please don't make this akward like that one time you said your friend stole your phone and sent me all those text messages." 

"No, I mean I don't know who you are." 

She stopped petting the cat and looked suspiciously at me. 

I continued, "I'm not sure I know who I am. Is this my cat?" Pointing to the furball waiting for more attention from either of us. 

"This is Elvis, and he's definitely your cat although I'm not sure since he does like to escape. I'm Ellie, your neighbor. We've lived next to each other for more than two years. There used to be magic but now there's none. Your name is Don."

We looked at the TV and there was my face on the screen, or at least the face I saw in the mirror. 

Another wave of fear washed over me, "Come with me."

Ellie looked at me puzzled. 

"Come with me, anywhere you want to go, anything you want to do. Just come with me please." 