I pull into my driveway, put my car in park, and close my eyes gently, resting my forehead on the steering wheel. I try to let the relief of being home wash away all of the stress from the day, but somehow I still feel it weighing my body down. The knots in my neck and back are a physical reminder of the long work day behind me and the suffering I’ll have to endure during another long work day tomorrow. 

I step out of the car, walking through the thick darkness to my front door. I carefully step inside, shutting the door as quietly as I can so as to not disturb the rest of the people in my house. It’s clear from the silence within that they’ve been asleep for quite some time. 

There are freshly dirtied dishes on the table and counter of the kitchen, but they don’t appear to have left anything for me to eat. So I grab a slice of cheese and a water bottle, telling myself that that counts as dinner.

Finally I walk into my room, letting out a sigh as I close the door behind me. 

Quickly, I change into pajama bottoms and a loose t-shirt, leaving my work clothes in a pile on the floor--no point in putting them in the laundry basket. I’ll need them in the morning anyway.
I let out another sigh as I flop onto my bed. I pull the clips and hair tie out of my hair, then arrange my pillow and blanket as a prop-up for my sore back. Finally, finally, I can sit back and relax, staring at my laptop and its mind-numbing contents.
 
First stop is YouTube. I click through various suggestions, never staying long enough to finish any of them. Seth Meyers on Kimmel, Bill Hader on Seth Meyers, Halloween makeup tutorial, Brooklyn Nine-Nine behind the scenes. Click, click, click. Boring. I close the tab and stop by Twitter, where nothing is new because nothing ever is on there. Quickly graze through Facebook, where I have no new notifications so who cares.

Where can I go to find some goddamn content? 

Oh, I know. Reddit.

I only recently discovered Reddit; I always considered it kind of a waste of time, and thought people on there were… kinda assholes. But after succumbing to boredom on a night similar to tonight, I made an account and found myself actually interested in the site’s content.

So now, trying to find some stupid memes or political commentary or fucking something, I type reddit.com into my search bar, and up pops the front page.

Like always, the content is prime. This is what I’ve been looking for! I read a comic, upvote. See a meme about Trump, upvote. A joke that makes me cringe, ignore, a video, scroll past. After forty minutes of browsing, I get a little bored. Since I’m still pretty new to the site, I decide to poke around and see what I can find. 

First thing I find is the little button at the top of the page that reads “random.” Curious, I click it, and I’m taken to a subreddit called /r/counting. “What the fuck,” I whisper to myself as I scroll down the page. It’s literally just people… counting. Not my scene. I click “random” again, and this time I’m dragged to /r/KingdomDeath. Again, I scroll, confused, quickly getting bored and resorting to the “random” button again.

More click, scroll, click, scroll, click, scroll. Eventually I’m to the point that I’m just clicking, reading the subreddit’s title, then clicking again. Everything seems too niche, or too cringey, or some horrible mix of both. 

Just as I’m about to close all my tabs in favor of going to bed, I see a subreddit that catches my eye.

/r/palmouse.

Ummm. What?

Taken aback, I look away from my laptop, then look back, in case I’m somehow imagining things. Nope. Here I am, face to face with a subreddit that shares my name.

Obviously, I scroll down to take a look.

The format is standard, with no modifications to the banner or the text. There are over 10,000 readers, and about 650 people currently on the page. The description bar reads as follows:

WELCOME TO THE OFFICIAL PALMOUSE SUBREDDIT

A few rules/regulations

Informational posts (including those about palmouse's location, who she is with, where she ate today, etc.) MUST include photographic proof or other source.

Memes directly about palmouse ARE allowed, as well as those that are “so her” and those that use her picture as a punchline.

Roasts are prohibited! Negative content will be removed.

Posts about palmouse's friends, relatives, etc. do not belong here (unless she is in the pictures that accompany said posts). They belong on /r/palmouseandco.

While taking photos of palmouse without her knowledge is allowed, asking her for a photograph or otherwise treating her like a celebrity is not! 

She cannot know about this subreddit, or the whole thing is spoiled. Don’t tell her about it. If you can’t follow that rule, unsubscribe and find someone else to take interest in.
	

“Oh my… god. What the fuck. What the fuck.” All hope of anything contrary is gone: this subreddit is about me. There are posts about me, pictures of me in restaurants eating dinner with my family, walking through the mall, in class, helping customers at work. Memes that use my face, and ones that describe me to a T, most of which are labelled, “This is soooo palmouse, I had to share.” 

“palmouse sighting at Wendy’s earlier today!! Picture is blurry but it’s definitely her.”

“OMG her in her work uniform. Could barely keep myself from saying something.”
	
“Was taking a pic of her at the grocery store, ran into a fellow fan! We chatted abt her for ages.”

Most horrifyingly, there are posts that tell my location as recently as ten minutes ago. 

“She’s home guys!! Got some good shots of her in her car, parked outside.”

That’s me… just now. Head on the steering wheel. Walking inside. 
	
Refresh.
	
“palmouse on her laptop, as always. She seems upset about something?”
	
Accompanied by a picture of me, right now. 
	
I stand up straight, letting my laptop fall on the ground. “Fuck. Okay,” I whisper. My hands are shaking. I look toward the window. The dark seems impenetrable, so instead of trying to see into it, I rummage through my things until I find a flashlight, then creep outside and around the house to the area outside my bedroom.
	
Flashlight on, I tip toe around the corner, then whip the light to face the area right outside my bedroom.
	
“Holy fuck!” I scream. There is a small crowd of people, all silent, who stare back at me. “Holy fucking shit! Go away! What the fuck, I’m calling the cops!” They all run, hopping the fence that surrounds my yard and scattering in different directions. By now, my whole body is shaking. “What the fuck. What the fuck!”
	
My parents’ bedroom light has turned on, which is probably the most terrifying part of the current situation. How in god’s name am I going to explain why I’m outside with a flashlight, screaming in the dead of night?
	
After shakily explaining to my puffy-eyed parents that there was a potential intruder in our yard and we should definitely call the cops (omitting the part about them being obsessed with my existence, and the subreddit), they leave to make the phone call and I go back to my laptop to see what they have to say about this on /r/palmouse.
	
But when I refresh the page, which is still pulled up on my screen, I receive Reddit’s error message. 

ᴘᴀɢᴇ ɴᴏᴛ ꜰᴏᴜɴᴅ.
	
What?
	
Command+shift+R.
	
ᴘᴀɢᴇ ɴᴏᴛ ꜰᴏᴜɴᴅ.

Command+shift+R. Command+shift+R. Command+shift+R command+shift+R command+shift+R. Command+shift+R R R R R R R R R R R R R R.

Nothing.

It’s gone.