
I bet it was the ears.

I mean really they're pretty freaky when you think about it, massive flaps protruding from your skull that lead to holes boring straight to your brain.

I say massive I guess most peoples are actually pretty proportional. I always thought mine were massive.  It’s a terrible affliction really, having massive earlobes. I was teased mercilessly about it in school, probably developed some kind of complex.
The people currently sloshing away from me in fear didn’t appear to suffer from my condition, although they did seem to have some problems of their own.

 If they did have earlobes they were well obscured by the various horns, tentacles, and assembled limbs that shot outwards at odd angles from their heads. I assume that those were their heads, although you could make a convincing case for the meaty lumps being some kind of appendage or sexual organ.

Thinking about it assuming that the bit on top of the body is the head is a very humancentic assumption. I mean really why must the head be on top of the body? In fact now that I am thinking about it the position of the human head seems extremely inconvenient. Why does the gallbladder get a protective shell of fat, muscle, and bone while the brain sits in the most vulnerable position on the construct. It’s this kind of stuff that the intelligent design people don’t like to talk about.
Judging by the ridicules board that my host dropped on their way out I am most likely in the company of some truly unenlightened brutes. 

While I suppose they deserve some leniency given the obvious severity of whatever condition they are suffering from physical disability is no excuse for intellectual apathy. Apathy is the only excuse for holding such ridiculous beliefs in these modern and enlightened times where simple, rational, truth is so readily available.

It is the duty of educated men such as me to free our fellow man from the bondage of superstition and irrationality. This has never been clearer to me then it is now, as I gaze out the window onto the scene of abject horror in the valley below.

Great chaotic chasms of flame and smoke crisscross the geography blowing great clouds of yellow sulfur into the sky across which winged beat erratically flock. Naked humans scream and cower in the pits that pockmark the barren landscape. Towers black as night rise from the ground with architecture that defies the most basic physical principles. Massive instruments of torture are scattered about willy-nilly. Ridiculous symbols are carved into every available surface, sheep’s heads, pentagrams, upside down crosses, testaments to this cities status as an obvious intellectual backwater. What more it’s clear from a cursory overview that no mind has been paid to the principles of urban design, inefficient space usage, or even simple aesthetics.
 
As I look at the scene below me I cannot help but feel an overwhelming sense of purpose.i now what I must do.

I am going to fix this place.
