He was inside of her, rolling his hips so furiously his thighs ached. She moaned softly, in the pale light he could only see her ash hair sprayed across her pillow and then the amber glow of her cigarette as she sucked in smoke.
'Fuck me, come on!' she cried.
He pushed deeper inside her then saw something and almost froze. It took everything he had to ignore, but somehow he kept going.
Just down the end of the bedside table was Lauren. Wow, did she pick the right moments.
He couldn't look at her, not even if the rules were different.
He forced the thoughts from his consciousness and ran his tongue across the bare neck of his partner, all he could do to maintain his performance.
From the corner of his eye he saw Lauren's white eyes, her warped and mangled face, her jaw stretched wide.
Fuck. He was losing it. Suddenly he grabbed his partners hip and whispered to her,
'You go on top.'
She slipped the burning cigarette between her scarlett lips and slid up in the bed then straddled him as he flipped onto his back.
This was better, so much more immersive. He watched her naked body, entranced by her belly dancing movements.
'Ben. Look.' Lauren's voice sounded.
Ben knew her horrible twisted face was just a breath from his down by the side of the bed. But he couldn't look. Letting Lauren know he could see her was not an option.
'Ben. Look.' A little more determined this time.
He couldn't look. He reached up and grabbed her breast, cupping it and squeezing gently. She smiled, rich white smoke tumbled from her mouth.
'Ben.'
She was right beside his face now. It was impossible to ignore, he had to look, he had to face what he had done to-
'Babe. You OK?'
'Yeah. Don't stop. It's good.'
'Wanna take a break?'
'Yeah, quick.'
She climbed off him and slipped into the en suite. Ben lay there naked and suddenly cold.
Lauren was gone. For now at least.
That was the fourth time he had seen her. Still she could not have known he was feigning ignorance.
Other dead came to, albeit not often. It had been a year now since the he had first seen and heard them.
The first visit was around last Christmas, in true Dickensian fashion, but rather than bring visited by three ghosts there was only one. A hunched and robed creature with a long white sheet over its apparent face.
'You do see me?' it had said. Standing in the far corner of his living room as he'd passed.
Ben had at the time thought it might have been a house intruder with a bizarre modus operandi of shock tactics and cosplay.
'More will come.' the creature said, 'but they can not be acknowledged.'
The only thing Ben had then been able to stutter was Why? And the apparition explained,
'The dead must sever all ties. They cannot move on with unfinished business still... unfinished'
A week later Lauren made her first appearence and now she was beginning to resort to ever more desperate measures to get Ben's attention.

This was terrifying..what would she do next? 