I have walked this earth for centuries, you don't know me, you've probably never seen me, I've always blended in.....

I was here when there was nothing.  I will be here, when there is no one.  For I am, at least for today, Steven Smith.  The Forever homeless man!

I have walked almost every street, every trail, every place a human could set foot, in the centuries since my birth.  Only taking up odd jobs to make sure I had clothes on my back and a place to sleep and something to eat every once in awhile.  I get this odd feeling that I'll still be here when humanity dies out.  To man, it's been an eternity, to me, just life.

I was orphaned at birth sometime in what they now call the caveman days, left to die at age eight.  It's been so long, I don't even remember my mom or my dad, just the trauma of running from seriously ferocious animals and evil humans day and night in the early days.

I was a peasant living in a "witch's" shack back in the middle ages.  When they burned her at the stake, after going into town to buy a candle so she could see what she was reading, I took over her property until 100 years had passed.

I lived through ancient greece, but they exhiled me for my lack of beauty.

I burbled about the Kalahari desert for awhile amongst the bushmen for a few centuries, had a few close calls with wildlife but was still calmer than the early days.  Sometimes they'd click at me and give me some food, or teach me a useful skill if I just randomly hung around enough.

I hopped a ship to America in the early 1800's.  Narrowly escaped becoming a slave in the deep south, and spent my time in the early cities of America begging for change for a drink.

I spent my days in the old west just bumming around bars until the bartenders kicked me out.  Sometimes they'd give me a drink.  I just kept doing this for centuries, floating from town to town, undetected, stunted at 40 years old - the stereotypical American Wino - yeah, that's me.

I'm that guy you see walk into the bar on Saturday night, sit down, talk with the bar owner like he's my best friend, and have a drink off the loose change I made as a begger and occasional street performer.

I'm full of stories, foreign languages, I can play the guitar, Violin, Flute, banjo, and other instruments.  Currently I play one-man band style with a thrown away electric guitar, an old FM Radio, and a Sampler Pedal I stole from a music shop in Missoula.  But I only do it for the money, the money for that sweet sweet nectar, the juice, the life blood - THE LIQUOR!

Yet somehow my liver, and my life itself, remain intact, year after year after year, as I guzzle down alcohol like a dragster, spew out made up tales of woe on whatever chosen instrument just for the hell of it, when people offer me anything other than the money for the liquor, I just pretend to be another insane street performer.  When I wear out my welcome, I drift to the next town.

Sometimes I leave to other countries - by boat, not a big yacht, not a ocean liner, or a cargo ship, but either on a garbage barge or someone's stolen paddle boat.....which is how I shall embark on my next adventure to fill the next stretch of eternity.