No one knows why the gifts began. Maybe the Gods took pity on our frail race and sought to give us a chance against the things that went bump in the night. Maybe a bet, to see how we would spend our Gifts, for good or ill.

Whatever the reason, the Gifts created a Golden Age for mankind. Where before, humans struggled to maintain warmth in the cold, dark night, those gifted with Fire drove the night back. When mankind had beasts encircling the camps, those gifted with Marksmanship of various weapons warded they off. And so it went through recorded history, til Mankind stood at the top of the world’s hierarchy. 

Eventually, the different Kingdoms set to warring with each other for the limited land and resources available. Weapon Masters filled the rank and files of the Armies, pitted against whatever Army the other kingdoms could muster. Those Gifted with Magic tore vast swathes of destruction through the battlefield, killing indiscriminately all who stood in their way. 

For years these wars raged on, and as I approached my 18th birthday, I spent many a restless night wondering what Gift I would receive. Would I become a Blademaster? Forced to die in a muddy field surrounded by others, hacking and slashing their way to be next dawn? Would I become a Bowmaster? Likely to be killed by an errant ball of fire or bolt of lightning? Maybe I’d luck out and receive the Gift of Magic. At least then I stood a chance of living a few years at the Academy, before going to the front. 

Unfortunately, it was none of these. The day of my 18th birthday, I heard a knock on my bedroom door. When I opened it, no one was there. Turning back to my bed, I saw a thin, friendly- looking man, seated on my bed. 

He smiled at me wordlessly, patting the bed beside him. As I sat, I noticed his eyes. Both of them pools of peaceful black.  He put a hand on my shoulder, and I knew my purpose.

As he disappeared, Death’s Scythe appeared in the corner of my room. Picking it up, I tested it’s heft. Unnatural, unwieldy, but correct for reaping. 

I was to become Death, and put and end to mankind’s wars. And mankind itself.