Before she passed away, my mother used to always tell that same story about that time I broke her heart. I was 8 and she picked me up from the nurse's office at school, I told the nurse I had chest pain. I told my mom that my heart hurt because I was just a "sad little 8 year old boy who was sad because [he had] no friends." in the car I would tell her about how meaningless life is. I'm 23 now and my friends confide in me about how they have now realized that the world is a shitshow. Our leaders are for the most part leaders not out of empathy but a lack of empathy, psychopaths craving power. You go to school, you work, you die. I could go on but the whole thing about life being meaningless has been done to death, only difference in this story is that I was 8. Now, don't get me wrong.... I had a nice childhood, I wouldn't say happy... but it was nice. My parents gave me everything I could have wanted. My mother passed away when I was 17 and I went into a deep depression, since then I did things I'm proud of and things I am ashamed of which you will have to read about in my memoirs. My life is not the point of this story. I did just about every psychedelic drug you can think of when I was 19, which really changes the way you think about death. I turned 21 and turned into an alcoholic. Back then it was crippling alcoholism. Now, it's high-functioning. I still am trying to stop my mind from racing so much. I feel like I've done everything I can do in life, good and bad. I've lived a full life despite my age. I don't kill myself for my family, that's all. I used to be afraid, tried to kill myself but could never go through with it.... now I know I could, I've had near death experiences and read all sorts of philosophy on the subject. They say most of philosophy is trying to accept death... I guess after all that philosophizing I've succeeded. Now again, don't get me wrong here. I'm not a totally miserable person, I sleep around with beautiful women and I'm a happy dude who gets as excited around puppies as a 2 year old on cocaine. I've been a depressed old man since I was a child but I'm also just as happy as a child in other ways. I just feel like I've done everything in life and there's no point to it anymore. I don't want to die, because of what it would do to my family. I feel like there's more I could do in life but I definitely could kill myself right now and the suicide note would be one of the most famous notes of all time. Again, my accomplishments are being kept vague here on purpose. Doesn't help that I feel like I'll never lead a normal love life.

I sleep around with pretty girls but I get bored with them after a few months. My last girlfriend I stood up for a date where she was supposed to finally meet my family after. I stood her up and didn't talk to her for two days. She told me she went from wanting to have my children to realizing I was a child myself. Girl before her I blacked out and told her I would never love her. Girl before her I left for a different girl, only problem was different girl wasn't interested in me. I think there was some attraction between us at one point but I guess I killed that with the black-out drunk 5 page facebook love letter of gibberish about how much I loved her and would never hurt her again even though we had no history between us at all. I haven't felt the same level of "love at first sight." since that girl. I saw her and thought she was pretty, and sexy at the same time. I wanted to marry her. the more I found out about her the worse it got. I failed to ask her out, found her facebook and found out both of our mothers had died when in our teens. we were united through the deaths of the women who suffered to bring us life. I decided we were soul mates and she decided I was crazy. I did a lot of stupid things in the years since being rejected. Drank even more, lied to people I hurt. I found myself in mathematics, God, and philosophy. So that's me, enough about me. Let's talk about her... now I don't mean the girl who rejected me, I mean the girl I love now. I should say woman, she's a lot older than me you see.

I first laid eyes on her walking down the streets of Austin, near the campus for the University of Austin. She was and is the most beautiful woman in the world. You ever think somebody has brown eyes and you look into them in good lighting and realize they have really pretty hazel eyes? Just get lost in their eyes? Her eyes were like that but in ways that our language can do no justice. One second they'd be the blue that Hitler's propaganda men would have written about for a thousand years. The next they'd be so Green that if our money was that colour you would have aliens coming to our planet to play poker because they looked into the sky, saw those greenbacks and knew that they had to have some. They'd have no knowledge of their value other than how green they were. I mean, it sounds like nonsense but that's just how insane her eyes were. They were every colour in the world at once, and some colours beyond human comprehension. Some men are ass-men, some are boob men. I am both, but more than anything I am an eyeball man. You grow old with a woman and she will probably have eyes just as beautiful as when you first saw them. everything else fades away. 

Not to mention they say that eyes are the window to the soul. What a soul this woman must have, I thought to myself. She looked bad, like you learn to read which women are into casual sex if you are into it yourself. She looked like she knew every sex trick in the book and then some. She looked mean, like she was bad for me and would ruin my life and I wouldn't even care after all the suffering was over. Yet, she looked kind of nice like she took pity on me, like she would make everything OK. She had an expressionless gaze yet her straight, smile-less mouth was warm and inviting. Her eyes contained the wisdom of somebody very old. I immediately wanted to get to know her and never leave her side. My life had meaning again, and yet for some reason I had never felt so suicidal before.


What stuck out the most about her though, wasn't her beauty, wasn't her flawless skin and figure. What stuck out about her was everybody else. You see the most beautiful woman you've ever seen in her life and you'd think everybody would be staring at her, Instead they looked away. old and young, male and female. Professor or student, they looked away. Some looked pale and utterly terrified. Most just subtly averted their gazes. I knew right away there was no way that she was a normal human being, or one at all.

"What are you?" 
"I'm death." she told me, as if she was telling me her name, but then again I guess she was telling me her name. Some people say they knew the moment they first laid eyes on the love of their life. I knew. I also knew that she wasn't crazy, and neither was I. It was instinct, in the same way that a salmon knows to swim upstream I knew that I was staring death in the eye, I also knew that I loved her. 

Just like that she gave me a kiss on the lips. She tasted sour, like my favourite German beers, but inviting. My heart skipped a beat, and another and another. She drew me into a hug, oh how sweet the embrace of death was! Then, just like that she took a few steps back and gave me the look of a woman who didn't want to break my heart but had to do so. We couldn't be together, not yet anyway.

"You still have work to do, we will meet again but not for a long time. Don't drink yourself to death, either. You have a lot of work to do. Humanity needs you." 

Just like that, she was gone. Some girls and guys like bad boys or girls. I guess I do too. 