The beams of light stray from one another.

Nature sets down on the edge of a rocky cliff. His weight makes the rocks crumble beneath him and he flails into the depths below. The debris of  boulders and mud continue to fall in on top of him. Only a flurry of splashes and cracks can be heard. He tries to gather his surroundings. Once he comes to, he realizes he is thirty feet deep in the Pacific Ocean. He looks up at the fading light. And then, he feels something as he grasps towards the light. All of the sudden, he looks to his right and sees a stingray. *SHINK* The ray has the final world as Nature sinks to the ocean floor, cold and dead.

A forest. A bright light flashes and sends all of the nearby animals scurrying away. Peace has arrived. He takes one look around and becomes obsessed with the happy little trees all around him. In his daze he fails to realize a nearby beaver was chomping in a tree. The sounds of branches crackle as it hurtled towards the ground.*SPLAT* Peace is now in pieces. Dead.

Life beams down into a busy street. He misses his mark and forms his physical being inside the body of poor Miss Crenshaw. An explosion of blood and guts is seen and it covers all around. Crenshaw’s expensive pearl necklace got lodged into Life’s mouth, and he cannot get it out. Nobody around attempts to save him because of the shell shock of seeing their fellow human explode. After a few minutes, Life takes his last breath, and slowly fades away.

The final horseman of wholesomeness, Love, descends. He lands steadily. The light fades away and he looks around. “Ahhhh” he sighs in relief. To his right for as far as the eye can see, houses, with the most emasculate landscaping you could imagine. To his left, the same. Driveways, sprinklers, mini-vans. Love feels at home. As he stands there and smiles, he hears a click behind him and feels cold metal pressed against his head. “This isn’t your neighborhood. You landed in the wrong place mother fucker.” *BAM* The mysterious man fires his gun and Love’s brains spread all down the street. 

The four horseman of the apocalypse continue their bidding. Humanity is destroyed. All is lost.

The end.