I didn't have much of a family, dad left when I was only 6 weeks old. Apparently having a newborn is just too hard.  Mum crawled into a bottle pretty soon after that and stayed there, she passed when I was 7. I was with my grandparents for nearly a year after that until they kicked me out. I lost touch with them after that but I feel sorry for them now. In their later years, being handed this young angry hellion that hates everyone, it can't have been easy. I bounced from foster carer to foster carer, still angry with the world and lashing out. Because if I reject everyone else before they reject me, I can't be hurt.

&#x200B;

There was one foster carer that I still keep intouch with. Sue was a gamer in her spare time and she introduced me to all the worlds of gaming. I could only be with her for a short time but when i left her, she gave me my first laptop so that I had access to the worlds that she introduced me to. I still have it. It might not be quick but for someone that isn't used to kindness, you don't forget it.

I also discovered the Live streams of gamers and one in particular: User "GrandmaGamer202".  Here is this sweet old lady playing WoW, MineCraft, Skyrim, Borderlands, Fallout4. She even got an old Oculus Rift VR head set and streamed her moving around her old neighbourhood in google earthVR. She was telling everyone stories about the houses and shops and things that happened when she was a kid. "Mr Brown lived there, he was sleeping with Mrs White who lived 3 streets that way and with Mrs Green who lived in that suburb over there. there was such a fuss when they found out about each other". She would also talk about her kids and her family and occasionally they would join her for a game 

I admit my first comments to GrandmaGamer are not something I'm proud of. Same as usual I lashed out. protected by the anonymity of the keyboard. same as much of my generation. I remember thinking that family isn't like that, family isn't kind, loving and they don't have fun together. And I let her have it with both barrels, called her names, insulted her family, her past time, pretty much nothing was off limits. 

I was shocked when I had a return comment from her, calling me out on my language and telling me that it wasn't appropriate for a public channel and that if i really felt that way, i should email her directly. So I did. I let her have it again, longer and more comprehensive. And i got an email in return. And that was the second shock. It wasn't name calling, telling me that i was an idiot (for the record I was). it was a series of questions asking why i felt the way that i did, why i was saying the things that I did and telling me that she is too old to try and fake everything that is on her channel and a few of her experiences growing up when she was my age. She had bounced around the foster system as well. Lost her parent's in the war. 

I responded to the email, answered her questions, asked a few of my own and told her that she was full of it. A few days later, another email came in, same as before. it was kindly worded, asked me some more questions about why i was feeling the way that I did and giving me some more quick stories about when she was my age.

The emails every few days went on for nearly 3 years and as I stopped and thought about the questions that she asked and why i was feeling the way that I did, i realised that I was lashing out at everyone and generally being a Dick. I'm pretty sure that she used to be a psychologist but she never mentioned it. I calmed down and saw a huge improvement in my life over that time. 

After the 3 years, her channel had grown to the point that the number of emails that she was responding to was too high and it might take up to a month to get a response. I still emailed her when ever i got a response and told her about what i was up to, when I was proposing and when I was expecting my first child. She was overjoyed and helped me be less terrified. Her number of videos uploaded went from 1 every 2 days to 1 a week and they got shorter. Her using the rift to play old Vr games slowed down as well and eventually stopped. I would still watch what she uploaded religiously.

And then she missed one. 

And I knew immediately what had happened. 

Her subscribers were her extended family, all 342,867 of us. 

She wouldn't miss an upload, ever, even if it was a quick video of "hi everyone, i'm not feeling well so no gaming video this week, i'll still try to email everyone" that had happened a few times before.

I received an email from her grandson the next day. I knew who he was because he had appeared in alot of her videos and even scared the crap out of her when she was playing with the Rift, much to all our amusement. He nearly got his head taken off by a controller when she jumped but it was really funny watching the sweet old lady say "Fuck". He was following in her footsteps and had alot of respect from her subscribers. Apparently I was one of the first that she emailed back and she had told her family all about me. He said that I felt like part of the family because she told them all so much about me and my life and that they were really looking forward to meeting me and my family.

She had been found still wearing the rift headset, sitting in front of her old house in google earth.

And now I'm getting on a plane with the family that i wouldn't have if it wasn't for her, to go read an eulogy at her funeral and meet the family that I didn't even know I had.

I still miss my GrandmaGamer.

&#x200B;



*This is my first response to a \[WP\] so apologies for the grammer and formating.* 

*Damn ninja's chopping onions in the room all morning.* 

*Curse you u\\actually\_crazy\_irl, I'm probably going to be crying for a week from this.*

&#x200B;