**My first post here, I've read the rules but please give feedback if necessary.**    
Supported by his hands, Mitch's head felt as if nothing could weigh more. His elbows nearly buckled and slipped from the table. Each breath he took echoed in his mind and each felt as hopeless as the last. Between his elbows was a thick glass ashtray, once clear but now stained with years of use and currently occupied by almost identical cigarette stubs, some longer than others.    
Mitch's kitchen was dimly lit, the blinds were partially closed and the only other source of light came from his off-white refrigerator in the corner of the room. The door was facing him so he could only see a frame of light, which also obscured whoever had opened it.    
"Fuck all in 'ere mate."    
The light from the fridge soon vanished as the figure responsible for opening it slammed it abruptly, leaving the room in the familiar darkness Mitch had intended it to be.    
Mitch's new tenant was a man named Ira, and had been staying with him a month after his partner had passed away. He approached Mitch one night after he was making his drunken commute back home from his local bar, flashing wads of cash which carried the air of illegitimate gain.    
Ira stood at around 6 foot tall, but with his bad posture seemed shorter. His skin was littered with tattoos, some of a poor enough quality to be homemade. The only belongings he had brought with him where various torn and frayed pieces of clothing, lots of denim and strictly dark colours. Also, a deceivingly loud boombox which Ira would use at any given time depending on his mood, the muffled punk vocals and screeching guitars descending on the household whenever he saw fit. The way Mitch saw it though, his money was good, even if his taste was questionable.    
From the hall which connected the kitchen to the front door of the house, a loud knocking ruined the current ambiance, and persisted until Mitch had made it to the door, opening it slowly as Ira stood behind him, already appearing irritated at the disturbance, clenching his fists by his side aggressively, letting them hang there like a sidearm.    
It was Mitch's neighbour, whose name escaped him. John, maybe. John was red in the face and taking quick sharp breaths to match his scarlet complexion.    
"What on earth possesses you to play that drivel in the early hours? I don't know about you but I've got a job I have to go to..." John droned, and the rest of his tirade was muted, Mitch could see his lips move and his angry saliva distribute itself over the threshold of his home, but the volume of his rant had been lowered as Ira got closer, his head suddenly next to Mitch's left ear.    
"Go on. Punch his fucking head in. Who the fuck does he think he is. Do it, right now mate. If you don't, I fucking well will!" Ira screamed into Mitch's ear, but he wasn't too worried about his tenant stepping forward because he had realized a little while ago that John couldn't see Ira, much like the rest of the neighbors.    
Impressively, John was still competing in his one man shouting match by the time Ira took decisive action.    
"Fuck it then, let's 'ave it." He announced, and John could feel the heat of Ira's breath on his neck increase tenfold, leaving what felt like a scalding sensation.    
Mitch stepped forward suddenly and with both arms shoved John with great force.
John stumbled back from the step of the house and fell down onto his back, his left ankle landing underneath his right one in a position that looked far from natural. John screamed upon landing and continued to berate Mitch, with plenty of justification now, but his tirade was still muffled inside Mitch's head as he stepped down to approach John who was still prone on the floor.    
Standing over his injured neighbor, Mitch readied his fists and began to throw alternating punches at John's face, striking his cheeks and nose for what felt like an indeterminable amount of time. The muffled ranting soon dispersed and was replaced by the dull heavy sound of Mitch's knuckles against the maladjusted face of his neighbor.    
The only thing John had to offer at this point were shallow breaths through his cut lips as breathing through his broken nose wasn't currently an option. Cuts had also opened above his left eye and where his cheekbones had been pummeled.           John's left eye was struggling to open and swelling appeared to have already begun and his right one was shielded by his hand, a poor effort to limit the damage that had been dealt.    
Mitch sat back onto his step, his anger had subsided as suddenly as it had appeared and ignoring the man he had just beaten, he inspected his hands which were now cut at the swelling knuckles. His breathing slowed and as he came to, he could see his tenant standing next to him, applauding him with long drawn out claps.    
"Fucking class that mate, brilliant!" He chuckled as he sat down next to Mitch, taking one of his battle worn hands in his own, inspecting it for any real damage, or perhaps just out of fascination.    
"You know what they say lad, people who fly into a rage always stick the landing!" Ira cleverly misquoted.    
"I can't fucking wait to tell the others." He added, beaming with joy over the recent bout.
