There is no greater cruelty than kindness, no torture greater than mercy.

It had been 5 days.  There was no food to be had, not even trash that might contain a few calories, not even dogs to feel guilty about killing.  Not even rats.  Not even *cockroaches*.  I had heard that in desperate times, people had eaten the soles of their shoes.  I wasn't that desperate.  Yet.

More practically, the soles of my shoes had long since worn out.  I had thrown them away, and they had vanished like everything else that wasn't pristine, wasn't beautiful.  This was proper mercy.  It saved me searching for them once I *did* become that desperate.

False mercy was water.  Without water, I would be dead by now.  Without water, I might have even *escaped* by now.  But water there was, in drains and in ditches and in occasional showers.

The nature kind.  Not the plumbing kind.

I hated myself for drinking.  I knew that it would only prolong the misery, only stave off death for a while.  But when your body screams, and your mind is in shambles, the instinct to survive is all that remains.  I abstained as long as I could, always.  And in the end, I always gave in, and drank.

It gave me something new to hate about myself, at least.

Each moment was otherwise occupied by an obsession that had long since ceased to merely *border* on madness.  I should have mortgaged this.  I should have traded that.  I should have *willed* the die to fall differently.

Speaking of...

Time to roll again.  Another turn, another march into the unknown.  Another visit to some obscene mansion that I cannot enter, another sum added to a debt that I am utterly unable to pay.

I rolled a 3.  Here was true, if small, mercy.  Only a small march, and then I could sit and starve quietly.  I dreaded twelves.  A long march, and then some foolhardy house rule that said if you rolled doubles, you went again.

Never play with house rules.  Kindness is the greatest cruelty there is.

...

A few hours later, and fate was cruel once more.  I had landed at Ventnor Avenue, a property which I had once held in the game, that now seemed so long past.

I knew *exactly* how comfortable the bed inside was.  I knew *exactly* how delicious the food on the table would be.  And I knew *exactly* how miserable I was, and I knew, from experience, that this was only the beginning.

I curled up on the sidewalk, and wept.

...

I did manage to die, eventually.  I couldn't kill myself, couldn't leap off of any building, couldn't drown, couldn't smother myself, couldn't find a blade to cut out my own heart.  I never did manage to let myself die of thirst, but starvation came to me, as it always had, and I embraced it like an old friend.

I was dead, and once more free of pain, of hunger, of thirst, of ache.  And before me was a screen that covered the entirety of my vision.  There was a button on it which said "Play Again".

There were no other buttons.