I heard a rabid dog attacked him as a kid. That's why the left side of his face is so messed up." Mark flinched as his friend nudged him. "Look, I think you can see his brain leaking out!"

"You're an idiot, Tom. Everyone knows his family died in a car accident, which is why he acts so weird."

Harold glanced over at the whispers and plodded over, a wide-toothed grin plastered across his face. "Hullo, kids!" he blurted out at a volume entirely too loud for a library, though so usual it was that few patrons paid any mind.

"Hey Harold," Mark replied, forcing a smile. "Thanks again for finding that book on killer wasps last week. I don't know how you did it - the catalogs all said it was discontinued." Harold blushed slightly, beaming with pride. "Yessuh, that's why Mister Mockin gave me this job. He says I got a gift."

"Yeah, you're certainly blessed," snickered Tom, earning a sharp glance from his friend, though Harold only grinned and nodded. "Hey, I was hoping you could help me find a book for um, my Ancient Studies course. It's really important, and I haven't had any luck."

"Why, of course, Tommy Boy!" Harold exclaimed. "You just tell ol' Harold what you need, and I'll be on it like ants in a honey pot!"

"It's called *The Necronomicon*, and I just can't find it anywhere!" Mark jabbed his friend in the ribs. "Harold, don't listen to him, he's just..."

"Oh, I never say no to a friend, and you pumpkins are some of my best friends!" Harold shouted, wrapping his arms around the boys. "Now, you just wait right here, and let ol' Harold help you out." He was up and charging off before either could stop him.

"You're a dick, Tom. He's going to be chasing his tail for the rest of the day, and then feel horrible when he can't find your stupid book." Tom was laughing in earnest now, kicking his feet up and crossing his fingers smugly. "Don't be such a wet sock, Mark. It's funny. Besides, who knows, maybe he *will* find something."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Come on, man, it's getting late. You can finish that stupid paper tomorrow."

"I'm staying, Tom. I don't feel right about you did to Harold. It's been over two hours, and I haven't seen him anywhere."

"You're such a puss, Mark. I'm going to peace out then and...oh, look over there, your retarded boyfriend is back!"

Harold stood motionless, not twenty feet from where the boys sat. His eyes glowed with a soft, red hue and his posture was rigid as a board. After a moment, he began walking toward them, his movements cold and stiff. As he came closer, they noticed Harold's face was covered in soot, his hair had been largely singed off, and the right side of his face bore several deep scars.

"I have found the publication you requested," he intoned in a deep, mechanical voice, presenting a large, sealed tome. Skulls and bones seemed to dance on the face of it, sliding their movements along with the cover's deep brown grooves. "Are you...are you okay, Harold?" Mark asked, his voice wavering.

"I have seen many things," Harold replied. "Some of these things have made requests of me, and as you know, I never say no to a friend." Harold's face began to crack and a huge, contorted grin spread across it as he opened the tome to reveal a swirling black abyss within. "I have...such things to show you, boys."