*The Tales of Old informed us that the first Spell Casters were wise men and women traveling to form a New World after the Destruction of the Land of the Gods. Grandfather told me, when I was a mere child, that magic originated from a mysterious plant that grew in the deep caves in the Aditi Mountains. These first Spell Casters used magic without considering its consequence. And the first individual it forced into insanity was Master Damon. This was a tale told to the young to defer them from using magic. I honestly never paid it too much attention. That is, until the white light consumed me. And everything, even the deepest, darkest corners of my mind, went blank.*

My eyes opened slowly for the very first time. White, harsh light forced me to close them once more. I rolled onto my side and opened my eyes so they were slits. A blurry image swayed before my gaze. Blue eyes. 

*Camilla*?

I pulled my lids up completely. Ice blue eyes were staring at me. Dead eyes. 

"AH!"

I pushed myself backwards, my palms digging into the stone floor uncomfortably. She was lying limply. Blond hair cascading down her back. A flower lying just beyond her reach. The chill from the walls pierced my breath and I wrapped my arms around my body, shaking. High windows allowed beams of light to trickle into the room. Inscriptions covered the floor. 

A tomb. I was in a tomb. But why?

I looked around frantically. The girl (Camilla?) appeared to have fallen off her funeral pyre. Her skin was turning blue. Snowflake shapes tattooed on her skin. I began to hyperventilate. As hard as I tried, I couldn't recall anything in my life prior to this moment. The only memory that floated towards the light from the darkness of my mind was the name Camilla. 

Why Camilla?

Keys rattled against a door I could not see. Panic grasped me by the neck and I searched for a hiding spot. Shoes and voices began to approach, echoing off the high walls lightly. 

"Are you sure he's dead?"

"Yes Master."

"Positive?"

"Yes Master. He has left the land of the living and walks among the shadows. I promise you." 

Without much time to think I rushed beneath the funeral pyre and squeezed myself between two caskets. Spider webs tickled my neck and my chest was crushed between the marble. I covered my mouth to muffle the sound of my breathing. My heart was beating harder than it ever had before. From what I can remember anyway. 

The strangers turned the corner. Something clattered to the ground. 

"No." a man's voice yelled, "No. He was here. He wasn't breathing! You should have seen! Master, it is not possible that he lived. Someone must have stolen his body. He is a symbol of *hope* after all!" 

Silence encompassed the tomb, laced with a tension I could feel creeping down my own spine. Then a bang that echoed harshly against the stone walls. It sounded like someone had smashed the other into the wall. 

"I do not wish to hear your excuses Davial." The Master's voice was controlled, but just. "Now you will go out and find him. We cannot risk him remembering what happened. And if you fail, you will join your dear Athena here."

The threat sounded true. Davial's breath was shaking. The footsteps receded swiftly down the hallway. I waited in the cold until my fingers were promptly frozen and I could hardly breathe. When I felt it was somewhat safe, I pulled myself out from the cracks, spiders falling from the tips of my hair and stood up for what felt like the first time. Blood rushed to my ears. 

So this girl wasn't Camilla.  

I ran my fingers though my hair. A ring glimmered on my right hands ring finger. It was a bright blue. It meant nothing to me. Cautiously, I placed the flower on top of the girls hands and then walked silently towards the tomb's door. 

*Camilla*. Was it my name? I am a man, but perhaps it was an alias. Or my parent's desired a girl instead of a boy. It was troubling to me to have no memory and only one really question. And as the only memory I had from my previous life, I couldn't help but feel an addiction to it. And I let the pursuit of this one answer consume me. 

Outside, the sunlight was warm on the eyes but cool on the skin. It must have been Autumn. The leaves were bright reds, browns, and yellows. I took to the shadows feeling like one myself. It seemed that I was not supposed to be alive, and yet here I was breathing in the cool air. 

I snuck around until I found an opening in the surrounding fence. And then I ran without any true direction until I felt like the shadows could no longer follow me. There were large mountains in the distance and a city with high stone walls tucked between them. 

Something inside me knew that these were the Aditi Mountains and I believed in instinct without question. Foggy, distorted images fluttered under the blackness of my consciousness. There was something there that I needed to find. Perhaps locating this Camilla was the first step. 

I stayed off the road and walked between the trees. I was unsure of what would happen if anyone saw me and reported back to Master and Davial but I would rather not find out. As I wandered through the bush I came across an abandoned black cloak. It was tattered and torn, but still mostly in one piece. I placed it over my body and pulled the hood over my eyes. Fear melted into determination. 

My feet seemed to know the way better than my mind. I followed my instincts, a small gut feeling that resided in the pit of my stomach, until I came across a small back door that led into the Kingdom. The Kingdom of the Aditi Mountains. 

"Aye! Traveler!" A cheerful voice said. A man who I had not previously noticed stood up from a chair by the door and approached me. He bowed deeply. "Have you come here to seek a taste of the Aditi waters? I hear it is laced with magic. Can grant anyone who drinks from it ten more years of life!" He looked up at me. He was a tall, thin, unattractive man with browning teeth, stringy brown hair and an ugly smile. He seemed to be unaware of any of these traits. 

"Um, no." I said lightly. "I have come here to seek a woman named Camilla." 

"Lady Camilla?" The man asked, his tone growing in suspicion. 

"Perhaps." I said. 

"What are you on about?" He asked, "either you are seeking her or you ain't." 

"Well then yes," I said, "I am seeking her." 

The man sighed and rolled his eyes dramatically. "Not another one..." He breathed.

"Okay," He said, "I will take you to her, but I must warn you she is looking for a talented Spell Caster and you, my dear fellow, are not even close." 

I was about to ask him what a spell caster was, but thought better of it. I had access to the Kingdom. Perhaps my answers would be somewhere in there. 

"I am Sir Robert Shrute." The man said, "And you are..?" 

Who am I? Wasn't that the most pressing question of the day. My eyes darted around frantically until I noticed a name embroidered into my cloak. 

"You can call me Elpidius." I said. The man laughed. 

"Indeed." He sneered. 

The Kingdom of Aditi smelled of flowers, salt, and firewood. The Kingdom was built on bridges that stretched across the many rivers. This must be the Aditi waters that Sir Robert had mentioned. The people were all dressed in blues, pinks, and browns. They rushed around in daily activities but I could not help but watch them in complete awe. There was everything imaginable in the streets. Tapestries, a statue of a man on a horse, paintings of beautiful mountain views, many different types of food. I walked with my head down. I wondered what I looked like. My fingers were feeling my own face before I could consider how strange that would look. Sir Robert gave me yet another look. 

As we approached a large building I became nervous. I felt completely out of place. Like a thread in a tapestry that had been pulled out and roughly shoved back in without really fitting. Had I actually died in that tomb? Was I sent back by the Gods ? I was beginning to feel like I would never remember my purpose or who I truly was. Was that worse than death? 

"Lady Camilla!" Sir Robert exclaimed as he pulled open the large wooden doors. "I have yet another Spell Caster here who believes that he can win you over." 

"I am tired Sir Robert." A female's voice rang through the halls, "I do not wish to see anyone else." 

"I think you might find him amusing at the very least." Sir Robert said, "Just one more, please my Lady?" 

We came to a stop as Lady Camilla glided softly around the corner. She leaned against the white pillars and her green eyes washed over me lightly. 

"Him?" she said, "Why, he looks like a bagger." 

"Indeed," Sir Robert said, "And he calls himself Elpidius." 

Sir Robert began to laugh, losing all composure he had held until this moment. Lady Camilla's eyes narrowed and she stood upright with a jolt. Suddenly she was marching towards me. Her shoes echoing loudly through the hall.

"Do you think this is funny?!" She shouted. She was inches from my face. Her breath smelled like mint and her black hair fell around her shoulders violently. 

"I-" 

"How care you disrespect me like this!" She said, "This is the most important thing that has ever happened to this Kingdom and you, *Sir* have no right to mock it!" She was almost crying. Big tears clung to the edges of her eyes. "Show your face so I can look upon the man who thought this was a joke!" 

She pulled off my hood. Her face flickered through many different emotions. Sadness. Joy. Anger. Confusion. Sir Robert and Lady Camilla looked at me as if I were a painting on the wall at a museum. 

"It is not possible..." Lady Camilla said. 

"What is not possible?" I said.

"It's you... it's really you!" She jumped and wrapped her arms around me laughing. "You dog!" 

"Oh," I said awkwardly, "Right. Um, one question though. Who am I?" Her expression fell into sadness once more. 

"You do not remember?" She said. "It's true then. The magic... it's true. Oh my old friend, we have much to discuss." 