  

People called me crazy when I said I could see words in the sky. We had dragons, mythical creatures and magic but words in the sky didn’t exist. These words predicted the future. They always mentioned this one person in my village. He was a human blacksmith destined to be a great warrior apparently. His name was John Alexander. His journey started when his finance Frey got sick with a fatal magic disease. I tried warning him when I saw the description of the sickness in the sky, but he ignored me. 

Now he’s going off to some foreign land to search for a cure. I managed to convince him to take me with him, Frey was my friend. Whenever we fought foes, I could always tell him how our enemies attacked, but does he listen? What do you think?

We were in a cave trying to reach the Humlex forest of the Northern elves.

“For god’s sake, left!” I cried. John rolled to the right and screeched when a small blade impaled his back. 

“I can do this myself!” John said as he yanked the knife out. His opponent, an oversized lizardman hissed and raised its head. 

“He can breathe fire and he has super strength,” I called when I read its description. “Roll to the left.” Once again John ignored my words and thrust forward with his sword.  John flew over my head when the lizard smacked him with its arm. 

“You are not helping,” John said as he got up from the floor, he ran back at the lizard. I looked up at the sky to read the next words. ‘with a bright light, the lizard slinked back to lick its wounds,’ it wrote. 

“Its weakness is bright lights,” I called out. I rummaged through my bag and pulled out a light crystal. “Here I’ve got one!” 

“Stay out of this!” John yelled as he slashed at the lizard’s tail. The lizard roared and sprayed fire from his mouth. John shielded himself with his enchanted shield. The fire stopped when I approached the lizard with the crystal. Screeching it shielded its eyes. It turned around and ran deeper into the cave. I lowered the crystal and went over to John. 

“I’ve got a few healing potions.”

“I’m fine.”

“If you bleed out, Frey is doomed.”

“I said I’m fine. The elves can’t be that far.” 

“Why do you never want help?”

“Because I don’t need it. Come on Frey needs that medicine.” I stored the light crystal back in my bag and followed him as we went further down the cave. 

“Can I at least look at your wounds?” I asked as I looked up at the glowing words on the walls of the cave. John was in more pain than he showed. 

“No.”

“Quit being stubborn. I don’t want Frey to be sad when I get back.”

“I said I’m fine!” Written in red ink was ‘John collapses after 5 more steps, the poison has become too much for him’.

“If you care about Frey you will let me do this. You’ve been poisoned.” I grabbed his arm, but he shook me off and kept walking. “Damn it, would you listen to me?!” 

“Guilt tripping me won’t wo-” I shrieked as John face planted. I stilled as the words on the walls dissolved and became a jumbled mess. What now? After several minutes of illegible writing, clear words took place on the wall with my name. I was now the main character. 