"What about sharks?" I ask sensei. "I don't care how wise a man is, he can't beat a shark."

"A wise man knows that sharks are bound to the sea. Sharks are not worth fearing." responded sensei.

"Ok... but wouldn't a wise man know not to go out to sea in a storm then?" I ask sensei.

"No wise man can predict the changes of weather. The wise man knows that storms can come at any time, thus he fears it." responds sensei.

"But... why is a night with no moon worth fearing? Can't a wise man not simply bring a launtern. I mean, we can predict changes of the moon." I ask sensei.

"Pherhaps. But if the wise man were forced out into a night with no moon, then he would have right to be afraid." replies sensei.

"So the wise man doesn't fear the night itself, but being forced into it?" I ask.

"That is correct." informs sensei.

"But... shouldn't a wise man also then be afraid of being forced into water with sharks?" I ask.

Sensei thinks for a moment... then he speaks "There are four things wise men fear. The sea in storm, a night with no moon, the anger of a gentle man, and sharks in the sea."

"But a gentle man would probably be less fit then a rowdy man. Shouldn't the wise man fear the rowdy man more?" I ask.

"Ahh, but the rowdy man is a slave to his anger. Whereas a gentle man will steer it. Because the gentle man rarely gets angry, when he is made angry, he channels it towards his thoughts, meticulously planning the downfall of those who angered him." responds sensei.

"But... shouldn't it be wise men who you fear then? Rather then gentle men?" I ask.

"But a wise man might yet be rowdy." responds sensei.

"Then... pherhaps he should fear wise, gentle men. Because a foolish gentle man cannot plot a downfall so well." I point out.

"Very well my pupil. There are four things wise men fear. The sea in storm, a night with no moon, the anger of a gentle yet wise man, and sharks in the sea." states sensei.

"What about hurricanes?" I ask.

"A wise man does not fear what he cannot control." responds sensei.

"But he can control his responce to hurricanes. He might see patterns in the clouds and hide in a shelter." I point out.

"Then what has a wise man to fear?" asks sensei.

"Not looking up at the clouds often enough." I reply.

Sensei let's out an audible sigh. "Pherhaps there is one more thing a wise man should fear."

"What is that sensei?"

"An inquireing student."