I was exhausted, that was the long and short of it.

Between getting straight As at college, my job at the local soup kitchen, my volunteer work at the battered women's shelter and the Willow County Humane Society, and my sewing for the homeless, I had barely enough time to sleep, let alone relax or go to therapy. Most days it took everything I had to keep moving from one activity to the next when all I wanted to do was lay in bed and be a lump of major depression, but I lived for the day when mania took over and I accomplished more than should have been possible.

I knew it was unhealthy and unsustainable. But I kept going. I couldn't be like my mother.

When I knew her, my mother was a wonderful person. She taught me to be selfless, to help people, and to love everyone regardless of status or blood color. But by the time I was born, her blood was already pitch black. She never told me what she did.

She devoted her life to helping others. But good deeds do nothing when your blood is already dark. We lived in the Hills, one of the many apartment buildings in a cluster near the edge of town that public policy and general prejudice kept most dark bloods in. The heat never worked and crime was rampant. My mother was killed in a break-in while I was out grocery shopping, and I never did learn if it was another dark blood who killed her or one of the light blood gangs who randomly mete out "justice" to dark bloods. I still miss her every day.

A sudden, sharp pain jerks me out of my thoughts. I had practically been nodding off as I finished hand-sewing a buttonhole and had pricked my finger hard. I immediately reached for a scrap of cloth to mop the blood off my sewing table. Then I stopped, cloth in mid-air. There was no blood on the sewing table.

I looked at the wound on my finger. It was not leaking thin, clear blood like it should have. Instead, there was just a tiny bit of what looked like tar, so thick it didn't even form a drop.

I stared at it in shock for a moment, not comprehending what I was seeing. I'd devoted my entire life to helping others. This wasn't what my blood was supposed to look like.

I did the only thing I could think to do. I called Miranda.

Miranda and I had met in Spanish class when I noticed she was struggling and offered to help, and we'd somehow been friends ever since. We were complete opposites. Miranda didn't seem to have dedicated her life to anything and only focused on what she wanted to do in the moment. She drank, she swore, she had a lot of sex with people of all genders. She had a quick temper and was openly and unashamedly selfish, and she didn't care one bit about how it was affecting her blood. If anyone knew how to deal with being a dark blood, it was Miranda.

By the time Miranda showed up, I had finished the buttonholes and had started baking a triple batch of gluten-, nut-, and dairy-free brownies to take into the women's shelter tomorrow. Without even greeting me, Miranda took the spoon out of my hand and led me to the couch. She sat next to me and adjusted her short skirt so her underwear wasn't showing. "You sounded upset on the phone," she said. "What's wrong?"

"I just ... I'm not ..." I began, but I couldn't find the words to admit I was a dark blood. Instead, I took the band-aid off my finger and showed her the tiny needle-prick where just a spot of black blood was visible. "Look."

Miranda looked at my finger for a moment. "You're a dark blood?"

I nodded, feeling tears well up in my eyes. "I don't know what I did. I've tried to be good my entire life."

She put her arm around me. "I'm so sorry."

"How do you deal with it?"

"With what?"

"With being a dark blood."

Her eyebrows raised. "Sweetheart, no." She stood up and grabbed a pin from my sewing table, hissing as she pricked the pad of her index finger. She sat down next to me again and squeezed her finger so a drop of blood welled up. It was not clear, but it was still a very light gray and rolled easily down her finger. "I'm not."

"I don't understand." I searched for answers in her face but found none. "Our actions are supposed to affect our blood. I've only ever done good things. You - no offense, but you've done a lot of things that aren't virtuous." Tears were running down my cheeks now. "How can I have such dark blood and yours be so light? What did I do that you didn't?"

Miranda looked at me with sympathy in her eyes. "You have bipolar disorder. That's why."