Stephen opened the fridge door. Out of milk, as always. The one time he asked her to do something, and she didn't. Slightly annoyed, well maybe more than slightly, he proceeded to eat his cereal dry, for he wouldn't let her win that one. It was during his incessant munching that he saw a post-it note stuck to the cabinet across the room, where she knew he would be staring at during his breakfast. With no milk.

 "I understand how difficult it is to find time available in your busy post-mortem schedule, but can you please throw the trash out? Love, Stephanie."

 He crumpled the paper on his hand. No milk and a full trashcan, how lovely. It wasn't like she was too busy herself, going to work everyday with that dimwit Mark and having to go back home before the Cursed Hour of 11:35. His friends warned him of it, it's bad luck marrying someone with the same name as yours, but he didn't listen, it was only coincidence, right? Besides, imagine how cute their Christmas cards would be! Now he was stuck there, spending most of his time doing menial work to someone he didn't even saw it anymore. And yet he did as asked, and as the good husband that he was, he threw the trash out.

 Afterwards, he went to brush his teeth. However, that task was interrupted as soon as he looked down and saw the sink clogged with his wife's hair. Immediately, he pulled the pile of stick-it notes out of his pocket and wrote it in one before placing it on the mirror. It said "Hey honey, you forgot to unclog the sink after using it, which you somehow managed to clog same as you did with the one on the shower. Can you please not forget it anymore? XOXO, Stephen."

 Once that was done, he continued with his morning routine; Teethbrushing, showering, pooping, the post-pooping check on the phone, the second showering after the post-pooping, and finally the kiss on his wife's cheeks, which he did every morning before going to work, without ever forgetting. Once at the office, he kept on his duties as an accountant, which turns out weren't so different from his days as a dead body. You see, the thing about Stephen and Stephanie's marriage is that they were both dead, but differently from the usual marriage, not at the same time. After an unfortunate cooking accident that killed Stephen, Stephanie realized she couldn't live without him, so she did what any reasonable person would do and stole a witch's bible from her aunt Karen, with the intent of using it to bring the man back to life. Of course, as any CW Network writer could tell you, only death could pay for life, so she sacrificed herself on his behalf. However, upon waking and seeing his dead wife lying next to him, Stephen also became distraught and unable to move on, and with the book conveniently sitting between the two of them open in the exact page with the instructions, he too performed the rituat, bringing her back to life.

 But of course, there was a catch. The ritual was only temporary. If they didn't brought each other back before the Cursed Hour of 11 :35, the dead person would remain dead, forever. So they kept their appearances as much as they could, living their lives separately, meeting each other only at that faithful hour, blessed and cursed with their intertwined existence.

 So Stephen came back from work, and at the precise time of 11:35 he gave the kiss of life to his wife as he always did, once done laying dead at his side of the bed. At his next awakening, he found a stick-it note glued to his forehead.

 "Can you please clean the gutter once you have some free time? With kindness, Stephanie."

 He sighed. He hated cleaning the gutter, and he would have to waste his next summer doing it? Yet he didn't complained, not only because she wouldn't listen, being dead and all, but also because he didn't mind doing it, for she was his wife, and that's what husbands do.

 It was only when he looked at the calendar that he yelled at her corpse.

 "Hey honey, maybe you haven't noticed, but that meeting with the Greys is going to happen in one of MY days, maybe you should reschedule? With regards, Stephen."

 "Howdy, have you borrowed my Princess Bride dvd to that slob Johnny? You know he's not careful. Please get it back. From my heart, Stephanie."

 "Johnny is careful enough, and it ain't like I've seen my spatula ever since you "borrowed" to your mother. Also, can you get some milk? Eskimo kisses, Stephen."

 "You literally killed yourself with that spatula. Also, you haven't sent the letter as I asked, and well, could you? It's kind of a big deal. I would do it myself, but I'm too busy with work. Many hugs, Stephanie."

 "I'm sure you're working very hard with that Mark.  50 blessings, Stephen."

 "Not this again. From the deepest and most viscous corner of my heart, Stephanie."

 It was more than enough to make his blood boil. All of the bickering, the sarcasm, the lack of any visible surfaces, it was too much. It wasn't even like they were together anymore, forced to live lifes as strangers, connected by the most tangential of connections. It was too much. He wanted to end it all, to exist free of thei shackles, to do the kind thing and leave her to the angels, and wasn't that the kind thing. But he didn't. Once 11:35 came, he gave her the kiss of life and layed next to her, but not before leaving a post-it note on her cheek. Once she woke up, she pulled the piece of paper out of her skin, and it read:

 "I love you, Stephen."