*Arriving at Arena, don't forget to check out with your public transport card.*

The message jolted him awake. He opened his eyes, but found that whether they were open or closed, there was nothing.
He began to panic, opening and closing his eyes furiously. It didn't appear to be working, which was concerning. He tried to recount what he was doing. 

He was on a metro, heading out of the city. He must have fallen asleep, how stupid. He knew there were only 2 stops still to his destination. 

"Alright, enough dozing, there's work to be done" he told himself.
Upon which he felt his hand reach for the arm of the chair and stand up. 

This was very odd, as he had not instructed his arm, or his legs to do this. He did want to do it, but he hadn't yet. Pondering the question, he came to realize he could not remember what was 2 stops from here, or what the name of the station was. In fact, he had great difficulty remembering anything at all. He could vaguely recall waking up and not being able to see anything.

He couldn't see anything???
Panicking, he opened and closed his eyes furiously- but in neither position were his eyes sensing anything. This made him incredibly angry, upon which he slammed his fist down on the seat, frightening the woman who sat opposite him. He looked at his hand, and then back at the woman, and realized that he could see once more. 

After realising this, it felt as if a dam had burst, releasing it's enormous water reservoir into his mind. His thoughts were flooded with a second set of memories. He realized that he was, in fact, not him at all. He was actually an it, which had rather presumptuously taken control of him -the human- by twisting *it*self around *his* spinal column. 

Also, he suddenly felt an immense urge to laugh very loud.

*This train will continue to the following stations:...*

Some part of him tried incessantly to remind him about the upcoming stop, at which he was supposed to get off the train.

"Never mind that-" it commanded himself "I've got to figure out what this all means!"

Which was actually rather simple. Apparently it was a Zua'in, an ancient race of semi-parasitical creatures that survive only inside a living mammal. In doing so, a process called "blending" occurs, where the personalities of the Zua'in, it's former hosts, and the new host, all get mixed together to form a new identity. 

"Ok- well that explains that" Also- his memories obligingly provided- this period of realisation was very normal for its species. In a moment of extreme emptiness, the combined personality can temporarily part to allow the Zua'in to ponder its current position, and strategize it's next steps. Seeing that it was not in any danger at the moment, and had found quite a nice life for itself, he decided to remain put, until his next moment of realisation. He shut the faucet of memories, and merged together with himself once more.

The woman was still observing him cautiously.