“Welcome Daniel,” came a booming voice from another room.  

Daniel took a panicked look around.  “I…I just needed a quick buck, what the hell is this?”

The lights went out and the room with the voice had a faint glow.  Dan took a hesitant step towards the room but fell through the floor.  He landed in what looked like an exact replica of the house.  Unsure what he had got himself into he took another step towards the couch to have a seat.  When he did everything shifted around the room and stuck to the walls.  That’s when she stepped out of the kitchen.  

Daniel went blank-faced.  How was this even possibly? She was dead it wasn’t his fault but goddamnit he never forgot that night.  “How have you been,” the lady asked.  “Miss me?”

“I don’t understand, we saw you die, I mean I wanted to help but we panicked and we thought you were dead, and there wasn’t anything we could do.” 

“PLAYER 3 has entered the chamber,” that mysterious voice made Dan jump out of his skin. 

“It seems our final guest has made his way here,” she snapped her fingers and another person came falling out of the roof.  Daniel recognized him immediately it was old friend whom he hadn’t spoken to since that night.  

“Craig?” 

“Dan, what the fuck is going on?” Craig was getting on his feet. “One second I’m stepping into this easy old lady’s house and the next thing I know I’m trapped and fall down here.”  He looked over and saw her, the love of his life, but something has changed she looked darker.  “Sally, oh my god Sally.” Tears came flowing from his eyes.

“Well Dan and Craig it seems you haven’t forgotten what happened and obviously neither have I.  Since you two left me there to die the GameMaster has given me a chance to do the same with you two,” again a snap of her fingers and the room changed to an arena.  Weapons hung on the wall; battle axes, swords, nun-chucks were amongst them.  

“Everything just went wrong and you weren’t even supposed to be there,” Daniel yelled! “We were young and stupid teenagers we thought we could get away.”

“SHUT YOUR MOUTH and pick your weapon, and choose wisely for it may be the last choice you make,” the lady said as she walked up to her seat. “You have 2 minutes to choose for the duel starts then. Oh and if you fail to make a decision I simply will kill you both.” 

“Dan you’re not buying this shit are you.  Our guilt has just caused us to go crazy man,” Craig stammered.

“You know what Craig fuck you man.  You never returned my calls and I needed you, I needed you so much but the bottle and nightmares replaced you.” Dan looked up to Craig and met him in a dead look.  He moved to the wall grabbed a sword and threw one to Craig. “You were my best friend and then you just left me.  I’ve lived a pretty shitty life but you were someone who kept me going and without you I didn’t see the point.” 

Craig grabbed the sword off the ground and the lady jumped with joy as the duel has begun.  Both Dan and Craig had much sword fighting experience but in this world it didn’t matter much.  The moves came with ease as Dan and Craig fought tooth and nail.  All the while the lady smiled her thin lips pushed together.  Swords clanged, sweat dropped, blood was drawn and at the end it seemed they both had nothing left.  Just then Craig made a move that made Dan jump and instinctively the sword went through Craig.  He was bleeding out on the floor next to Dan and with his dying breath, “I’m sorry man I know I fucked up.  I loved her so much and had to try and leave it behind me and I didn’t even think of you.”

“She may have been your girlfriend but fuck man she was my sister.  I had to face my family and tell them what happened. I saw my mother’s tears and my father’s disappointment. I may feel bad later on in life about you but right now I’m glad you’re leaving for good,” Dan said as he stood up and walked away.  “I miss you, sister, but you and I are even now I have nothing let me leave.”

“As you wish,” the sister snapped her fingers again and Dan appeared in the living room with Craig bleeding out and the next thing he heard was “We got you surrounded come out with your hands up.”
