The dark lord (pwfffffff....original... ahem.)

The dark lord approached the house wielding his infamous wand, night bringer. And as he entered the house he walked in, happy to finally corner his prey, the weak Samson, who was also his arch nemesis, (really?), a boy 8 years old (really??), who was destined to slay him in 8 years time. The prophecy, which had bee given to him by the elder witches, in the swamp of woe (sigh, why can't witches and dark lord live in nice bright mansions on a fruit farm in Kentucky, ahem). The prophecy shown in a crystal ball of seeing showed a baby born on the third day, of the third month, to the third set of incestuous twins, in the third state, in the third (city..... its city right?) city at 3333 Charles street. This baby would harness forgotten magic, with no training, and overcome his upbringing of (jazz hands dancing parents lol) in a troup of acrobats. (The real murderer of the boy is the author, and the witches that gave the prophecy, but will they be punished for making me read and recite this? No.)

Over the intercom a voice spoke. "Tyrone, can you just read it as is. I've got to cut our all your extra commentary. It was funny for a bit, but just stick to the script okay?"

As the dark lord stepped forth, a dark shape appeared behind him which he did not notice. (Even though he is the most dangerous man in the land, he goes alone to this creepy house, with no backup...). 


"Tyrone..." (sorry)

The dark form reached out, draining the dark lord of his powers. Unable to so anything, but watch, as the boy shimmered before his eyes, and becoming the next dark lord, with access to all his power. (Okay, nice plot twist... respect, but how did a 8 year old nobody kill the dark lord??)

"Dont't argue." (I just want an explanation.)
"Just read the lines as they show up on the screen Tyrone. You are lucky you even have a job. If I didnt love my sister I would've fired you by now." 

The dark lord survived, a former husk of his old self. Protected by having split his soul into (this is bullshit, you are ripping off Harry Potter!!!!)

"Look, it's a new series called the tales of Warry Otter, and the philosophers mug, totally different."

(This is bullshit. And you know it. I'm out, I don't want my voice attached to this.  I quit! Gryffindor!!!!!)

Come back. Tyrone!!! Come back!

Hello? Please?

Janet, please call the 10th voice actor on the list. We lost another one.... that's right. Can you ask the next one if they have read or seen Harry Potter. Sure, dont send anybody that has over. Great. Thanks Janet. 
