(Little late to the game)

Death looks down, into his book. Only three people turn 18 in his jurisdiction. Death heard from Poseidon there's twenty a day in his domain, so Death counts his blessing and starts his slow day. 

The first receives the power of flight, it'll take a while but they'll get the hang of it eventually. 
The second receives a pair of scissors. A little unorthodox but the tailor is happy with them and will use them for years to come. 
The third is where the problems arise. It's a little past midday when Death looks into his book and realises the information is missing. The third has no gift to receive. But Death isn't that easily discouraged, there's procedures for these types of things, so he calls the helpdesk for information. 

"Good Luck helpdesk, how can I help you?" 

The angel asks and death explains his situation; he's missing a gift. The angel doesn't understand, if he's missing a gift he can go to the warehouse and pick it up, but Death explains, there is no gift for this person. 

Death spends hours searching for an answer but no-one has seen this situation before. A little before six Death has decided; he'll think of a gift and give it to you. 

So he spends his remaining six hours shadowing you, searching for something you would be happy with. Maybe a magic lamp, maybe a healing factor, or maybe even a goold old sword and shield, but none of these seem fitting. 

A little before midnight Death follows you out of the hospital when it sinks in; you're studying to be a doctor. Now, Death's knowledge about the human world is expansive, and he knows what doctors are. They decide over the fate of humans in very much the same way he does. But they don't give up as easily, a doctor will do whatever it takes to keep the human alive. 
This is when Death knew the perfect gift for you. The power to decide over life and Death. 
Death follows you to your home and calls his scythe, a staff almost as big as he is, and knocks on the door. Death sits down and puts the scythe on his lap. The door opens and he hands you the scythe, you take the small knife in your hand and walk back inside. Death lingers to look at your door. 


Years later you are about to start your first shift at your new job; you're a surgeon at the local hospital, in your bag the small knife that's been in your possession for as long as you can remember. 

Unbeknownst to you Death lingers to watch you. 
