“It’s ran out? What do you mean “It has run out.”?!” I yell, my face crumpled in anger.
“I’m sorry about this, but our database says you’ve finished the contract period wi-“ the disembodied starts before I cut it off.
“Finished the contact period?! What a load of crap! I had an eternal deal with that old bastard. Trust him to ruin this so easily.” I huff.

I stand in the vast emptiness of The Universe, the blackness expanding in all directions with a blinding white spot hanging to my right. There’s a very faint hum of The Universe existing, feeling almost like a weak pressure on my ears. Along with this hum is the gentlest of breezes, slightly ruffling my dirty blonde unkept hair. My grey eyes catch the light from the Sun and shine harshly as I stare into the emptiness in front of me. Usually The Universe isn’t this empty, but since the downgrade things big and small have vanished. Planets have disappeared, not to mention stars like Betelgeuse have faded and dimmed. I fear for the safety of planets like Earth, with their population fickle and weak. It doesn’t help that my Earthling ancestry makes me more biased toward them.

“The deal you made with Him is nothing to do with us I’m afraid, we just let The Users know when or if their version of The Universe is being altered.” The voice says with a saddened tone, almost hurt by my harshness.
“I know, I know. I guess I’d better pay the old fool a visit. It’s been quite a while since I last saw Him.” I sign, regretting signing the original contract with the senile being. “Is there anything you can do to sort this? I can assure you my Universe has no ‘trial period’ attached to it.” I ask, preparing for my upcoming inevitable journey.
“I’m afrad not User, we can’t alter the state of your Universe unless you speak to Him to sort it. Any and all issues with your version of The Universe must go through the proper channels and requirements.” The voice explains, reading the standardised form for this sort of happening.
“Such a pain in the ass...” I groan, praying that there’s some way to fix this.
“I apologise for this inconvenience User, but that’s all I can do.”
“Very well...” I sigh. This is going to be a long visit. I thank the voice for its time, then plan to head towards The Center. I turn from one empty expanse to another, and zoom forwards, hurtling towards my destination. I guess it’s time to give Mr. Tor a visit.