"*Yakos deltros festertgar...*" POP! '*..balagar... bashtar... bong....*' a sudden rush of smoke and suddenly my heads spinning, as it starts to clear I hear mumbling "for fuck sake, it says bang you idiot!" then somewhat sheepishly the voice which had been chanting "it worked..." which was met by a sneering 'did it?' 
  
Three set's of eyes peer at me through the smoke, I tried to blow away some of the thick acrid smoke which was curling up around me but instead the smoke already in my lungs simply engulfed the trio of terrified looking little wizardy things. It took a moment to clear and when it did they looked slightly woozy, slightly spaced. I still wasn't sure exactly what was going on but this was definitely the best weed I'd smoked in a very long time.  
  
'CREATURE OF DARKNESS WE HAVE SUMMONED YOU...' one of them yelled, slightly shakily   
'whoa man, like, thats like totally like, whoa.'   
'WE ARE THE LEGION OF CHAOTIC DARKNESS, THE HIGHEST ORDER OF WARRIOR MAGES'   
'whoa, I'm uh... Marcus, from Cheedle, nice to meet you...?'  
'WE HAVE SUMMONED YOU OH GREAT TERROR FROM THE FROM THE DEPTHS OF HELL'   
'Cheedle's not too bad actually' I offered 'good busses.'   
'WE... uh... what?'  
'hu?'  
'...'  
'I uh... whoa man like, i've totally forgotten what i was going to say.'   
  
The three of them gather in a huddle and whispered, I looked around at the small room - well small for me, huge to the little hooded characters that summoned me. It was kinda nice, a bit gothic looking. I put my window to the glass and peered out, seemed a nice sunny day and i was kinda cramped up sitting under the low roof so I pushed at the wooden door to see if i could squeeze though and sure enough it opened easily, unfortunately the door frame came with it and i caused a bit of damage as i squeezed out but it sure was nice to stretch out and feel the sun on me.  
  
It was funny standing watching all the little creatures running around in circles and scurrying to hide when they saw me, it wasn't until i leaned right down again to look at all the little buildings that i heard the three guys shouting at me again.  
'OH GREAT SPIRIT OF DESTRUCTION WE HAVE A GREAT BATTLE WORTHY OF YOUR HONOUR!'  
'you got any weed?' i asked hopefully, but they did not have any weed no. They wanted me for their army or something, the next country along are evil or worship the wrong god or something, I told them they should chill our and try to be bros about things - wouldn't a nice world where everyone is friends be much nicer? he didn't think so but i found a nug of cali kush in my pocket and breaking off a crumb the size of his head told him to have a smoke and relax. 'dude that shits the chronic' i told him 'it'll like make you totally see shit and like i smoked some and saw all these wizards and shit and like gave one of them some weed then he smoked it and I was like whoa that hasn't even happened yet and it's like contradicting in my brain, whoa man.' 
  
The three wizards just looked at me baffled, one of them started tell the others it was the devils poison and then one of them said it would give super-powers and so i tried to tell them it was the devils weed but not a poison and it wouldn't give you super-powers it'd just unlock your 7th chakra and allow you to convert energy to mass more efficiently so you could use your mind to manipulate the energies of the cosmos. 
  
I don't really know what happened to those guys to be honest though, i saw a lovely hill in the distance looked just like a sofa so i lay back with my feet in the sea and smoked my last joint before dozing off gently and waking up where I always do, on the stairs with my clothes half tangled around me. 
  
