*Writers' Disclaimer:* This philosophical juxtaposition between law and morality aims to elevate all of humanity pairs an amazing setting for special effects to any takers of high budgeted flops, there just isn't any real significance behind the story, regardless of the outcome, save one fascinating event: a stellar production by the likes that "Forest Gump", or "Saving Private Ryan". So unless you are hired by Tom Hanks, do not attempt story this at home.

*This is Chapter One: The Wise Men*

The place I came to was barren, my long journey had been cold, wet, and painful due to the deceleration of my rundown third generation Type II Hyperon capsule, a common problem with escape capsules of that era. They had been terribly programmed for reentry into a variety of differing gravity situations, though it did save my life from the Hunters. I thought I would have been safe with the Dralracii, but it seems the Hunters were more resourceful than I gave them credit. I had no warning they were on the planet before they raided the city, and they slaughtered thousands before I made it to the pod to flee. I chose the Mark II for its out of date programming and pre-emergent technologies, which would make it very hard to track or locate as it moved, something which allowed me to escape before, and is the single reason that I am still alive. 

The landscape around me is dry, a welcome change from the capsules interior, which had a leak in the liner of the pod itself, (mainly for shielding of intergalactic radiation) giving the entire interior layer of moist condensate all over the walls and myself, I found myself pickled and soggy upon arrival. The wind is lightly stirring dust along the trail before me, and I focus on the distant horizon, turning around getting my bearings... there is nothing to see, just more sand, few scrub brush, and my pod. The pod had half buried itself into the sand, a large mound pushed up before it, it stuck out as a silvery bullet in the otherwise flat landscape. There was nothing I could do for it now, with no help to right it, I would have to leave it in its current resting place. I began to walk. I was not walking straight, but I had to make a decision, I had to find shelter, find water, find someone to help me in this desolate place. I had landed near a city, I knew that the Mark II had been programmed to land near any inhabited locations, but I fear the high gravity of the planet had interfered once again with its ability to accurately land me within reasonable distance of that population. I circled the pod, breathing deeply and feeling the remaining moisture from the capsule being whipped away by the Sun's powerful rays, breathing in dust from the planets desert, and my panic began: I had to flee for my life, I must get to safety!

Many thoughts flew though my mind: I had always been that of privilege, all during my adolescence I had enjoyed the comforts of technology, perfectly balanced air quality, freshly cultivated genetically engineered vegetables and meats, medical bioengineering for every aspect of life one can imagine, and then there was my parents, the purist philosophical version of conservatism, pragmatic and cold, which molded my philosophy away from the mainstream, teaching me lessons not seen by any others, I rebelled to be my own voice, to break their mold, *I would not be the son they wanted me to be,* I would decide my own destiny. I saw the flashes of the Dralracii dying in the streets as the Hunters blitzed my location, with one goal: annihilate all life in the area. Though terrible effective at their task, they were brutally low tech about their mission, as a consequence of protocol to leave no traces of technology or their presence as members of a Type II civilization. The last thing I saw as my pod left the planet was the beam of light from the orbital ship turning everything in the city to salt, a death ray devised to eradicate anything that remained, evidence to be precise.

There was one image I could not get out of my head, a woman covering her child, being beaten down by a Hunter using a barh-et, the tradition weapon used by a Hunter, a long massive wooden bat, gilded with metal runners of steal, much like a mace and a sword combined. He beat the woman to death in several blows to the back, leaving her and her child in the street where they fell, running to the next victim, the hoard of them moving through the street like rabid dogs. 

*All my fault.* This was the only thought to all of it I could muster, *All my fault*...

My eyes scanned around, feeling dizzy from the heat, I had to choose... everything went black, and I felt myself falling to the ground. All went black.

I awoke with a dry mouth, slowly opening my eyes to a night sky, I saw stars, up in the heavens, this planet was beautiful. Turning my head slowly, I saw a man in a turban, with a long grey beard, his robes were loose and red, he bore a staff, gilded with silver. He spoke in a language to the others, I could not understand. Two others came forth, they peered down on me, curious, their eyes telling me they wanted to know my story, but had nothing to explain my capsule. I sat up, and saw they had pitched a tent, thrown a rug underneath me, and made a small camp around my capsule. I knew what they wanted. So I began to teach them, teach them my story. I pointed up, then slowly drew a line to the ground. They looked on, then at each other, then back to me. I never blinked. They moved their heads to the sky, they looked back at me, then the capsule... they slowly did some math. They looked at one another for support to their own conclusion. I placed my hand on my chest, and then with the other hand pointed at the sky once again, slowly drawing a line to the ground, then opening my hand palm down, then slowly turning it over and opening it up to face them. "I am one of you now." I said. 

And so began my journey on Earth.

Edited for spelling: damn find/replace!