As I lay there, I could feel my life seeping out and pooling in a crimson puddle. Our teacher had told us this could happen one day if we weren't careful but I had only seen it happen to the animals that my brother had raised. We were two of the very few people on this world because we were from another world. At least that's what our teacher had told us.

I could see our teacher's broken body hanging from the tree where he taught us in the cool shade of it's branches. His head was smashed in with rocks and his sinuous exoskeleton was affixed in a mockery of his favorite teaching position. Seeing our teacher's cold metallic body while feeling the pool of my hot blood against my skin made me think about how different my brother and I were, even though we were made of the same stuff. 

My brother was like the handful of other people that we shared our world with. They never liked to hear about where we were from or the marvels that our parents had lived with. I think it was because our world was a poor substitute for theirs. They would rather go play war games in the rocky landscape than hear about the lush world of our parents' where nobody ever went hungry. They would rather try to squeeze the last drops of milk out of the cattle they raised than hear about how our parents flew through the skies on wings made of steel. They never paid any attention during our lessons on how our universe was created in a giant explosion of light and matter. They didn't care to hear about how our planets formed when gravity brought that matter together into the giant ball that we now live on. Or how life originated from the seas and came crawling out onto the plains on this planet and every other planet.

I had always paid attention and knew all the lessons by heart. Maybe that's what the others grew to hate about me. I knew that if we were to recreate the paradise of our parents' world, we would need to plant the seeds that were sent with us and carefully save some of our harvests to plant the next season. When a critical mass was reached, the plants would take care of reproduction on their own. It was backbreaking work but I continued on while the others dug trenches to hide in while trying to pelt each other with stones. Of course, when it rained, those trenches turned into rivulets that eroded away some of the fields I had tilled and carried away the seed I had carefully planted. 

Like those rivulets, my blood slowly carried away my life. Unlike those seeds that had been carried downstream and found purchase in far away soil, my life would not enrich this planet because I knew the knowledge I had learned so diligently from our teacher had nowhere to find purchase. I shed a tear thinking about all that knowledge lost and what this world could have been. But I knew it was just a dream. I was too different from the others. They had never accepted me or our mission. So I didn't really blame my brother for doing their bidding and killing me. I still loved him. I just wish Cain got to see New Eden.