The worst thing about Danni's fate was not being hurled up in the same room night after night. It's wasn't the constant screaming that, for unknown reasons, would haunt her ears as they were followed by the rapping of boots and the shattering of glass. It wasn't the banging of the doors or the men yelling "shut the fuck up!", either. Neither was it the fact that none of her so-called "friends" who would've otherwise been there to help her out were nowhere to be found. No, they forgot her, so it's her turn to forget them. No, these were not the reasons for her pain. It's wasn't the fury of noise or the weight of the darkness that surrounded her every moment.

It was not knowing.

Not knowing what would happen next. Not knowing if the lone window placed high above her chamber would display a toothy-grinned man with a thirst for blood. Not knowing if or when the doors before her would unlock one bolt after the other as a parade of broad-shouldered guards came for her. Not knowing what the screaming or the glass shattering or the "shut up" was even about. Where she was, how she was, who she was... and whether she could ask those same questions the next night.

The days and nights blurred, her only understanding coming from the single window that edged the ceiling. But she knew the feeling of exhaustion as it crept in. Despite hardly ever moving, save for pacing in circles and punching the walls, her overwrought nervous system could not stay on high alert forever. Eventually, opposing all those "what ifs", she would lay her head down and drift away into the only source of comfort and peace should could remember since the day she was locked away from the world.

"Danni."

It wasn't a sound, more like... a thought? A signal? Despite the silence of the room, she bolted up, snapping away from her incoherent reverie. Someone was here. She couldn't see them or hear them, but the feeling of mere presence was palpable. 

"Who's there?" she whispered. "Am I being watched?"

Danni's shoulders tensed as her eyes darted back and forth across the dark and empty space, awaiting any perceivable movement. An uneasy pause rippled before the response.

"Yes."

There it was! The thought, again. Purely a thought, but not hers. She clenched her own arms, creating a barrier between her chest and the crisp air that wafted around her.

"W-what do you want?"

This is it, right? The dawn of her imminent descent into madness. After all this time of reciting lessons from school long ago to aid in her judgment, the very feeling of paranoia outweighed any attempt at recalling them. 

"I'm not going to hurt you."

Her knees folded into her chest. "Just tell me what you want! To kill me?! Is this a game to you?! Where am I? How long have I been here? What do you plan to do with m--"

"Hush." A slight pinch of pain on the right side of her temple split her away from her flurry of questions. "I am not with them. I am my own being."

Rubbing her forehead, she could only manage a huff. "Could you be more specific?"

Suddenly, her eyes detected a flash of light and motion before her. Sparks of light within pitch darkness? This must be a product of her own mind. Nevertheless, she looked on in dread as the bright noise aggregated itself into a humanoid figure. Her gaze turned upwards as the impression of a tall, dark haired man stood before her. Behind him were a pair of slate colored wings and a dim aura undulating around his form. His eyes felt sharp as he stared at the diminutive girl below.

"I am a seer of Fate," he said calmly, his hand brushing over his belt which held a small, burdened scabbard. "I send people away at the end of their lives. Please do not be afraid. I will not kill you."

Her eyebrows furrowed. "Then why are you here? For your own amusement?" She began to rock back and forth. "To study me? What do you want?!"

He knelt down to meet her at face level. "It was decided on your behalf that you would be here at this time." He bit his lip. He couldn't explain everything, especially to a thirteen year old mortal girl, but dammit if he wasn't going to try. "You have been placed here by a group of people who insist they are doing this to help you."

"Help me," she hissed. "How is this helping?!"

"That's just it," he said, breaking eye contact. "These people... I would say are even more lost than you. They don't understand people like you. You are more like me than you are them. Your intelligence, your intuition, your deep emotions. Your... abilities." He quickly resumed his explanation before she could ask about these abilities. "On the outside, they see the turbulent waves of a troubled but dynamic human they cannot begin to confront with self honesty. And it scares them. Do not waste your anger on them. They do not know you the way I know you."

Danni glared. "And just how do you know me so well?"

"I've watched those like you for your whole life. You know that soft voice that reminds you of safety, of comfort in times like this? The stories that voice would tell with sincerity, fairy tales of loving homes and adventures full of freedom?" He waited for her to nod, even if it were slight. "That was me. I knew the pains of this world would break you down as they've had, until you forget who you really are. I'm here to bring you back."

"Back where?!"

"Where souls like you truly belong." His gaze pointed towards the window. "Out there. Finding yourself again. Tasting happiness again." A being of eternal equanimity, he was nonetheless holding back a fire slowly burning within him. "Sharing your gifts with the world. And, more importantly, exposing these lies for what they are."

Danni tried to hold back her sob. "Then why have you been sitting back and watching me instead of helping me?"

"I am not a standalone being. There are others like me, and many others more who watch over me personally. I'm not supposed to talk to you like this." He brushed a tear from her face. "My job is to be a source of comfort for the dead and the dying, including those who have suffered a death from the world of men. But not to solve your problems with this kind of direction. It's Fate; the Universe is a delicate creation borne of free will, which we are not to disturb with the emotional choices a human would make, but I cannot bide with this disturbance any longer. I know what the punishment is, and it no longer sways me."

He stood, his dark-hooded figure towering over her once again. "I cannot nor will not tell you what to do outside these four walls. This will be the last time you ever see me until the day of your death. But I will not let them subject you with what they have planned."

Danni's hands curled into fists, her nails digging into her palms. "What do they plan to do with me? Will I die?"

He shook his head. "Worse. Injections. Implants." His chuckle felt heavy and somber. "They think they can fix you. They think they NEED to fix you. But you deserve better." He extended his pale, bony hand before her. "That window will be your only way out. I can fly you up there." He softened his icy gaze. "But only if you trust me."

Time felt still in that solid moment, a lifetime of a grave decision forming the space between his hand and her will. Danni felt uncertain of even debating within herself, for he was in tune to her every flick of impulse and rationality. Her spirit was naked before him, and the awareness of this made her shiver. Beyond the sun and moon, the outside of these four walls remained an ominous mystery. But given her memories of the screaming and shouting, and the idea of sleeping for one more night in that chamber becoming more agonizing with every second that passed, she had to sever herself from the chain of this insecure complacency. This could be her only shot, and he was eager to lay his own self down for it.

She reached out her hand to touch his. With his free arm, he wrapped it around her waifish body as his wings spread for a delicate lift off. He carried her towards the window, unlocking it with his pure force of will, before sending her through it. As she slipped through, he slipped over her and past the wall with transparency. Upon standing up, she held out her arms as he embraced her and flew her past the trees, stars, and the looming shadow of the institution that withheld her from the world she loved.

(continued in the replies)