"Oh shit, not you. I've had enough of your self-hating bullshit," you say as you see yourself sitting across the table.

"I know, right?" he replies, "You'd figure the one reprieve you'd get from your own misery was up here, but guess what, God throws you yet another curveball."

"What a cocksucker," you mumble under your breath, before realizing where you are. "I DIDN'T MEAN THAT!"

"Yes you did. You can't lie to me. Sit down, we got some shit to settle."

You pull up a chair across from yourself, soaking in the surreal image, realizing it's not a mirror image and you look a bit differently than you thought. 

He folds his hands and leans in. "Look, I know this is fucking weird. Let's get this over with so we can move on, right?

"Agreed," you reply. 

"First off, I have a bit of a different perspective from up here, and I've gotta let you know that the deck has been stacked against you from the beginning. Childhood fucking sucked. Our folks did the best they could but shit, meds were probably in order for both of them."

"You got that right," you chime in. 

"So let's look at this with some perspective. You had shit thrown at you in every stage of life. One thing after another. You were tempted with booze, drugs, and debauchery, but came to your senses pretty quick."

"Yeah, that didn't seem right."

"So you made the correct choice to withdraw and clear your head. You cut loose the anchors holding you back, and you moved forward. I know you've always meant well, stayed polite, and did the best you could in almost every situation."

"I did my best."

"Yeah. That's why you're here. Out of all of the adversity you faced, you never once used others to advance your own interests, you looked out for those less fortunate, and always tried to make the world a better place."

"I like to think that I did."

"You did. So stop being a sad sack, you miserable piece of shit."

"Heh. Fine. So, what's next?"

"You're in heaven, motherfucker, what do you think?"

"I get to eat ice cream again?"

"Right this way."