Hyuiop, the council leader, sits before a round table of twenty of his species.

"Let this go on record, the forty first juvillionth meeting of galactic advancement and extinction. Let's start with Kirihi, Dertyuiop, the Gogeryus, pass or failed?"

"Passed sir, they regrouped and conquered the collapsing planet and escaped to their moon."

"Fantastic, make contact with them immediately. Now let's see..." He continues writing notes on his clipboard. "Seryshae, 'Humans', pass or failed?"

"Uhhh, failed?"

"Did you just ask me a question?"

"Well, uh, we put the zeruyls in the main aqueducts, and it worked."

"So they can't resist mind altering effects, and they killed each other because of it. Zyysd, how is the status of-"

"Sir, it wasn't that simple. All the members of the council turned on their leader, Julius, and stabbed him like we expected. Everyone. But uhhh- they got a new emperor."

"What do you mean? You said... uhhh-"
*he flips through some pages*
"This... Rome... was the leading power!"

"And it is! Or... it was. News didn't spread as quickly as I- er- we thought. Planetary panic never occurred because they hadn't developed worldwide communication at the time. They just lived on their lives. They treat Julius like a God. Or they did."

"No planetary communication? How the hell did they get grouped in with the advanced species?"

"Well, they do now, for what it's worth."

"And so you killed the next world leader?"

"Well there wasn't one, sir. They just kind of argue, and assassinate their own leaders on their own. By the time we develop a plan they've already killed whoever we were targeting."

"What the hell?"

"I know, so we started making diseases, thousands of them-"

"And finally the species as been wiped out. Zzysd! What was the end result of our test with-"

"Sir they didn't care about the diseases. We couldn't even keep up with them killing each other. Last sol month they massacred an entire religion of their own people, Friday they declared a war to end the world, and then two sol weeks later they declared the second world war."

"In which....... Russia? The power? They lost. I remember signing off on something related to them that wiped their territories of resources, materials, and military equipment. I hadn't put it together with being related the Earth, but I do remember entering a request to wipe the entire of world of such equipment."

"Right, we wiped Russia of all of its military equipmant, right in the heat of the war." "

"You should have started with that. As I was saying-"

It didn't work."

"I'm sorry?"

"Stalin, their leader, just sent all his constituents, weaponless, freezing,  and shoeless, into combat where they died. They didn't even need weapons. They just ran at the enemy and died."

"I thought they had no leader!"

"They don't! He is one of 36,221 world leaders."

"What the hell!?"

"And the people didn't have much of an issue with it, they just wanted to die for their country."

"Their what?"

"I'm not sure."

"I'm through listening to this, what happened to the last dominant species on Earth?"

"Meteor, sir."

"Yes, drop another one of those on them."

"We.... already did. It's being referred to as New Russia. It's the world's largest tourist attraction."

"Fuck me."