It was a beautiful summer afternoon. Birds were chirping kids were playing in the streets, there wasn't a cloud in sight. 

There was one thing which rather spoiled this picturesque day. A massive spherical shape blocked out the sun for most of the central United States. Scientists didn't know what to make of it, the military wanted to nuke it, and several of the world's major religions decided that it was a sign from God. Most agreed that this was a sign of the apocalypse.

For the first time in history, they were absolutely right. 

"People of Earth, may we have your attention please.", a droning voice said, "This is Bellagor, Prime Prefect of this Sector. I am here to inform you that you are all in violation of several intergalactic treaties regarding population growth." His voice was being broadcast through every working system with a speaker, this did nothing but exacerbate his terribly grating voice. 

"I am here in order to deliver two options. First, we can set limits on reproduction, only allowing one half of breeding pairs to have children this generation....", an uproar broke out from just about everywhere on Earth. The Prefect barely needed a recording device to hear their response. Even from low orbit. 

The Prefect sounded agitated, "Okay, okay. We can take the second option. Please yourselves. Prepare to glass  the entire planet.", through the speakers, Earthicans everywhere could hear him walking away and muttering, "The ungrateful little sloggars, not my fault they breed like rodents." 

People everywhere decided that this was the time. This was the perfect opportunity. They would finally get those televisions and digital watches they had always very much wanted, but could never afford. Some of them even had the chance to turn them on before the glassing began. They spent their final half hour on Earth watching that last episode of Stranger Things on Netflix, or if they weren't lucky, driving home so they could make use of their new flatscreen.

*****************
/r/SirLemoncakes

