Jackson pressed his hand to the holster of his state-issued IID-blaster. It was only a simulation, everything in the P.O.N.D was, but the feel of that simulated cold steel comforted him none-the-less. 

He had been tracking down a suspected fraudster for days. She went by the handle 'Eve', and she had been gunning down whales and greens left & right in Sandstorm's new game 'King Billion'. That alone wasn't enough to condemn her, but then she caught national attention when she took down $nake. The cyber-gamer extraordinaire. He was the single biggest spender in Sandstorm's games, and everyone knew he was always kitted out with the best gear in the shop. No one fucked with $nake. So when Eve took him down, the Sandstorm forums were filled with rage. And so the state investigated her account, and found out she hadn't spent a single penny in King Billion. That was when Jackson was called in to find her in P.O.N.D. 

According to Eve's dossier, she'd only started gaming with the advent of Artificial Entertainment's new game 'Dodge-roll', a game that had bucked the norm and removed purchase-able game advantage. The players didn't like that at all. AE's community managers had said it was an attempt to appeal to a new type of gamer, but everyone knew they were just trying to bring their player number up. Games used to be about short bursts of fun, but AE were trying to stretch out their content for the sake of concurrency numbers. Rwetter was ablaze with hate for the company, and since then they had been getting waves of backlash. It made things worse that they kept sidestepping the issue and promising an in-game shop. But they never delivered on anything substantial, and Rwetter was always sure to point that particular inconsistency out.

The hate was well-deserved, as far as Jackson was aware. No one had the time to try and master something like Dodge-roll. There were too many mechanics, too many intricacies in the game to learn with punishing and dangerous monsters. But opinions like that weren't his place to voice or his concern. He was here to find Eve. 

Her spawnpoint was somewhere in the Shareware Slums, a P.O.N.D district that shared more in common with a cesspoll than a zone. Creators here would spew out bugged software and free services in a futile attempt to be noticed. But everyone knew that if you were working with Shareware, then your code was hacky and dangerous. 

"Hey there, handsome. Want a nice cape to go with that armor? Come into my shop, everything's free of charge." 

Jackson immediately pointed his blaster at the woman and let loose a couple of shots. Two bullets phased into existence at the end of his blaster and slammed into her chest with a thud. No blood spurted from her chest, she didn't even flinch. Her avatar just froze. That's what the Input Impairment Device (or IID) did. It just stopped her avatar dead in it's tracks. Then, with his state-sanctioned input console he could move her, take any dangerous or obscene items from her, or even log her out for a temporary ban. He contemplated checking her inventory, but figured it wasn't worth it. He wasn't here to arrest the entire Shareware district.