The blinding light from the sun stung my eyes as I got up, squinting to look around and see where I was. My clothes were covered in dust, my back ached and one arm had fallen asleep. How long was I out for? Dusting myself off I reached into my pocket for my phone, and was surprised to find it was gone. There was something though, pulling it out I recognized it to be money. Mexico? There was also a small note attached with it that said, "this is your final exam#" (the # means it was in Spanish, too lazy to translate)

"What in the..." was this some sick joke? Although, I do remember some things now. The last thing I could recall was getting into the bus with my classmates. The teacher told us we were going on a trip, I didn't expect this though. I turned over the note and found two numbers. "29.364233,-107.058772" underneath that it said "there will be more". More what? The money I had? What was it for? 

The numbers seemed like coordinates, I didn't understand. Was this where I was? Or where I had to go? And how was I supposed to figure out where that was anyway? 

All around I could see nothing but sand, cacti, and the occasional lizards running about. As I took a step I noticed a white box nearby, a cooler. Inside I found 4 bottles of water, and a sandwich. There was no ice, so everything was a little warm. 

I guess I didn't realize how thirsty I was until now, I finished three of the bottles. Obviously, that was a mistake. But now that my thirst was quenched I could go about figuring out the situation. I stuffed the sandwich, which literally had nothing on it but some lettuce, a tomato slice, and mayonnaise, into my back pocket. Carrying the last bottle in my hand I began to walk. The sun was slightly to the right and not exactly directly above. Based on my shadow I figured out my bearings and followed the road east. 

After some time I heard water flowing, there was a river! Running by it was what seemed like a highway. Upon reaching it, I found a sign. Route 27. There were no cars, or people in sight. What kind of a f***** up test was this? 

I started to follow the highway in the direction I thought was north, and after nearly what felt like an hour I heard a rackety sound, turning around I saw a truck heading my way. It was kind of dirty and run down. As it got closer I saw three men sitting inside. They slowed down when they saw me and pulled over off road. Two of them jumped down. I started to run over to them up until I saw them draw pistols, aiming right at me. 

"Wait!" I shouted coming to a halt and held my hands up, "I need help, I'm lost and need to find a way back home"

The driver jumped out of the truck now and approached. 

"Down on your knees!#" he shouted at me, I didn't understand. I was taking Spanish 1, and even then didn't really pay much attention to what was going on. I regretted that now. 

"Please, I just want to go home. I was going on a trip, in our favorite rocket ship..."

"Down on your knees!#" the man shouted again. One of the others fired a warning shot at the ground near me. I thought about running but where would I go? They could easily catch me. I fell to the ground scared out of my mind, instantly regretting my decision to drink up all that water. 

They approached slowly, laughing as they got closer. The one who I assumed by now was their leader kicked my hand lightly. "So, this is who we get today huh?#" 

They began to chat a little then the gunmen grabbed me by the arms and half dragged me back to the truck. The leader reached inside and pulled out what looked like a passport. He looked inside it then back at me. Then held it out for me to see. 

"That's... How did you get that? That's mine" I started to speak. 

Satisfied, they took me to the back of the truck, pulled off the tarp that covered what I could only assume were drugs. They had some items that looked like capsules, balloons, and a few other tools as well. I'd rather not say what happened next. 

They threw me in the truck and started to drive. All the while I kept trying to talk to them but couldn't tell if they understood English. Finally the driver, looking at me from the rear view mirror, spoke. 

"You go back, home yes?"

"You... You speak English? Yes, I want to go back home"

"Go, a man wait for you north, you go with him, his name Caldera"

He didn't talk much after that. It was getting dark out now, by then they dropped me outside, the driver gave a warning not to say anything to anyone otherwise they knew where I lived, threw my passport at me and drove off. Up ahead I could see a check post, the United States. I can't say how happy I was to see it. I ran as fast as I could towards it. The guards saw me and shouted for me to stop and state who I was. I guess running was a mistake. I wanted to tell them what had happened but I remembered the threat I had received. Thinking I didn't want to take any chances I made up a story about how I had gotten separated from my friends who went south on a trip. Some locals helped me get back. 

The guard looked me over, seeing the shape I was in, but after looking through my passport he nodded and let me through. They helped me get a van that could drive me to the nearest city. As I got in I saw there was only one other person there. 

We went in silence for quite some time, late into the night, before he spoke. 

"You got it yes?"

"I'm sorry?"

"You got it?"

No, no no no. I just want to get back. Maybe this is all a dream? None of this is happening. We took a pit stop at a motel. Again, I'd rather not say what happened next. The guy threw a small wad of cash my way and motioned for the driver of the van to get me out of there. I'm just glad they let me live after all of that. They gave me 200 dollars for all of that. But it wasn't like I could ask for more or complain either. 

I did manage to get back home safely. I passed the class with a B. I was too afraid to say anything to anyone regarding the matter. And now no matter what, I won't be going for Spanish 2. Maybe I'll try German instead. 

(sped through it, and left out a lot of details that I had in my head because it was getting too long :p anywho, first time writing one of these)