I tipped back the handle of bourbon, suckling the last trickling drops from the neck like a dry man in the desert. As I got the last of it into my mouth, I grimaced. It had been a long night again, it seemed. When I came home from the store, the bottle was full and I had only intended to drink a finger or two to take the edge off a day of beating concrete and hitting up galleries.

Even a successful artist has to bust their ass to pay rent. We can't all be Jackson Pollock, painting squares that sell for property deeds and gold plated yachts. My particular niche is pictures of the New York skyline. Cliche, I know, but people love it. Especially since I live in Kansas City, where New York is treated by the locals as having a sort of exoticism. But it's not all good, some still consider NYC a mix of angry anti-refugee ads and an oxycontin fever dream.

I've lived in Kansas City, Misery, for five years. Why? Because of the blackouts. When it started I was up and coming, five feet off Broadway living in a closet next to a restaurant that sold raw meat to rich people. I had my big break and then... nothing. One show that sold like hotcakes, which I also ate for the first time in the three years since the art academy. Even as I ate and money trickled away, in a two-closet apartment a little north of the old one, I couldn't paint. Sure, I could churn out the occasional starving artist's sale work, that's how I kept eating. Barely. But not the *good* stuff. It was the product of that miniscule drop of viscous juice I supped from my muse, that left me flying and covered in paint like a maniac.

Frustrated, I threw the glass handle, a relic from a whole different era of alcoholism, at the newest canvas. It shattered against the easel behind it, one made of old household pipes I bolted to the floor after a previous rage destroyed the last. How many had it been? Twenty? Thirty easels? I climbed to my feet and stalked across the glass, blood smearing behind my feet as I passed the long wall of recent attempts nailed up in a vicious, self-loathing chronology.

The first was returned to me, a skyline against matte black, spattered in fine droplets that took days to line up and get right. At street level there were tiny dots left to represent the coming and going of people. Even a perfected, flattened, artistic skyline must show its population in some way. With lights on or direct symbols. Something, else it's not a city. It's just a big collection of buildings! That was the last one that made sense to me!. 

"Fuck!" I screamed at the wall. "Why?!"

The next was months, but the next sooner, and sooner again. Like a countdown where each interval cut itself in half with a palette knife, scraping my soul out to mix it with the umber. Each interval left me waking from a blackout, a painting on front of me. Each bigger than the last, eat in higher detail and clarity. Each in a darker palette, with colors I didn't remember mixing or even buying. Like I was going crazy and the only reflection was on the linen I reserved for paying customers. Between the blackouts, I was fine. Life was normal. Empty, full of limp-wristed painting, but fine.

Each painting after the first on the wall was darker as I circled the room, each wall covered, trailing through my own blood numbly again and again. 

New York City with no people, cut in pristine, perfect lines.  
New York City with turned cars, stripped, broken, derelict.  
New York City at night, with no light, shadow or dynamic.  
New York City at high noon, on fire, sky of smoking ash.  
New York City in the evening, buildings leveled, broken.  
New York City in the morning, water eating the shores.  
New York City covered in vines, green on gray cracks.  
New York City covered in twigs, brown, starved.  
New York City swimming, an ocean of black oil.  
New York City rising from a tide of corpses.  
New York City sinking beneath waves.  
New York City no more, just ocean.  

The latest was at night.  

A black canvas bursting with stars.  

I fell to my knees and held my face in my hands, fingers matted with acrylic and tears. I was a thousand miles from home, and in my dreams, it no longer existed. How long until my dreams became the world?

