"How long has it been?"

*Two hours,* I want to tell him. But I can't. It only comes out as a low, gurgling moan. My throat is clogged up with inflammation and my lungs are full of disgusting fluid. It doesn't matter. Soon there won't be enough of me left to even consider it disgusting. God only knows what else of me is completely messed up right now. And speaking of which, if there is a God up there, he's one cruel bastard. I'd like to have a few words with him. I suppose I'll get the chance soon.

The medic is still kneeling in front of me. He can see the light in my eyes, I know it. I don't know how much of it is left, but I know he can see me. The real me. The human me.

The dying me.

I scratch at the bite mark on my right arm, maybe an inch deep. It stings and burns like hellfire. The area around the bite has turned a horrendous burnt green, a color that we all instinctively know flesh is never supposed to be. I wonder if he also sees the others in my eyes. Ricardo, Brenda, Abi, Beck. The whole fucking lot of em, mangled in seconds. We were overrun. We should have come back. We should have turned around from that goddamned warehouse, and maybe five good men and women would have been saved for good.

Now, there's just half a man. Half a man that can't be saved before he becomes none of a man.

I bang my bite mark on the ground, partly because of the painful sensation and partly out of uncontrollable rage. I bang it again, louder this time, for good measure.

*Why me?*

I suppose that's a little selfish. Maybe the question is *why now?*

"Two? Two hours?"

I look up at him, surprised, wondering if he read my mind. Then I realize he heard the bangs. *Good thinking, zombie self.*

I try to nod my head, but I can't. There's a sharp pain in my neck, and it runs down my spine. I pick my torso up a bit higher, and shake it up and down. My head flops with it, up and down.

I don't like his face. His expression. I don't like it. It tells me something I knew already. That it's too late. That their fucking vaccine won't fucking work on me.

He gets up. He's a tall one. I don't raise my head. "We can't do anything now. As sad as it is..."

*Fuck.*

"...We'll have to...put him down."

*God. Fucking. Dammit.*

*Why me?*

I scream at the sky. Or I think I scream. Instead I hear a gurgling moan. People flinch and jump. They know to fear that sound.

I came all the way back here. Crawling. Dying. In so much fucking pain. I thought I was saying my goodbyes. Instead I only get to hear them.

I think they say them. I don't hear them. The goodbyes.

So much fucking pain.

In my arm.

Pain.

Fuck.

Fading.

No.

Goodbyes

*Hurt*

.

^(.)

^(.)

*Why me?*