The whites of my eyes feel dry as I click through the Government mandated entertainment and informative channels. Its been nearly 16 years since the great clash, and new world order. many of us still don't quite know what really happened. Its as if half the globe fell from existence. There were months, years maybe, of shock, people demanding answers, hysteria and panic to go unanswered. 
At this point I dont much care for the politics of it all. I was only a kid when it all happened, and it seems to me the world before this would have been confusing and ugly. i put this thought from my mind as i continue surfing, each channel seeming to be a re-written version of the same message. A father working to make his family the best suitors for a government promotion, a news report of the Gandersons getting a housing upgrade for their honesty in turning in a defector. For a time touted as the most peaceful and free, it sure felt we had many rules supposedly to keep us "safe".  No one I had ever met had even left the state of Texas, since the clash at least.

I am instantly torn from my thoughts as the entertainment portal begins to screech. I jump to change the channel. same piercing sound, channel after channel.  The sound breaks as I cease my frantic scrolling. In an automated voice i hear the message.  
       "This is an Emergency Alert. Barricade all entries to your dwelling. Do not go outside after sundown. Restrict contact with others. Do not enter tunnels during daytime. Do not make any light or noise between 6PM and 8AM. Stay inside your homes until dawn. Military aid is unavailable. Good luck."
"Good luck?" 
Since the clash we had night time curfews (though heavily disliked by many) That were understood as a way to keep all of our populace, but this was different. Military lined every street, every window we would peer from you could spot at least one man in uniform. i jumped from my chair to see outdoors. the sun was beginning to set but things were different. these usually unhurried men were scrambling in all directions, grabbing boxes and personal effects, and setting the protection bars down in front of each house. i had never seen them actually used before today. all the homes on my street began to look like they had barn doors, with the large boards blocking entry.

A flash in the sky. It looked as though someone had ignited a trash fire, but without smoke. A large one. the sheer brightness was astounding considering the perceived distance of the light. I felt a gentle rumble beneath my feet, and had the sensation of movement, although i remained still. My sustenance containers rattled in my cabinets and  as suddenly as it began it all stopped. By this time all uniformed personnel were tail lights, loaded into military carriers and being shuttled away. 

I was overcome with a sense of glee, a feeling like when my birth givers would leave the room and I could do anything I wished, followed with a deep, frigid feeling of dread as I saw a few of the neighbors doors rattle, seemingly testing the barricades might. 
Why had they left us?  

Further down my street I saw a crack had formed. surely due to the rumble I felt earlier. These were a pretty common occurrence since the Clash. Usually the uniform men would fill them with trash or dirt and pave them back over immediately, but they were gone. I saw movement next door. my neighbor had gotten out of an unsecured window. He rushed to my window he opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. His eyes only shifted to the left, toward the street, and grew. I tapped on the window to recapture his attention. I couldn't make out quite what he was looking at, but I could tell he was frightened. 
With a crash he slammed himself against my window, like a frightened minnow trying to escape the water he threw himself against it. I was able to capture his attention long enough to gesture to my other window which was not reinforced. i walked over to the window that i could open still and looked out. He was gone. No sight, no Trail, just vanished. What had he seen? Is he okay?