"We're heading down" I shouted to my friend. "No, don't" a voice followed. Strangers have been spotted lurking near the mines, swiftly followed by abductions. To go down there would be crazy, but a necessity - my only hope to save my dear. "Love will conquer all" I muttered beneath my breath, reciting the promise we had made to eachother.

You stop thinking, your breath starts shaking, as if stuck between a breath. "Know that I would travel to the ends of the earth for you". The words from her mouth keeps echoing in my head, ruling all my emotions at once. Rules that should never be broken, but alas must be put aside for now. And without a further thought, I glimpse out of my thousand-yard-stare into the pitch black. "So it begins" I say to my traveling companion. "Do it", he says.

I could hardly remember the fall. A grown man plummeting through the voids of darkness. Full speed. Commitment to my beloved is the only thing driving me. Is my beloved gone, or will I find her? What will I find, and even worse, what did I land on? I'm starting to panick, fumbling my hands to find a wall. Thinking was always my forté, but when faced with the sounds of lowpitched tremors in total darkness, the mind goes blank. Of that I am sure, as I have felt my thoughts vanish as a single drop of water on a blazing campfire. 

You could almost feel the earths rotation. Wouldn't want to be stuck down here, as I am sure my brain would fail long before my body. "Get the torchlight out" a voice calls from above. This was the moment of clarity, when I briefly remembered that I had carried a flashlight the whole time, but where was it? From left to right, my hands scoured the ground. Any other texture but the one my hands rested upon would have been a blessing, but this was pure horror to behold. Other men would have fainted at the touch and smell of such putrid stench, but I am not like other men. Guy McBelgrat is my name.

"I need to find that torchlight, hold on" my voice carried, not further than a meter in each direction before fading into the nothingness, except from an echo above. "Just hold on, I'll thrown down a flare" he shouts down at me. "Wanna hurry it up?" I shout back. "Tell you what, mate, if you are going to be cheeky about this whole thing, I might aswell leave!" my "faithful" companion shouts back in a tantrum, similar to that of an unsatisfied, stubborn child. "You what?!" I scream. How in the bloody countryside would you deem this moment fitting for an argu-". I'm shut up by the sudden change of pressure in the air. Feeling almost a bit tingly. Gotta find that torchlight and see where I am. Make my way to my the woman who holds my heart. You should be glad you didn't see what I saw the moment my torchlight cast the many shadows aside and shone upon the monstrosity.  Understand this, that I would gladly die to become it.

Never thought I would end up here. Gonna have to outrun him. "Give up" a shaded but harsh voice speaks in my brain, a voice that is unfamiliar. "You will die for this" I scream. "Up" my legs and hands tell me, and I start the climb. "Never has anyone left this place, and you are not the first, mortal" the voice scrapes my eardrums, though no vibration of sound is emitted. Gonna to have to light one of those flares in my backpack. "Let the darkness consume you" the earth speaks to me. You would not believe the things I saw even if I told you. Down I fall, into the void, one with the monstrosity that is my family and heir, my glory and prosperity.

Now read only the first word of every sentence / word after a period ( . )

*EDIT: Bonus points if you can identify which author (literature) I was inspired by when writing this.*