The air in the chamber was stifling, despite the fact that, just as every other year, the gathering took place deep into the winter cycle of Eridanus-7.  Every member of the council stared down at Mary, the expressions on their faces ranging from confusion to rage, and many others between.  

‘What do you have to report?’, echoed the inquiry from her left.

‘Well, sir’, she muttered ‘I…we...’

‘Speak up dear, if you would’, squeaked the bespectacled Rath’mar called Pinfry. ‘I have become rather hard of hearing in my old age and what you have brought to us today is of the utmost importance.’

*As if you have ever been anything but inept*, Mary thought to herself.  She fought to bite her tongue, knowing that this was not the place to let her temper get the best of her.  There would be ample time for that later.

‘Madame Pinfry.  Councilors.  I stand before you today as a representative of the human race.  We are a proud people, and at times our flaws are all too apparent.  However, this is not one of those days.’

‘What have you done, Mary?  Of course, there have been murmurs that have reached us, but I for one simply cannot believe that they hold truth any more than a sieve can hold water”, imposed the unctuous Cardinal known only as 37.  Mary knew how he had gotten the name; she knew that it was less of a moniker than it was a tally.

Mary glanced around the chamber.  She took note of the many high-backed seats that encircled her and the way the rays raining from the glass ceiling exposed every crack and blemish from years gone by.  She also was reminded that, nearly all of them remained vacant.  Normally, more respect would be afforded to a priest of the Inter-Galactic Holy Church, but, given the circumstances, she could hardly feign surprise.

Growing tired of skirting congeniality, she continued. 

‘The rumors that you have heard are indeed true.  Yes, we have done the unthinkable.  Or rather’, she smirked ‘My people have taken the only path that we could perceive, simple-minded as we are.’

‘Do you think this a game, little one?’, snapped 37.

‘No, sir’, she shot back. 

‘Then I advise you, think before you speak’, said 37 as he settled back into his chair, folding his spindly fingers into his lap.

The other leaders of the Inter-Galactic Holy Church kept their gazes fixed on her and she suddenly felt the hatred return.  Seeping into her bones like venom, rising hot and rank towards her throat.  She seized upon the power that welled up inside of her.

‘We killed your messenger, paltry as he was.  And not only did we crucify him, but we tortured him first.  Whips and thorns and spears, he endured them all.  And the most sickening part of it all’, she choked ‘was that he didn’t even fight back!’

The words shook the room as they spilled from her mouth.  The shock of the council was palpable, billowing and swirling as a leviathan rising from the depths.  The bishop of Craxos, a giant of a creature, with sores on his hands that perpetually wept a milky fluid, leaned to the member on his left and began whispering something in one of his many ears.  Pinfry had toppled backwards from her chair and was clearly struggling to regain a semblance of propriety.  37 and the remaining two councilmembers, twin Bhekerin from the Aarsiet galaxy, simply stared, stonefaced.

Mary wiped a thin film of spittle from her lips and set her feet in a wide stance, awaiting the inevitable fury that was to be her reward for speaking as she did.  She realized, for the first time in her life, she was not afraid of judgement.  This council, this religion, had already taken her body from her.  Taken her freedom.  Taken her son.  She was stripped bare, and so, had nothing to fear.

‘You, demon, have made the gravest of mistakes!  Accordingly, your species will be wiped from existence!  There will be none that remember your name or all the damage you have wrought against his Holiness.  It is said that only God can judge you, but let me assure you, as his appointed, I will be the mighty right hand!” roared Craxos.

‘You small-minded fools!’, Mary snarled back.  ‘It is you who will wither away, to be eaten by moths, your possessions consumed by rust.  You claim to be his divine handlers, but my species and I know you are nothing but a façade!  Do you want to know why we brutalized and murdered my son?!’ 

Mary scanned the panel once more and viciously locked eyes with 37.

‘Because he begged me to!’, she screamed, the admission tearing at her heart like a wolf at its prey.

‘Lies’, hissed 37, as he leapt to his feet.

‘I know that you enslaved him, as you did so many others.  I know that each species is gifted a messiah by this very council, to keep everyone living in fear, cowering from the promise of damnation with one wrong step.  My son pleaded with me to put an end to his existence and he made sure that everyone would hear of the inhumanity of his life with an equally inhumane death!  And now, look, here we are, broadcasting across the galaxy for all to see the insidious nature of their “chosen few.”’

She saw that 37, as well as the rest of the council members, had grown deathly pale.

‘They will never believe you’, the twin Bhekerin spat in unison.

‘Oh no?’, Mary needled.

She spun on her heels and strode for the towering double doors at the entrance to the chamber.  As she crossed the precipice, she placed her fingers into her mouth and gave a shrill whistle.  Suddenly, the doors to the chamber burst open and hundreds of the enslaved prophets, from all corners of the known galaxy, streamed in.

Mary twisted around one last time, calling out to the one named M’hamed, who paused, and implored ‘Make his death worth it.”

M’hamed silently nodded his head, and rejoined the others.

She felt the sting of tears as they crept lazy and hot down her cheeks, and she ran from the unholy site.
