*Take over the world, they said.*

*It will be a great deployment, they said.*

*Free rations and the easy life, they said.*

*THEY don’t know shit.*

I put the mop in the bucket again and glance down the hangar. Only five hundred feet to go. 

When our High Council proposed invading Earth and undermining it from within – a truly Reptilian plan – I was completely on board and the first to volunteer. Unfortunately, where our planning was impeccable, our execution was catastrophic. Vraak was chosen at random to be our leader and the idiot has never been high on the IQ charts. When we landed, he chose the nearest habitable settlement to begin our infiltration.

The guy didn’t even do some basic research.

Before we know it, we’re stuck somewhere cold, which chills our blood and just makes us lethargic and moody all the time. Totally NOT motivating for taking over the world activities. We also chose a random corner of the world rather than somewhere central and powerful. 

But the biggest flaw is definitely the fact that to take over the world from the inside, you need to first get INSIDE…

Unfortunately, we’re a bit of a backward species and don’t play well with others. We never learned teamwork and cooperation, so domineering and control is built into our DNA.

So, we shut ourselves off and decided to build a “take over the world” machine. Brilliant…

It’s an ok existence, I guess. The food is crap and the hours are lousy, and every once in a while we have to do a purge to prevent overcrowding, but it could be worse. Every few years our Leader has to shed one human body and take on another which an underling keeps warm for him. I could be THAT guy, whose time is up as soon as the Leader needs a new body.

Instead, I mop. Some days, like this one, I just give up and go for a stroll.

I walked out of the cold bunker to the crack of another cold dawn. The Dear Leader’s statue stared down at me. I spit on it as I passed.

Of all the nations we try to take over the world from, that genius chooses North Korea.