"Grinthart"

"That's the name you kept mumbling in your sleep." said a young woman sitting across me. Her red hair flared when the sun shone through the window. It was a cool spring morning, and I was lying with bandages impeding my movement. My body was hurt from burns and wounds, which I didn't remember where I got it from. My head was pounding. In the background was a soft sound coming from a screen suspended on the wall opposite my bed, broadcasting news.The hot tea she offered calmed me.

"Made from lilac petals. It's my family's secret recipe."

"How long have I been asleep?"

"Two straight months."

"Where am I again?"

"Florendia. Second largest city and the capital of the Macken Dominion."

All these names and places did not make any sense. I felt really drained and confused. I was just too tired to fall asleep again though there was nothing much I could do in this condition. I struggled to get up but she stopped me. 

"Just rest for now. You can't do anything much, not with your magline circuit damages and injuries. Besides, the wounds I fixed might open up again."

I gave up immediately. Through the open window I can see the outline of the city, towering with suspended buildings and people flying in vehicles I don't recall seeing before. The room I was in had high ceiling but otherwise very small and austerely decorated. 

I tried to watch the news but I could not read what was written, though I could perfectly understand what the anchor was saying. I just woke up from a long coma and I found out I was illiterate. Great.

"I am going to leave you to rest for a while. I'll come back again at lunch."

"Wait. I know this might be rude, since you've taken care of me and everything, but do I know you? I don't seem to be in a hospital and you talk to me like we're not strangers.And, who is Grinthart?"

She stopped and looked at me. Her shiny red hair appeared very beautiful in the morning light. For the first time, I saw the full length of her  hair, extending to the waist. She was slim and short, but nevertheless still exuded confidence despite her small figure.

"I'm sorry but... I might have amnesia." I added, before she replied.

"That is also what I wanted to know. I don't know you too. But you ended up injured in front of my house, and a healer can't really refuse a patient, especially when he asked specifically for me."

I frowned at her cryptic way of speaking, before she smiled, " I'm Lila Grinthart, ex-member of the Royal Mage Force. Nice to meet you."
