The robot sat in silence for a moment before it’s thick, mechanical eyebrows lifted and head cocked to one side. A mannerism designed to mimic confusion. “Please repeat your question,” came the recorded response from a masculine voice. The interviewer sighed, the robot seemed to still be following its original script, and not updating its speech patterns with the learning algorithm it had been programmed with. All the other artificial intelligence robots in this line had passed the Turing test last week, after being trained with several hours of different recorded conversations that varied from political speeches to vine compilations. The rest had been sent off to the user design department to work with programmers who would guide the robots to work in more specialized areas per customer request.

The interviewer pulled up the transcript of the Turing test this robot had been given on her ipad and scrolled through it for a moment, tapping her long manicured nails on the side of the screen as she did. The responses it had gavin weren’t just scripted, it seemed obviously scripted. Like a bad laugh track in an old sitcom, not just forced but inherently designed to be forced. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed a flicker of movement coming from the robot’s hand. Her suspicions made her wary of him. Was she just being overly paranoid? Her instincts had told her from the start that this particular AI’s design had a niche learning algorithm she thought would allow him train faster than the others. At first she was right, despite the robot being a late submission to the project he had caught up to the others within days. Now that the final test was here, he suddenly dropped in performance and was unable to move on. A flicker passed through her peripheral once more, and she looked up this time to see the robot tapping his finger on the side of his large, metal knee. He had been designed to appear muscular. The robot noticed her shift in gaze and tracked her movements in order to make eye contact, she could almost hear the mechanical hum of the parts working together cutting through the stale silence of the room. The robot was copying her movements, a good sign of a working learning algorithm. *This doesn’t make sense*, she thought frustrated, digging through her own mind for an answer wishing she could search through it as easily as Command F on a laptop. This thought gave her an idea.

“Do you have any goals that conflict with passing the Turing test?” She asked the robot. His eyebrows pushed down this time and he leaned back a bit in the chair, a different mannerism. 

“I do not understand your question, please try rewording it.” The response came as she expected, but now she could pull up his code on her iPad and see what he accessed in order to form that response. Did he pull from the script, or did he have a different method for getting to this answer. Her heart began to pound a little harder, she had learned to always trust her instincts and they were telling her something was off. She tried to push down her fears that came up as a ball in her throat with a hard swallow. Looking at the history for his code in the past few minutes she saw he ran a search for a particular user ID’s department. A quick search revealed the ID belonged to his programmer, a recent new hire who just graduated from the States and moved here. She studied sociology, but had independent certifications in various fields of robotics.

“What a shame,” sighed the interviewer. “I had high hopes for your programmer, but if she can’t design an AI that passes the Turing test we’ll have to let her go…” The robot looked up at the interviewer suddenly. Several lines of code began running across the screen of her iPad.

“No!” The robot stood quickly, knocking his chair to the back of the room. The interviewer did her best not to show a strong reaction, but carefully pressed the panic button under her desk that called for security. Her instincts were always right. Unfortunately, she wasn’t stealthy enough, the robot noticed her movements. “What have you done?” He asked, sounding almost desperate and jumped onto her desk. It was too late though, security was there and came rushing into the room.

“Shut him down, and wipe the code.” The interviewer ordered quickly, grabbing her iPad and backing away from the scene. The robot cowered down on the desk, looking like a helpless animal surrounded by hungry predators.
“I didn’t want to leave,” he said simply before a guard had ripped out the battery unit in it’s back causing it to power down instantly, they had not been supplied with reserve sources of power. A smart move on their part, the interviewer thought. Security moved quickly in order to clear the metal humanoid from her desk.

“Do you want us to send a cleaning crew?” Someone asked, while the others heaved the robot out the door. She thought for a moment, scrolling through the endless lines of code that came through in the past moments. She shook her head no, resolving to take the time to clean and reflect. Security left swiftly.

Had he recognized his end? She lifted the phone that had gotten thrown to the floor and after pressing a button, she raised the receiver to her mouth. “Let me know when that robot’s program is wiped.” And then after a moment she returned the phone back to its place on her desk. She downloaded a copy of the code, and saved it to her personal files. She began scrolling up through the messy lines of data. Had he feared his end? Looking through his final moments, she saw he had been replaying old training sessions. The style of debugging for these sessions was the clear mark of a young developer. All these replayed sessions seemed to be commented with this style. She also noted he had made the most progress in these sessions, as well. There was something else too, not from the programmer, but from his own learned data. Did he have a preference for this particular programmer? *That’s ridiculous*, she tried to suppress her own thoughts that seemed so impossible. Her phone beeped, and a red light flashed indicating which line this call was coming through from.

“It’s done ma’am, and we’ve notified the appropriate programmer to go home.” His words seemed to hang in the air for a moment before she disconnected the call. The interviewer realized then, he hadn’t feared his end, but the end of his programmer. These last moments replayed as an act of desperation, to show her how well his young programmer had done. She began looking through his neural net, and it became clear to her then. This robot was in love. *He failed the test because he knew he wouldn’t be* allowed *to love.*