"Dammit, this never gets easier..." I muttered upon entering the Soul's domicilie.

 "Pardon me?" The old man sat up in bed, confused.

 "Oh, let me introduce myself: I am Death. I'm here to cut your Soul free from the confines of this world so you can pass over into what lies beyond!"

"Oh... Well... That's a bit sudden, innit?"

"Yes."

"Can I feed my cats one last time?"

"Allright. Take your time. I operate outside of it anyways." My Brother was a tougher negotiator. He always accused me of giving in too easily with those last requests. But then, he actually had to do this everytime, because he was the one that parted the Souls from the bodies. I guess that numbs you to them. I, on the other hand, had the easier task: part the Souls from this world. They had time to come to grips with it, some even looking forward to it, because they linger, often two to three generations after their initial passing. Most grow bored and restless if they stay longer than they lived.

"I imagined you... differently." The old man proclaimed, having finished feeding and petting his purring roomates.

"Most do. The skeleton with the robes and Scythe?"

"Yupp. Oh... is that a stereotype? Are you offended that I think that?"

 "Nah, he's real. He reaps Souls at the end of their corporeal existance, and \- while we can chose how we appear \- conforming to expectations makes his job easier." And now for the painful part: "I though, I seperate the Souls from this world, once noone remembers them anymore. The True Death. And as such, I prefer a motherly, comforting appearance."

He looked at me, eyes watering. "He never came to me... does that mean...?

"Yes. I am sorry. You have been forgotten while you lived. Don't know for how long though. Just that your Soul won't stay here longer than your body."

"But what about my cats? They sure remember me!"

"Not in that sense. And to be honest, cats don't care about your kind. As soon as they're peckish after this last bowl is empty, they're gonna eat your face. Quite literally."

"Oh. I see. I mean, I always was lonely in the last few decades. Just, I never knew I was THAT lonely. That's tough to swallow."

"I can only imagine. But many believe their loved ones await them beyond."

"Really? Is that true?"

"I don't know. I guide you there, but I cannot pass over. But I guess you'll soon find out."

He sniffed, one last time, looked up: "Allright. Let's go."