It’s not like I was too excited about the idea of having a lifetime supply of Oreo but it’s not really in my wildest dream that I will be chosen to be the kid to get the golden ticket inside that small pack of cookies. 

I may have random cravings for Oreo but I’m not obsessed to it. So it’s not a big deal for me to win that lifetime supply of a famous cookie. But that somehow made me the famous kid in town. 

The moment of surprise happened when I was at school. I grabbed a single pack of Oreo from the counter before going to school and had it on my break when I saw small print of text on the inside of the package. It says, “Congratulations, you just won a lifetime supply of Oreos.” Small but catchy. Then my friend who’s sitting beside me saw I was reading the text on the package snatch it in my hands and announced it to all the kids in the canteen. And there, I was an instant famous kid. And I hate drawing attentions, I’m the nerd kid you know. I like putting my face hidden in books. 

Every kid in town was all in awe when the first box of Oreo was dropped in our front porch. It was a cardboard box with 10 packages with nine packs of 3 pieces Oreos each. But the fame never lasted. All the kids just got used to me getting a monthly supply of Oreos, they come in different flavors whenever they have new one but that’s just it. The only kid that remain happy for me getting those supplies is my best friend Kenneth. It was him who announced I won the supplies and it was him so gets so excited every first Monday of the month when my delivery comes in. He’s a good guy, we’re both the nerds but he’s into physics while I like biochemistry the most. Then we went to the college and pursue our dreams then never heard anything from him anymore. 

But I never knew the promo could be so literal. Like a lifetime supply of Oreo, as in lifetime. And it was never even stopped by a biological warfare that wiped four fifth of the population of the world. A North Korean missile that was launch to the six major continents releasing an airborne biochemical that killed many people who has been exposed to the virus. The virus attacks the lungs, deteriorating the Aveoli, til the host vomit bloods and stop breathing. It was a sudden but a painful death. Depraving you of air to breath til the body looses oxygen, paralyses then dies.

I was at the lab when the incident happened. It was an enclosed air filtered lab to prevent contaminants from the outside to reach the bacteriophage I was working with. I lose my family, my parents, my wife and my kids in that incident. Now, I was all alone in this post apocalyptic world where the lung virus have evolved into something destructive. But I still need to remain sane in this lonely environment to focus on my work. Now that the virus find its ways from the lungs into the veins across the nervous system, making the dead man rise and walk to look for a new host for the virus to feed. 

Now we have lung viruses and zombies but Oreo never failed to deliver my monthly supply of Oreos! Yes, they still deliver my fucking lifetime supply of Oreos! At first I was never suspecting when I went to college and still found their way to my dorm. Then to my home in California, when I had a wife and a kid. And now to this isolated laboratory in Washington. 

Every first Monday of the month, it never fails to deliver my supply. I tried to track who’s delivering it but to my disappointment, it is being delivered by a drone. Maybe the Oreo company just decided to continue their promise of lifetime supply by sending it through drones. I never bothered to track where their factory is, there’s no point of risking in traveling across the States just to check where is their factory. I still need to work on this bacteriophage I was working with. 

I know there is potential in this bacteria to destroy the virus that makes the dead person walk the earth. Things started to get weirder, the drone don’t just supply Oreos but it started delivering laboratory supplies even the chemicals that I need suddenly being delivered without me asking them from anyone. I don’t know who’s sending them and why but they helped me in creating the cure against this virus. 

One day I was away the lab to gather samples of the virus for the experiment when I get caught in the middle of a zombie crowd. I was able to escape them but they track me back to my laboratory. I am no longer safe in this place. 

First Monday of March, when the drone came with a box of Oreo and a letter. The letter contains: 

Hello Dr Paul Benedict, 

This is to inform you that the Oreo company has a protected facility that is willing to house the survivors of the virus outbreak. 

Our facility is strategically located in the highlands of Alaska in an isolated community to hold the invading walking dead. 

It is also protected with highly filtered ventilated tempered glass dome to prevent airborne virus to infect the survivors. 

Attached to this letter is the address of the airport where the plane that will take you to our facility. And please make sure to bring this letter with you to secure your entry to our facility. 

Sincerely yours,

KB
CEO of Oreo comp. 

I’m not sure about this but i’m still taking the risk. They helped me in improving the cure and this place is no longer safe for me, knowing that last night, a zombie was able to enter the lobby and will make sure find a way to get to this secure lab. So for seven long years of staying in this isolated place I have decided to leave this place for an unsure place that offers a safe haven for survivors. 

First thing in the morning I left the laboratory through a secret passage towards the parking area for VIPs. I made sure the vehicle i’ll be using are all functioning the night before and packed all the supply for the long travel. And of course packed the cure samples i’m working in a secure metal suitcase. 

 It was rather lonely and long drive. Just to reach the airport, it would take me almost 2 days of drive to reach the Eielson Airforce Base but it took me rather four days by rerouting since few highways are blocked. I crossed through British Columbia then to Alaska. 

I thought everything would be easy as I reached the airport since I never had any issues along the way. Zombies are nowhere to be found in the highways. Technically, no living creatures are staying at the road, they are either in cities, towns, forest or highlands where the air is thin. 

As I reached the British Columbia, I started to become more cautious. Definitely, zombies will be everywhere at this point. Roads are beginning to become crowded. Lanes are jammed with empty cars that I need to do more reroutes. By the time I arrived in Eielson base, I was welcomed by an armed party of military men with gas masks who escorted me to the plane that will take me to the secured facility. 

On my way there, i felt mixed emotions. Somehow excited to see more survivors which kickstarted by these armed men who welcomed me. I also felt weird with the idea of meeting the CEO of the company that delivers me my lifetime supply of cookies since I was a kid. I don’t know what to expect. 

It is a huge facility. Most likely a community inside a huge glass dome with factories and condominium type buildings for survivors. The military men escorted me immediately to the CEO’s office. It is a rather neat building, not much of a fancy building but it is clean and neatly maintained. 

They asked me to take the lift alone and that should take me to the CEO’s office. I can’t help myself to fiddle on the handle of my suitcase as the usual elevator music surrounds the lift. How should I greet him? Will I be formal? Or casual? Or should I start with a Hello? Will I introduce myself right away? Or did he already know me? 



