  "No!"...That was her single, excruciating proclamation as their gaze met. She knew in an instant the face of the woman she had grown to love. Their first meeting was to be their last, and it was with the cruelest of ironies that they stood before one another, at this very moment. But, this is the end. And as with every end, there must be a beginning....

  "Never the twain shall meet." Tattooed in a crisp, calligraphy font, just slightly above her right collar bone. This was their mantra. Repeated daily despite the ever-increasing passion that threatened to consume them. Her other had the same ink, in the exact same location. A constant reminder of the consequences of succumbing to their desires. East meets west, the Capulets and Montagues, etc. The term star crossed lovers had absolutely nothing on the two of them... 
  
  Since locating one another, they were both painfully aware of the devastation their union could rain down upon the world. Unsure as to the why or how, they instinctively knew of the consequences. It was a chance encounter meeting as they did, barely escaping the physical calamity of their proximity to one another. Locating one another afterwards was simple, intuitive. It was from the beginning they swore to maintain, with unwavering efficiency, their distance. Great care was taken to find geographically opposing coordinates. It was at these locations they would endure. As far away from one another as distance would permit. Diligence and perseverance would rule the day, and mankind would be none the wiser. As is the case with most matters of the heart, the universe had other plans, and no amount of will is stronger than the heavens...

  The seriousness in her mother's tone caused her to panic slightly, knowing all the while the reason for the call.

  "It's your father love, he's not long for the world." Her mother sobbed into the phone. "You need to come say your farewell, if you're able."

  She had to go see her precious da one last time. Frantically, she called her other. No answer. She tried again, and again, and then several more times. Still, the cell phone kept going to voice mail.

  "Shit! What the hell am I going to do?" her mind now racing, fraught with worry.

  "It's not that far." She began to console herself. "Only a half day drive and I'll return as soon as I am able. Surely the distance won't matter so long as we are careful not to cross paths."

  She left a voicemail, urging her other to stay put and that she had to travel for a family issue. Meanwhile, her counterpart on the other side of the world was dealing with a different set of circumstances.

  "I know of your desire to stay where you are, but we have a viable candidate for transplant." Her cardiologist said with his familiar monotone prattling." The family has decided to discontinue life support. The patient is a perfect match. This may be your only chance for a heart."

  She agonized momentarily. Maybe this would be the best possible outcome. If she were to die, all the horrible outcomes associated with meeting her other would be nullified. In an instant she understood the error in her logic, that she must risk the trip. For their energy and life were intertwined in a way only she and the other understood. She knew that if she were to perish, her beloved would suffer the same fate.

  Arrangements were made, and she boarded the long flight to begin her journey of rediscovered life. As she turned off her cell phone, she momentarily thought of calling her other. Her precious, beautiful other.

  "No. Better to let sleeping dogs lie. Knowing of my illness and travels would only bring her grief and discord. As long as we remain out of each other's company, all will be fine." she thought to herself, as she turned her cell phone off just before takeoff.

  The flight was unremarkable, as was the cab ride to the hospital. She allowed herself to smile, knowing this was a wonderful opportunity for a new lease on life. Giddy with excitement, she overlooked turning her cell phone back on, and instead took in the sights and sounds around her.

  She practically sprinted from the cab to the receiving area of the hospital. Bad heart be damned, she was ready for her fresh start. She was processed, given an ugly, floral printed gown, and sent upstairs to her room. The elevator was taking its sweet time, almost mocking her nervous excitement. "Ding!" The elevator bell rang out, as the doors opened. She stepped inside and pressed the button for the 5th floor.

  The heart monitor had been droning along at the same pitch for several minutes now. Her da was gone, she knew it, could see it, and at the same time refused to accept it. Her mother was wracked with sobs, sitting in the corner of the room in an ugly faux leather chair. She walked up to his bed side, leaned over the rail and kissed his forehead. She wasn't ready to say goodbye, but she knew he had been more than ready to leave this world. Finally free from all the demons that plagued his deteriorated mind, he would suffer no more. Shuffling over to her mother, she squeezed her and kissed her cheek, wanting nothing more than to be free of the death pall that now filled the room.

  "I really need a fucking drink." she proclaimed to her mother. Her mother shot her a surprised look, and then furled her brow at her.

  "Language!" she scolded, then laughingly replied; "I could use a pint or two myself. You go on now, I'll call you in a bit when we're done with the paperwork."

  Hastily, she spun on her heels and made her way for the door. Passing by the nurses station and feeling their gazes of pity made her increase her pace. She turned down the hall and stood in front of the elevators.

  As the doors slowly opened, she looked up from her feet, and into the eyes of one she had known eternally. Fate. Divinity. Call it what you will. No amount of precaution or planning would stop this inevitability. All around her she could feel the fabric of time and space pulling at each other. The walls of the hospital started to liquefy, returning to the most basic elemental state of being. Her other stared at her, a longing in her eyes that could no longer be denied.

  "No!" was the only word that would come to her mouth in those final moments. Not so much a word of protest as it was a plea. A plea to undo the events they had so carelessly brought upon the world. As her other reached out to her in what would come to be their single, final embrace, she knew it was an inevitability. All pain, anger, and hate would cease to exist. As would love, joy and pleasure. Two sides of the same coin. The yin and the yang. As it was, so it returns to be. 

  The world, and the universe collapsed upon itself at that very point in space and time. There the energy sits. Enclosed upon itself it grows, threatening to explode into existence at any moment. Be it now. Be it millions, or even billions, of years from now.

  Love creates...love destroys. The cycle remains unbroken...

*************

  This is my first contribution. Just kind of went with it. Enjoy.

  