Bradly Goon was in Heaven. Technically, he was almost in Heaven, but this was the happiest he had ever been. The large bridge he was on connected the physical realm to the Heavenly one, and the view between the two was gorgeous. Large waterfalls, whose cascade sounded like music poured out from the edge of the Heaven's majestic border. Light brighter than the mid-day sun illuminated everything, but did not blind. The play between the light and water created concentric rainbows as the water fell into the star filled space the bridge was built over. Each blade of grass, and even the rocks, felt so alive, and Bradly knew he was about to meet the Author of Life just beyond the gate St. Peter was joyfully welcoming people into.

"Wait." A voice that was attractive upon hearing, but repellent when considered, called from behind. Bradly turned around to see a large figure, burned the darkest black. It was so bound up in chains that movement looked impossible. Bradly's sense told him he was in danger just being near it, and he knew exactly who this was. On this beautiful bridge to Heaven, Satan was standing.

As his surprise faded, Bradly realized he didn't feel any fear. He had already died; Satan was no threat to him. "What?" he asked simply.

"General Goon, retake the abyss!"

Bradly had no clue what was going on and said as much. Satan began to explain: mankind had made himself subject to the laws of sin, and therefore death. Some persisted in sin and so chose death, even when they could have chosen life, and were to be subject to him for eternity. The problem was that he was bound until the end of time, for the sake of mankind yet living. In the meantime, five millennia of the worst people to ever live poured into Hell. At first, it was easy to control those souls through a little bit of fear and the hopelessness of eternity. The last 300 years had brought change though. French Enlightenment philosophers flooded Hell and told the souls they were better off in Hell than in Heaven. Twentieth century dictators began to enforce their will on the souls that had been motivated beyond lethargy. And the last 30 years had seen a surge in the number of corrupt baby boomer politicians and CEOs, who talked the very demons of Hell into working for their cause because under their leadership, Hell's membership would boom.

Satan needed someone who understood these modern demons in human skin to quell this uprising, and crush it permanently. Bradly had already proven himself capable in life.

Bradly shook his head. "You'll have to wait until the end of time then, and settle things yourself. I'm about to enter Heaven. If that's all?"

Th father of lies looked straight at him, and for once, spoke the truth. "Your wife...she's still alive. I wonder if you will meet again? She's so lonely now that you're gone, and she loves drink and young men. Conquer Hell, and I will see that she is never tempted again."

Bradly smoldered for a moment. "Leave her alone then. How long will this take?"

Satan smiled, somehow it was more terrible than when he was glaring. "That depends on you," as he grabbed Bradly and slid off the side of the bridge.