Ah, Wolverine. He never has much luck with women.

I mean, first there was the Irish redhead he was with when he got his powers. He does not remember her name, but I’ve tried to rip it out of his memory blocks.  To be fair, we only found out that *his* name is Logan after we went to Banshee’s home and had leprechauns tell us that. Come to think of it, maybe that’s how they knew. His lady was Irish, they’re leprechauns...

Seriously though, my X-Men are weird. I have a stone cairn outside that has sealed away demons within. 

In any case, that woman eventually took him to a mine and Logan ended up nearly got blown up by the cook who hated him because he really wanted to forcibly take the girl.

Side note, my god that man was fat. Like, seriously, we all mock the Blob, and Mojo was a real chunker in the 90s, but this random chef in the 1900s was really big. 

Anyway, after he almost died then, Logan ran with wolves. There are some somewhat weird memories in there in which he thinks wolverines are wolves, not helped by the black haired native American woman he meets up with. They have a log cabin together, sweet circumstances... Until it turns out she’s an agent of the Weapon X program in Canada.

For those unfamiliar, Weapon A is the super serum that made Steve Rogers. B through to like V is mostly attempts to recreate that, though random mind control and mass manipulation pops in on a few letters.

By the time we reach X, they’re going for immortal death warriors who kill and kill relentlessly.

So, Wolverine gets his adamantium, and at this point decides to avoid women, as some part of him has decided that they are usually the catalyst for his misfortune, if not the direct cause.

Sidebar, I don’t blame him, I mean, between my attempts to groom Jean Grey, my often weird one with Moira McTaggert, and the often leading to me faking my own death relationship with Empress Lilandra, love is a real distraction as it usually ends with the women involved breaking your legs another time and you needing to wipe memories.

After the initial project though, there’s a big block until the 1970s, when Wolverine joined my X-Men. He insultingly thinks of me as cueball, makes leering faces at Jean, and if it wasn’t for the Phoenix Force fiasco traumatising everyone, I would have turfed him out of my school. But everyone nearly died, so I gave him a pass.

There is a unreleased Dazzler song about that period though. It was meant to be sung by Logan while she danced in a Phoenix costume.

“I knew a pretty redhead. her name was Jean,

and her body was tight, and it was lean, 

She got posessed by the later dark Phoenix Force, 

she commited genocide and we don’t mind of course!

Now she’s dead and Scott’s got Lee Forrester,

But none of us will forget her,

Wait Scott seriously who is Madeline Pryor,

dang baby you look just like the girl we knew who died in a fire...

Jean Grey! 

Your breasts were magnificent, eh!

Jean Grey! 

It’s probably Sinister’s fault anyway...”


Suffice it to say, Logan’s musical career did not take off in the 80s. That man cannot sing without mind control.

In any case, then the Brood happened, and there is nothing like everyone being impregnated by alien embryos to bring a team together in a murderous rampage.

Unfortunately, Logan did not hook up with Captain Marvel. Was a shame, as he clearly figured she was a badass, and she respected his skills as the X-Men’s ‘stabby guy’.

As another sidebar, it has been a hobby of mine to ship my X-Men together. I still think Nightcrawler and Storm would be cute together.

In any case, this has been the log of Charles Xavier, mulling over the many problems whenever Wolverine dates.

And honestly, it’s far less confusing than Scott’s issues.