“I would have to disagree with you on that, Gibret.”  Taldo’s face was eerily serious, having taken on a certain bluish tinge of reflected light from the Earth’s oceans far below.  He continued.

“It seems to me that quite the contrary is the case.  All war species fight for peace, or at least think they do.  Let us explore this issue together, and let me start by asking you a question: what is the purpose of war?”

Gibret paused to reflect before replying.  He could tell that Taldo was in a philosophical mood, as so often happened after prolonged periods of interstellar travel.  He had never quite gone in for the whole academic thing.  Auritopian scientists had long ago proven that 99.8 percent of philosophy is pure drivel, with the remaining .2 percent being almost pure drivel, adulterated with faint hints at something more profound, yet absolutely beyond all hope of explanation.  Therefore, it was in the spirit of indulging his good friend, rather than that of an ardent co-philosophizer, that he responded after a pause.

“I suppose, comrade Taldo, that the purpose of war, when considered from the perspective of those that engage in it, is to emerge victorious, to win.”

Taldo was quick to respond with another question.

“And at that moment of simultaneous victory and defeat, what state of affairs could be said to characterise the newfound state of equilibrium existing between the parties previously engaged in war?”  

Gibret paused again to reflect.  He could already see where Taldo was going with this, and found it utterly facile.

“I readily perceive the course of your logic, Taldo.  But I’ll play along anyways.  Well… the state of affairs you just described could be characterized as peace, insofar as peace is the absence of war.  And so it follows that all war species could be said to fight for peace, since, in a sense,  war results in peace.  On the other hand, I think you’ve got it all wrong.”  

Gibret continued.

“To my mind, scattered and weary as it is after such a long voyage, peace cannot truly be said to exist in a frame of reference that contains the idea of war.  Take our own evolutionary history by way of example.  Did our forefathers not genetically engineer us to be, amongst other things, unshakably pacifistic?  Were they not driven to do so by innumerable centuries of war, and all that follows from it- suffering, starvation, destruction, regression.  We would never be where we are today were it not for their well intentended modifications, and we certainly would not know peace- indeed, we couldn’t have known it even if we’d wanted to.  But now we do.  And, moreover, as you well know, we now patrol the 9 nearest galaxies in pursuit of instances of sentient life engaged in war.  When we find it, as we just have, we carry out the necessary modifications to ensure that it comes to an abrupt end.  And on that note, let us return to the business at hand.  That, surely, was enough philosophy for now…”

Taldo could see that Gibret indeed had a point.  They really should get to down to work.  After a few minutes of high paced activity at their respective command interfaces, Gilbert called out to Taldo above the intensifying hum of their craft:  

“Initiating wide spectrum genetic modification beam… We’re ready to engage”

“Engage!”

And that was the beginning of peace on Earth.           
