This was not the first message we had received in this way. Many species had done as this one had and sent a fragment of their culture into the vast void of space in the hope of finding others, in the hope of finding a friend. 

We had once been not dissimilar, but no-one answered our call, no-one came to greet us as we made out first stumbling steps into the universe. We were the first, or at least we could find no trace of any who had made these steps before us and so we decided that this was our mission, our duty. We would seek out other life and greet it, shepherd it into the universe as best we were able. We would do this on their terms though, we would not force them, we would engage on their own terms, these were the rules. 

This world had chosen a disk, carried on a primitive craft that had been hurled out of their solar system on the most crude of propulsion systems. The signal it emitted was weak, but we had been drawn here by the vast electromagnetic noise out out by one of the planets and with this craft we had an invitation to come closer and examine them. 

Its message was simple, a basic description of their world, their species and fragments of their culture. Music, mathematics, art; things of simple beauty, which it was clear to see would inspire their people. I stood with the Leader and contact team and we listened to their noises, simple patterns and rhythms which made us smile and click our clawed feet onto the deck of the hull. These people knew how to evoke mood and feeling with their culture and would be a valued addition to the universe. 

We moved closer, holding at their moon while our technology team investigated more closely, tapping into their electronic systems. These people were... complex. They had put so much of their lives into computer networks, sharing details which allowed us intimate knowledge of their world and their people. There was violence and anger there too, but so much more, so much good to outweigh the bad. 

At last a decision was made, we would contact them, but before the contact team were able to prepare, a young member of the science team appeared, holding a data crystal and looking awkward, his tendrils all askew. He hesitated, but spoke at last. "Leader, I think... I think you need to see this." 

He pressed the crystal into the nearest port and the familiar sounds of one of the pieces of music floated over the communications systems. The Leader nodded and gestured for it to stop. "We know this music, it is part of their culture." 

The young specialist squirmed. "Yes sir, but look at what it *means* to them." 

He pressed the crystal deeper and a cultural analysis appeared. The music was... they were a joke of some kind. They were played to fool another and to perform some kind of bait and switch effect. 

The top section of the Leader's head deflated. "This species, perhaps this is a signal that we do not understand them as well as we need to. We cannot initiate a formal contact, but we should use this knowledge and give them a signal that we wish to be friendly and wish to engage on their terms." 

*****

The probe was prepared and launched before the ship began its slow movement out of the system. We would watch its reception for as long as we could, in the hope we could gain more understanding of these people for our return in a few thousand cycles of their system. It streaked down towards the planet, making for one of the larger population hubs, looking for their people. 

The inhabitants flocked out as it landed, gathering around the probe and reaching out, touching it and in doing so activating it. They were looking for a message, a greeting, but we would show them that we understood, that we would be their friend and work on the same level they operated on. 

The probe unfolded and the crowd of people backed away, the image was being beamed around the world on their communication systems and most of their beings would see it. Much work had gone into adapting our speakers so that it could most effectively play their music and these now reached up high, for maximum volume. 

There would be one play through and this would show that we understood their culture and were willing to engage on their terms. It was time, the people were watching and the music began. 

This was their moment of hope, so much of their culture yearned for this, but we would show we had a deeper understanding of how they thought. After this the internals would melt into nothing and the probe would die with no signal, just a vague promise that we may one day be back. It is how they would want it. 

"*Never gonna give you up...*"

***

If you like stories written by a whisky fuelled Scotsman, then check out /r/fringly. 

I write things such as this one, about [a war between humans and all other species (elves, orks etc) in a world where Gods are real, but the humans have none and so ally with demons instead.](https://www.reddit.com/r/fringly/comments/5b3c71/fringly_longish_short_story_a_fantasy_world/) 