The first thing that I noticed was a throbbing pain near my hip. Every time I turned my body, discomfort radiated through my side discouraging me from further movement. Yet out of necessity I turned about a few more times to take in my surroundings before I found the strength in my legs. 

Nothing but sand lay before me in seemingly all directions. I found myself on a makeshift dirt road with rocks and pebbles crudely demarcating the boundaries of the dilapidated path. As I sighed and contemplated my next steps, I began to recall the events that transpired what felt like hours ago. 

I was walking back from my Expository Writing class to my dorm, along a path that I had discovered close to the beginning of the semester. The path was pretty far off the main roads of the University but it saved me a mile or two each day so I was happy to make the walk in what I had assumed was solitude.

My earbuds were still booming as I felt a hand grab around my shoulder. I jumped and turned around to a man in a ski mask with a white towel in his other hand. Before my thoughts could catch up to my perceptions, the towel was pressed to my face while his other arm wrestled with my torso. I remember trying to elbow the man's gut and kick his groin in my compromised position but he deftly evaded my blows while maintaining pressure, like he had been in this situation many times prior. I remembered my legs weakening and the world fading out around me as I heard "relax, just relax" in a slightly accented voice.

As I felt the sun's rays intensifying above me, I thought to myself how strangely familiar the voice was. in the midst of the struggle I didn't think much of it, but now stuck in a barren orange sea with no company but my musings, I swear I heard the same distinctive accent before, I couldn't mistake it. I remained in thought for a few more futile seconds before letting out a deep sigh as I focused on the distance before me.

As I bent down to prepare my shoes for the journey, I noticed for the first time a dirty tan pouch at my feet. I opened it up and was nearly blinded by the reflection of the sun upon the coins. I reached inside and picked one out to inspect- these golden coins were about the size of nickels and marked with '1 peso'. I pondered again the identity of the sick bastard that orchestrated this chicanery while my fingers felt something novel at the bottom of the pouch. I pulled out a ripped piece of loose leaf paper with some words neatly written in blue ink.

Senor Villalobos. My professor for beginner's spanish from fall semester. Above his name was the message "Este es el examen final".

And I could only think to myself, "Damn, I should've paid attention in class- I still can't fucking read Spanish"