-You get used to it, really.

His face was quite surprised. I figured he had known there was something odd about me, but he didn't. 

-But that doesn't happen in... Like...

Yes, 847 cases in the last two hundred years. Apparently criogenics' trend didn't last long. But here I am, the last reported case. He was terrible at hiding his surprise. I couldn't blame him, after all. It didn't ocurred to him that the most necessary and vital modifications humanity went through the last centuries could be absent from my apparently normal body.

-Does that mean your ears...?

He was as troubled for asking such a question, as he was curious. 
My ears can only listen to sounds made by vibrations. In order to hear as much as the rest of the people I have this device, I explained, showing him the small speaker behind my ear. The same goes with my eyes. I must be one of the few people that use glasses for correcting the eyesight. 

-Do you still have fingerprints? 

His rounded eyes were amusing. Those were erased when I was young. It was the only way for me to be able to use computers, since their current sensibility is incompatible with the complicated patterns of fingerprints. I grinned at his disappointment, since fingerprints are a typical element in stories and fiction. The fact that humans used to have unique patterns in their hands, and that they could use them to open doors, access private data and leave traces of themselves, has for long marvelled storytellers in this era. 
My fingerprints were surgically removed when I was ten years old. It was the only thing about me that couldn't be helped with the aid of a technological gadget. The rest of my shortcomings were easier to handle. 

Oh, but my hair is real, this is the way it grows. Of course I let him feel it. This always i
mpresses people. The colour and amount can be replicated, but the feel isn't what you would call pleasant. That's why is more common to have it short and not all over your head. He confessed me that at first he had thought I was a kind of artist with my extravagant look. I used to keep it regular-looking, but I found that it was great for hiding my gadgets. Then I began to like the way it felt, and decided to wear it long. 
He didn't ask more questions, but I could tell he wanted to. The rest of the evening went well, I could even say I we had a good time. But his shock lingered during the whole date. It was as if I had to prove constantly that I could act and function as a human being is expected to. 
Yes, you get used to it, with time. You get used to prove that you can live in this society as any person does.
