The worthy shall inherit the earth or in this case a ton of cash to influence it. I failed in life to do good with this wealth. I never even allowed myself to have a family. I'm on day 32 of begging on this street. I don't want to give up this wealth to just any person that gives me a penny. I want to do it for someone that shows me true compassion. So far I've had no luck and I'm getting close to my final days.

Day 57, I told myself surely someone cares enough to help me. Surely everyone isn't so self centered. Yet here I am a few dollars richer than I was yesterday. Who am I kidding I've made thousands just sitting here on the ground due to the interest of my wealth. It's been very humbling to not spend a dime of it though. It's getting colder here. Winter is coming soon and I'm only supposed to live until next March sometime. I'm determined to wait this out though.

Day 83, I can't even believe the ridiculous thing that just happened. I'm sitting here freezing and a homeless man comes up and gives me one of his blankets. Tells me not to die on the cold ground and to warm up near his fire. I was taken aback by how kind he was. I sat with him and we talked. He told me he had been wanting to help someone who truly needed it. I told him I was waiting for that someone to help me. And what are the odds? We both offered each other our immense wealth almost simultaneously. Turns out being rich and alone is common practice. Well to say the least we had one hell of a laugh. Much needed in my final days. He had less time than I did apparently. We did realize something though. Why make someone suffer through the same rich loneliness that we have.

Day 124, my time is almost up. My newly gained friend has passed. We accomplished our goal though. We set in motion a plan to help those in need as well as those trying to live their lives. Giving back to the middle class and poor. Our money together is set to pay 10% of all their taxes until it is all gone. Though the combined interest should prevent that from happening for quite some time. We also created homes for the homeless with options to allow them to start over if they so choose to. This will be my final entry. I just hope whoever is reading this understands. Money is not everything. Live your life and enjoy those closest to you. I took the long way around to find this out.