(First time writing in a few years, and it's on mobile, at that. Be gentle?) 

You want to hear about how Mommy woke up a long time ago AGAIN? Alright, my heart, but then it's straight to bed with you! 

As soon as I realized what had happened, I resolved to make the best of it and keep good records as I lived in these lands, since history had always been written by other people before. Then I realized... I had an obligation. That means something important that you have to do,even if no one told you to do it. The area I was in had not yet encountered pillagers, so there was time to organize. From what I could figure out, it was around 1425 when I woke up in that cave. We didn't have long by the time I'd learned the language and gotten across my foreknowledge. With luck and determination, we could make it work. 

I played the role of future-teller as best I could, knowing that if we really won, I would never see my future again. Every fact I had ever been exposed to, every piece of knowledge I'd heard in a class or a podcast, I wrote on buffalo hide. (No, darling, we didn't have paper all the time then.) I taught others to read and write so that they could send out my information and the Chieftains' plans. 

All the different tribes banded together, making treaties (that means special deals you can't break- yes, like a pinkie promise) to make sure that no bullies came to these lands. Plymouth Rock, as I remembered it, was a park. (What is a... OK, kind of like if you made a forest into a museum?) I know you only know it as a Fort, but that is part of the sacrifice the People have made. 

Because, my love, in my time, everyone learned how to play with toys before they learned how to keep house, as it were. Now, the People are the ones with the toys, thanks to my foreknowledge, and only when countries have shown they can keep their rooms clean can they have the fun toys, like planes! (Remember when we visited Egypt, and we were in the sky?) But that was the only way Mommy could think of to protect as many people as possible, as to close the border on the illegal immigrants from Europe, but make sure that these lands became the land of the Free, the home of innovation, and a pillar of Democracy. 

Now! It's off to bed with you.

Alright. One more time, but that's it!

As soon as I realized what happened...