Bit late to the party but here you go -
 
It had been 3 months since the King’s death when they found Ron. He knew they would be coming of course, as they had with many other of the world’s greatest warriors. He was practicing his stances, like he had every day since he was able to wield a sword. Flowing from one to another in an almost god-like fashion, he had been trained for this moment his entire life. 
 
Every time a king died, he left behind a decree on how he wanted his successor to be chosen. A select group of his most trusted advisers commissioned the contest and devised the more detailed rules the King had not laid out. They were called The Council. While the new king was being ‘chosen’ the council’s head ruled. Almost every time it had involved violence, in one form or another. This was no exception. It had been announced a week before they came how the future King would be chosen. It was an odd one, especially how the announcement ended.
 
The temporary King stood high above every person there, of which there were thousands, on one of the castles many terraces. He was draped in rather simple yet elegant clothes; the old King’s clothes had not been given to him. He began in a loud voice, amplified by the castle. 
 
“Today marks the 3 month anniversary of King Herald the VIII's death.” He began solemnly. “The Council has finished the preparation of the games. There are to be 30 contenders, each sponsored by a Lord.” The sadness in his voice had gradually de-escalated in sadness, until it was a flat monotone. “They will be fighting in an area of 10 square miles, which will gradually grow smaller as time goes by. They will start in a circle formation, wielding the weapons granted to them by their respective Lords.”
 
Ron had not been there, but he had heard of course. News like that spreads around quite quickly, even when you live in the middle of a forest. A passing hunter who had been in the courtyard when the councilman gave the news told Ron.
 
The temporary King then spouted off about the various rules and things that no one really cared about. He began to list off Lord’s names, but before he could finish the first one’s name and title, he was interrupted by loud bang and flash of light.
 
There were three figures high above the turrets. No one recognised them at first, but eventually they began to figure out who exactly they were; Zeus, Jupiter and Ra.
    ”There’s been a change of plans.” The gods said in unison.

This is my first time posting and your criticisms would be really helpful!
