I adjusted my robe, his words ringing in my head.

"You just have to get it out."

Would this be the one? Would this next soul be mine, the one that would release me from this curse? I took a deep breath and stepped through the portal. Every time I did this, these thoughts rolled through my mind. I half-expected that after a few thousand reapings they would go away, but they didn't. They just kept on coming.

The sky brightened as I strolled out of the Astral Plane and into wherever the newly deceased abided.

A young woman stood in front of me, translucent in the midday sun. She looked at me with disbelief in her eyes, like most do at this point. Her body is splayed out in the road, torn and bloody. A car is wrapped around a telephone pole not twenty feet away, the driver slumped against the wheel.

I don't see the driver's spirit. He must still be breathing, clinging to his life. Lucky guy, I think. I can smell the alcohol from here. If he'd bought it right now, before he found redemption, I'd be taking him to a really special place, one designed just for people like him.

"No. NO!"

The girl shied away from me, clutching her stomach. It's then that I notice the bulge.

She's pregnant.

I stopped walking and slammed my scythe against the pavement. She circled the scene, staring at herself.

I am not without feeling. Despite having no soul of my own, I empathize with those that suffer before moving on to their final resting place. I held up a bony hand to to her, fingers spread, trying to calm her.

She cried out, still clutching her  stomach. The paramedics are there  now, working on her body. Their voices were lost to us, reduced to simply mumbles on the other side.

I stepped towards her, my arm extended. A tear rolled down her cheek, then she fell to her her knees.

I placed my arm on her shoulder and watched the scene unfold alongside her.

My job has never been easy. Neither has my search for a soul. Will this girl be my soul, or her unborn child, not yet introduced to the perils of the world? I closed my eyes, listening to her sobs.

Suddenly a muffled cry tore across the realities, the apparent mewling of a newborn child cradled in the arms of a sweating paramedic. I breathed a sigh of relief, though not nearly as loud as the one the girl nestled against me released. 

I could still feel something, and I was glad that this was not the occasion that I found my soul. I could wait a bit longer. The girl rubbed her tears away and looked up to me, her eyes bloodshot. She opened her mouth to speak, her voice quiet. 

"We can go now."

[/r/intotheslushpile] (http://reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile) 