As her ship landed, Gwuappa squinted her eyes, staring through the thick glass at the beings that surrounded her. Their skin shown all shades of brown and for some reason made her just for a moment question her own bluish hue and why no one of her home planet had varied skin tones. This thought quickly passed and was replaced with disgust as the beings began pummeling random objects from the terrain, small hard items deflecting off the forcefield. She delighted in seeing several of them duck and shriek as the objects ricocheted back toward them. Her long finger hovered over the plasma ray controls as she entertained the thought of disintegrating one of these humanoids into dust and tried to imagine the reactions from its comrades. At first, this daydream pleased her and she leaned into the controls. Then, digits just a fraction from the dials, Gwuappa looked up and met eyes with the strangest creature she'd encountered yet. 

Where the others had long, thin strands protruding from their domes, this specimen bore thick tendrils. It stood out against the others in bright, swirly colors and held a crystal tightly between its limbs in its short, stubby phalanges. Despite the rigid, fearful looks on its fellows faces, this thing moved with energy, unfazed and with gusto. Gwuappa's eyes fixated for some time, entranced and bewildered by this things display of utter uncaring and whimsical waving. Her finger twitched, then curled into her narrow palm. While every fiber of her being cried desperately for her to eliminate the bothersome bottom feeders that dwelled on this seemingly prized planet, this weird thing billowing about in front of her pried forth an emotion that was quite foreign. Amusement? Entertainment?  Gwuappa was too flustered to bother dissecting and instead, with no thought behind the action, found herself lowering the ramp and opening her ship to the outside world. 

Gwuappa observed the creatures scattering in all directions before she turned from the glass and exited down the ramp, her luscious, chrome cape billowing behind her. Once her platformed feet hit the ground, the things had all scrammed... All except for the colorful one with the tentacles. It's wild movements  ceased as she approached, its vision receptors became wide at the site of her. She held her hand out to it, unsure how else to approach it and wondering even what she was doing.  Her orders to eradicate this planet of any sentient beings that may pose a problem were forgotten.  It stared  back at her but, to her surprise, did not recoil. She was in the process of formulating a greeting  to send to its mind when a hole opened on the things head and she heard, "Asah, dude!"

Her complex headgear immediately translated this sound, "Asah, dude. A common greeting among earthlings with low brain function."  

'Awww,' she thought. 'It is without intelligence!' 

Her hand swiftly picked a slim device from the chest of her suit, which she pointed at it.  Its extremities shot toward the galaxies. 

"Woah, don't taze me, bro!"

Just as the last syllable punctuated, the thing burst into millions of atoms and sucked into her pocket pet home. 
