As a bartender, it's common to hear insults and jabs as most patrons disregard the barkeep.  Listening to the gargle these two are spouting off starts to grate on your nerves after a while, but you pass it off as another drunk being... well, drunk.

You tend to some other customers and listen to a regular, Ronnie the Chiptooth, talk about an upcoming sporting event.  Now, as a bartender you need to keep up on local sports to stay in the conversations.  Ronnie just starts to elaborate on the intricacies of a major player trade deal when one of the two discussing "Dirt" eyes you from across the bar.

"Hey barkeep!  Another round on my friend here." He says casually, patting his friend on the man's stocky shoulder.

"Sure thing."  You say as you gather their drinks and bring them to the seated pair.

"Funny thing about these Dirts," the first man opens up.  You cast your eye upon him.  Large enough, running a bit to fat in the midsection.  His jowls were the impressive bit.  Large canines poked from each corner, yellowed and stained.  The oddly proportioned teeth caused the man to slobber somewhat, spraying spit with every third word.  

"They only just got on the galactic scene, and ain't yet paid their dues!  I say we run down some of these Dirts and properly introduce them to the Union!"  the man sprayed spit into his friend's face.

The other man was wearing a scarred and worn leather jacket with the unmistakable insignia of a local gang.  The canine-toothed skull with crossed sword and axe was the calling card of the local Brachelau gang.  Known for brutally enforcing the slave trade, weapons smuggling, and generally dickhead behavior, the gang had become a problem both on "Dirt" and here on the western end of the galaxy.

The friend, having listened and literally felt the conversation, agreed.  "What are ye saying, Jarl?  Should we find some of these Dirts and pound the snot out of em?"  The friend was taller likely a half head taller than you, and thick besides.  Not thick like Jarl, but more round in the chest and shoulder.  A bulge on the inside of his leather jacket was a good giveaway to a concealed blaster.  Projectile weapons had been outlawed for civilians by the galactic government, but it was hardly a surprise coming from this gang, in this bar, on this end of the galaxy.

"I say we finda Dirt, and we pound on him until he understands just what it takes to join the Union."  As Jarl sprayed the last couple words, he eyed you cautiously.  

"You hear of any of these Dirts coming through lately, Ron?"  He yelled across the bar.  

Ron, in his casual manner simply shrugged and grinned his chip-toothed grin.  "I dunno Jarl, I don't want no trouble."  He replied.

"Nobody wants what Jarl has!" Jarl laughed heartily at his own joke, slapping his friend on the shoulder.  His friend grunted and looked aside, obviously wishing he'd picked a different drinking partner for the night.

"What do you say, barkeep?"  Jarl said with a smirk.  "What do you think of these Dirts?"

Just as you're about to reply, the bar door slams open.  Three Galactic Patrol officers step in, scanning the bar.  The foremost stepped forward and eyed you.  He spoke clearly across the bar.

"Borque Quave, of Earth, you're to come with us."

A silence descended upon the bar.  Nobody moved as the Galactic Patrol officers stepped forward.  So much for hiding in plain sight.  The few months here had kept you out of the GP's radar for some time, but all things must end.  The odds were against you, five to one if Jarl and his buddy stepped in, but there had to be a way out.  You glance over to Ron, but there is no help there but him finishing his drink.  Best improvise.

"Bork what?  Who are you looking for?"  You slowly work you way toward the low cooler, knowing your sword is just out sight, the pommel showing only slightly behind a bar rag.

"Borque Quave, you are hereby under arrest for treason against the Galactic Union."  The foremost officer stepped around the corner of the bar, pulling manacles from behind his back.  

Faster than most could follow you vaulted the bar, landing in a fighting crouch on the opposite side.  Delivering a short kick to the side of one GP's leg, buckling it sideways at an unnatural angle.  Almost simultaneously, you grab the second GP by his shoulder and jacket and hurl him into a table.  Jarl and his friend are standing now, just staring to form a tangible thought.  The GP is behind the bar, reaching for his comms device to call for backup.  You grab an empty mug and throw it underhand at the GP, it crunches into his face and shatters as you jump back over the bar and retrieve your sword.  You draw it, metal screaming as it's pulled from the scabbard.  Standing level, Jarl eyes you from across the bar.

"You're one of those Dirts, eh?"  He spat.  Disgust wrinkled across his face.

"Suppose so, Jarl."  You reply, watching as his friend starts to reach for the concealed weapon.

Jarl's friend draws an Ion blaster and levels it at your chest.  "Let's take him with us Jarl, the GP assholes already bunged it up.  We can have fun with him before we dump him."  

That settles that.  Jarls friend made a surprised shriek as your blade clipped cleanly through his forearm, the hand and blaster both falling to the floor.  Blue blood sprayed across, into Jarl's face.  He didn't have time to react to the blood as your sword bit into his skull with a hollow click.  On the backswing, your sword chopped through the friend's arm and half into his chest, leaving him to fall with a gurgle to the bar floor.

Now, the GP behind the bar had staggered up, holding a hand to his bloodied face where the bar mug had broken his nose and by the looks of it, wrenched a tooth loose.  "You fucking Earth sack of shit!  You're going to pa-" his voice trailed off looking at the bodies of Jarl and his friend, piled at your feet.  "You..  you..." he looked pale, and slowly backed away from the bar.  His two underlings were slowly getting up, realizing their leader was leaving.  "We'll be back for you, Borque!"  the one with the crippled leg yelled as they left the bar.

Borque Quave, Soldier of Earth, stranded in a bar on the western end of the galaxy.  Again.