"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!"

"Wow. True vampires really are immortal. Fascinating." The Salesman said as he raised the power, raising the temperature into the chamber to a nice toasty 3,000 Celsius. The screaming continued as they continued to try finding a way to properly give a death sentence to the prime evil of the world. They had already tried silver, garlic, electric chairs, hanging, and sunlight to contain him, but none of them worked. Now they were saying "screw it" and tossing him into an electric arc furnace, realizing that there was no way to contain him. 

The screaming stopped after a few more hours cooking him, but they knew better than to open the door. Instead, The Salesman sat back, sipping martinis for a few days before turning the power back on. The screaming returned, only to hear begging for mercy from humanity, and the vow to never harm another living soul again. The Salesman turned the power off for 10 seconds, then turned it back on until the screaming stopped. 

"Task force Sigma. Get in here and be ready. Get the Janitor to clean this up." The Salesman ordered to the heavily armed guards surrounding him. They nodded as a heavily armored man marched forward, throwing the doors open to find a pile of ash where the mighty vampire once stood. With a dust pan, he cleaned the chamber up, making sure to avoid leaving any residue as he sealed the ashes within a steel box. 

"Shall we do the usual protocol sir?" The Janitor asked, preparing to launch the ashes into the sun. 

"No, no. I've decided to expand our business into jewelry." The Salesman answered, causing the Janitor to raise an eyebrow. 

"So?" He asked, confused by The Salesman's answer before making a toothy grin. "You brilliant sociopath." He said, realizing The Salesman's plans as a group of men in lab coats entered. The Janitor walked with them, keeping the ashes close at hand while they worked tirelessly. The Auction was coming this week at the Bizarre Bazaar. They needed something to wow the audience, a thing that would draw the attention of everyone. 

A week passed as The Salesman made a last minute inspection of his products, their cages and restraints keeping them contained for what was to come. The Coup de Grace and centerpiece of the exhibit was the cursed jewelry set, solid gold and decorated with diamonds forged by the ashes of a master vampire. It constantly twitched and swayed, the master vampire desperately trying to return to his mortal form but lacking the power to shatter the molecular bonds of diamond. The auctioneers offered him millions to billions for the box set, but The Salesman refused, keeping the trinket to attract future customers for decades to come. 

Angels and Demons were sold in bundled sets, their wills broken by drugs and driven to pitiful states below even junkies. Big Foot and the Moth Men were kept in cages and bred for their amusement, used by their clients as pets, food, or other reasons. Eldritch entities that drove men mad from a single glance became toys for them, the clients opting to take copious amounts of LSD and entering the containment cells for the ultimate high. The mighty pheonix was captured, ripped apart and used by The Salesman to keep the room warm. As the day ended, The Salesman smirked and pocketed numerous checks, content with the day's sales. As he left, he heard a low cough from one of the dryads, the pesticides used to take her down regressing her mature female form into one of a teenager's. 

"Monster... You're a monster..." She whispered as The Salesman smirked. "All of you..." She said only to be doused with additional pesticide by the eternally smiling Salesman. He wasn't insulted at all by her words. In fact, he relished in her sorrow, taking in the curses she spewed at him as though she were his lover sharing a heartfelt confession.

"We offered you friendship and kindness. To share this world after your reemergence. We wished to work together as equals." He said in a soft voice, as though he were a father educating a child. "We extended a hand of love and friendship. A hand you bit." He continued, grabbing a spray bottle of Agent Orange and spraying her body with it. She howled and rolled within her cage as her body regressed further, now taking a child's form.

"This is worse than death!" She howled as The Salesman laughed heartily.

"And what would an immortal monster know of death?" He asked while leaving, humming happily to himself Tomorrow, they'd go after the Kraken. The Japanese want sushi made from it, and he wasn't one to let his customers down.

"No, no. Can't think work right now." He reminded himself. Now that it was no longer work hours, he had his free time. He made it a personal goal of keeping his work life and home life separate. He usually failed to do so, but he at least made an attempt. He checked his watch and smiled to find that it was only 7:30. He could get back and read his kids their bedtime stories. 

Humming, he strolled down the streets and turned left at the corner, passing by his condo to grab a book. Anna always loved Peter Pan. He grabbed them along with Alice in Wonderland, leaving the condo and locking the door behind him. He continued walking, his trench coat keeping him warm as he stopped by the graveyard. 

Opening the gates, he strolled through the tombs, saying his hellos to everyone in the neighborhood. Gary from down the street, Mack from the deli, old Ms. Periwinkle and her cats, Diane the grocery girl, his father, his mother, his in laws, and so forth. He made sure to open his coat and take out a candle, lighting them up for each person so they could join in the reading session. He made his way to Anna's bed, sitting by the foot of it while his wife slept next to her. Nearby, he found Connor still napping, his action figures still where he left them. 

"Hey kids, daddy's back." He said, placing a candle by each of their beds and clearing his voice. "I got you your favorite. Alice in Wonderland. And Connor, I got you a Spiderman action figure." He said before making a solemn smile, placing the plastic figurine on Connor's chest. "You two are already 17, but you still love this stuff. You'll never grow up, will you?" He asked while patting the soft earth. 

"But it's okay. Daddy's here. He'll keep you safe. He'll keep everyone safe. Nobody's ever gonna hurt you or anybody else ever again. I promise." He said as numerous shadows oozed from the crevices of the cemetery. His smile cracked as he closed the book and placed it over Sarah, turning to find himself surrounded by hundreds paranormal entities. The look of bloodlust and hate in their eyes was enough to tell him rescheduling this meeting was out of question. He sighed, reaching into his coat to remove a sawed off shotgun and a Bowie knife, his usual tools of trade. He knew he promised himself to keep his work and home life separate, but he was only human, after all. 

"Sorry kids. Looks like daddy still has some work to do." He apologized, genuinely peeved at the interference before cracking his neck and beckoning towards the horde. "But you know us heroes. Never a moment of rest." 