Scout Beozoo's Log: One and a quarter Earth rotations

In all my adventures, I have never seen a world so treacherous and inhospitable to life. Not even on the lava-ridden moons of Oredah-3, and they don't even have atmospheres. 

What makes Earth more dangerous than an unbreathable bath of molten slag? The problem with Earth is that nothing on this fucking rock makes *any sense.*

If you do find yourself having to traverse the moons of Oredah-3, as I know the captain has made cadets do after they don't clean the internal warp, you know what to expect. You bring the enviro-suit from the left supply dock, set it to outrageously-overheat mode, and pray that the captain finds space in one of his five hearts to let you back on board once he gets bored. 

Enviro-suits don't mean shit on Earth. 

For the uneducated, the enviro-suit is designed to keep any sentient life in it's absolute optimal conditions within the bubble it creates, and protect it from any non-biological material outside of that bubble. The old versions used to keep biological matter out, but that was discontinued after an advisor used one to kill emperor Bleezawrd II by activating his bubble next to Bleezawrd. The front third of the emperor was outside of the bubble, and that was the part of him that fell forwards when the other two thirds were instantaneously vaporized. 

To make sure scouts were protected against biological matter but couldn't go around killing galaxy-leaders, the engineers put in place scanners that would read the brain-waves of whatever laid eyes (or whatever sensory input) on the suit. The suit then adjusts the wavelength of light to make the wearer appear non-hostile, and is a healthy stealth feature when one is trying to scout unknown worlds. 

So when I went to observe the humans in their strange ritual of feeding the gray winged beasts that seem to live on rock formations designed to look like other humans, they simply saw whatever their idea of the most harmless human looks like to them. 

At first I thought it was a leisurely and boring human activity that they use to not think about how dreadfully dull the average human life is. 

I was told that the humans were the ruling life form on the planet. 

I was lied to. 

Clearly they have to appease these sky devils in order to keep them from destroying society. In return for only staying on the human's sculptures of themselves, the humans must feed them grain, usually in the form of bread. As further evidence, they leave this job to the eldest of the species, as it is most likely the only thing keeping the birds from taking over. 

The suit has no data on these birds, and was able only able to compute from their brainwaves that grain is friendly. 

I came up on their sensors as a 'recently dropped kaiser roll'. 

The beasts were on me in an instant. 

I ran for shelter down a staircase that the humans use to keep their transport tubes safe, and have been here since. I have met many others who also take shelter down here, and they have been most kind to show me how to release excess coolant on benches. 

I will send an update the ship when I have figured out counter-measures to the birds. 

Regards, 

Scout Beozoo. 

&#x200B;