My eyes burned as I opened them, and i groaned, throwing my arm over my face. After lying on the ground for a few moments, i began to focus. I was staring at a ceiling covered in paintings and murals, gorgeous renditions of past artists, all bordered in carved gold. 
I sat up, my head pounding. "Ugh..."
Curiously, i reated on shining marble that stretched far ahead of me. On either side of the hall were wood walls, engraved and burned and carved into elegant designs id never seen before. 
"Where the hell am i?" I stood, and the floor swayed beneath me. i clumsily fumbled for balance. When my head finally chilled out, i spun around, taking in my surroundings, trying to retrace my steps. 
"Ok, so i went to the bar last night- or was it the night before? No, last night, it was Destiny's birthday. We drank... Did we smoke? Am i crossfading-" I let out a noise of realization. "Im having a weird-ass dream. Ok. Cool." I chuckled and clicked my tongue, looking down the hall. A small breeze came from that direction, and i could've sworn i heard a voice whistle passed my ear. 
I followed it, as any intelligent person would.
I came to a great pair of doors, 60 times my height and 50 times my width. The breeze came from between the doors, and seemed to whirl stronger than before. "Hm." I leaned against the doors, pushing my entire weight against them. Not a single budge.
"Wait, what am i doing? Im dreaming. I can just dream up a key, or better yet, dream them open!" I concentrated, my mind still slightly foggy. 'Open open open open'. Nothing. I pursed my lips. "Dreams are hard." I tried again to open them to no avail. Turning my back on the doors, i put my hands on my hips, thinking. 
A loud bang, and i spun around to see the doors had split open slightly. The voice was louder this time, and i was able to make out what it was saying: "Diana.... Diana...." Completely mystified, i slipped thru the crack in the doors.
The room inside seemed to create its own light, shimmering and gleaming. Swords and axes and hammers and armor lay strewn about. Typically, id be plucking each weapon up and stealing it away for myself, but none of them interested me. 
Instead, i was drawn to a pedestal, short and stout, with a cover draped over it. Some sort of object protruded from underneath, but i couldnt tell what it was at first glance. 
The breeze became a whirlwind, and it seemed like an army was screaming in my ears. "Use this weapon well. It was built and molded for your hands only. Only you can wield it. Generations we've waited for the master to arrive, and now youre here, claim whats yours!"
"Okie doke, mysterious voice." I pulled back the drape, and stood in silent disbelief.
"Its.... I...."
The voice disappeared as i picked up my chosen weapon: a 9-inch solid gold dildo