Hours had given way to days, days had given way to weeks, weeks had given way to... months? I had no way of telling how long I had been down here. There was no sunshine in the dungeon, just continual half-light from sputtering candles, casting eerie shadows on the damp flagstone floor. After a series of bloody battles, my enemy had captured me, and I had been subjected to a series of inhumane tortures, having been beaten, whipped and thrashed to within an inch of my life. My body no longer reacted to the pain, as my existence had been reduced to a dull throb throughout my entire body. 

The sound of shuffling from my cellmate drew my attention. Although I had no way of looking at myself, I had to imagine that I still looked in better shape than she did. Angry red welts were visible through her rags, her mouth was full of crooked and broken teeth and her hair hung lank and greasy. She had been here when I had arrived, and I judged she had been here for far longer than I. I had never discovered why she had been thrown into the dungeon, although I would wager it was on account of her madness. When I had first been thrown unceremoniously into my cell, she had cackled madly for hours, perhaps glad to have company other than the rats, but over time it almost seemed as though her madness had abated, and she had withdrawn into herself as much as I had. She coughed, a hacking, throaty cough likely due to the damp conditions we were kept in. I turned away from the wall and looked in her direction. It was bad enough being held in a cell with her, I didn't relish the idea of being in a cell with her corpse. I was mildly surprised to find her watching me intently. 

"You're still alive then," she wheezed. She was sitting in a squat on what passed for her cot, little more than a loose collection of straw. 

"I could say the same for you," I retorted. She simply smiled in response. Her rictus smile sent a shiver down my spine. Throughout our time in the cell together, we must have spent less than half an hour in conversation. 

"I'm surprised they've kept you alive," she stated, matter-of-factly, "You being an enemy of His Eminence." I suspected that the inflection as she spoke of the bastard child who had usurped my liege spoke volumes of where her own loyalties lay. 

"I was just a Captain," I replied, "Not even a noble one." I wondered how she knew how I was. I reasoned she must have overheard some of the guards talking on their rounds. 

"It hardly seems fair," she continued without pause, "Your king died on a forsaken field leagues away, and yet it is you who suffer the wrath of his bastard child. Perhaps there is a lesson there." I turned onto my back to regard the woman with more consideration. 

"What would you know of my Lord?" I said scathingly. She smirked at me, her eyes twinkling in the half-shadows. 

"More than you could possibly know," came her reply, but she then settled back into something of a stupor. A handful of minutes passed by. 

"Would you humor an old woman?" she asked plainly her attention fixed on me once again. I raised an eyebrow, and glanced at her. I was in no mood for intercourse. 

She rolled her eyes. "I don't want to fuck you," she responded harshly, "The gods only know when you last washed, and you aren't really my type." She cackled at her own joke for a few moments before coming to her senses again. She suddenly scuttled over to my side, far quicker than I would have given her credit for. I instinctively flinched. She came to a stop less than a handspan from my left arm. 

"If I gave you a way to escape, returned your strength and gave you a sword, would you cut your way out of this dungeon?" she rasped, her voice scarcely above a whisper. I furrowed my eyebrows as I tried to comprehend her question. It appeared the beatings had dulled my thoughts. 

"Are you a witch?" I finally managed, a dull feeling of terror rising slowly in my stomach. Suddenly I realised how small the room was, and here I was, trapped with either a mad woman or a witch. I wasn't sure what was worse. She cocked her head at me. 

"What kind of answer is that?" she asked. "Answer the question." As she spoke, she prodded me harshly in the ribs. I winced, and squirmed away from her, putting me up against the damp wall. 

"Answer," she barked. Involuntarily, my gaze darted towards the door, expecting the guards to come barging in to investigate the noise. When no one came, I turned back to the woman, who was intensely scrutinising my face. Moments passed, before I spoke my answer. 

"No," I responded, knowing in my heart as soon as I spoke that it was the truth. She made a small noise that sounded like 'hm' before she scuttled back to her cot. When she got there, she span and sat down, her back resting against the wall. 

"Why?" she asked, after watching me for a time. I watched her in return before responding. 

"Most of them are just guards, doing their job. I've seen it in their eyes, the moment they realise what the torturer is doing to me. It sickens them, yet if they spoke up, they would find themselves in my place, or worse, a loved one would wind up there. I can't blame them for that," I said finally, surprising myself at the amount of words still in me. I thought I had screamed them all out. 

" And the others?" she prodded with her question. She spoke of the torturers, and the ones who took enjoyment in the misery of others. I took a moment before answering.

"No, not even them," I responded. She arched her eyebrow at me once again.

"Why not?" she continued, using her words to pry open my mind. I began to wonder if she was a spy, someone planted in the cell to obtain the information that the torturers could not. I shrugged in my mind, I was trapped in here with her until the wooden door to our cell swung open, and the torture started anew.

"I don't think they know true happiness," I said eventually, letting my gaze drop to the floor, "I think they are hollow inside, and pain is the only thing that fills the void. I imagine they will die old, and alone, with no one around them to celebrate their life, and that is a fate worse than death." Silence filled the gap between us, and it felt like several minutes before she spoke again.

"You are destined to die in this cell," she said, matter-of-factly. I nodded. So there it was, she was working with them. I looked up to find her staring intently into the corner of the room, as though thinking deeply. For an assassin, she was peculiarly lethargic. Suddenly, her gaze whipped back to me, and I felt pinned to the floor, scarcely able to breathe.