Damn. I didn't get a chance to ask him how he was doing. Maybe he was stumped because he couldn't think about it often enough. Not enough time. Maybe he is successful as shit and didn't bother to think of something great to say. Not enough fucks. Who knows? Best not to think about it.

I'll just live my life the way I was gonna do it before the call. This call doesn't have to change anything about my life. I'm no believer in fate, to me, its whatever happens just happens. No rhyme or reason to it. And maybe that's fate to some people, but I tend to think fate has some source in intention and purpose. It implies there is something pulling the strings. That just doesn't work for me. 

I didn't have a five-year plan. I won't. I refuse. Its a waste of my time to think about the future. Jeez. I can't believe I am even fucking writing all these silly ass thoughts out on this grimy laptop keyboard.

Keep things short. Relax. I think I'm having a panic attack.

Breathe. That's better.

Now, where did I take that call? Where am I now?

Outside now, but there's no phone. Just concrete and trees. A street sign seems to think I'm on Veterans Drive. Makes sense, that's near my house. But when did I walk out here?

Hmm.

Confusing. Worrying. 

I guess it was the panic attack. That would make sense. I could have blacked out, have it look and act something like sleepwalking. 

The walk home is a short jaunt up a hill. Cars are streaming towards me as they pass. Lights come and go. The night is young and the passengers are heading into town, for fun presumably.

Maybe I could tell myself to go out more! Socialize and be normal. Laugh at things when I'm not listening, because I have to prepare for what I'm going to say next. I've got to blow these cute girls away with my humor, but I want those cool dudes to respect me too. Can't only talk to the girls.

That would help. Why didn't he tell me that?

I turn around and get wasted at the bar. I wake up next to a trash can on the beach. I can't remember a thing.

