I was driving back from work when a blinding light came out of nowhere!  I heard the sound of my engine dying right before I passed out.  

When I came to, I was stretched flat out on some kind of cold metal slab.  A spotlight was bearing down on me from the ceiling, the beam just wide enough that the restraints holding my wrists and ankles were out of view.  With the light in my eyes, all I could make out of the room around me were weird lights and sounds that were unlike any technology I knew of on Earth.  This was clearly a cliche alien abduction... well, except for one thing.

There was another spotlight illuminating a heavyset hairy bearded man in the room wearing a "School of Rock" T-shirt.  He just stood there a few feet away, staring at me, eating a bag of chips.  He looked oddly familiar.  In fact, his face was on the T-shirt.  But... it couldn't be!  That doesn't make any sense.  I decided it did not matter, I just wanted out of this situation.

The restraints holding me to the slab seemed pretty solid, so I thought I would try diplomacy.  "Hey, could you let me go?"  The man actually snorted and guffawed.  "Scha right, dude.  Listen, you got yourself into this situation, you gotta get yourself out."  He shoveled another handful of chips into his mouth.

I just started at him incredulously.  What the Hell was he talking about?  But more importantly, his attitude matched to a tee.  There was no longer any doubt: that was Jack fucking Black.  Either that, or somebody who could do good enough of an impression to fool me!  Anger rose to the gravity of my situation.  Jack was no help at all!  Fine, I'll get myself out of this! 

I started struggling on the slab, writhing and straining against my restraints.  Jack saw what I was doing and really got into it.  "Yeah!  I dig it, dude!  Right ooon!"  He started dancing around the slab, spotlight following him, head-banging, pelvic thrusting, throwing up the horns, making all sorts of weird guttural grunts and noises I didn't even think a human body could make.  

I had to admit, his energy was infectious.  No wonder this man was a star of television and film.  I redoubled my efforts, tugging harder on my restraints.  "Yeah, you're doing it, way to go dude!" hooted Jack.  I tugged and strained every muscle in my body, ignoring the pain, pulling harder and harder on my restraints until...

...nothing.  My strength gave out, and I sagged against the slab in an exhausted heap.  Jack chided me, "Oooh, dude.  You *almost* had it."  He crossed his arms and pretended to be cross with me, a grin betraying he just thought my captivity was one big joke.

"Just let me out of these fucking restraints!" I wheezed, still angry but spent.

Jack was right next to me in a flash, his colossal head hovering barely a foot from mine.  His sweaty breath spilled over me as he began to coo and coddle me like I was a child.  "Aww, shh shh, it's okay little dude, it's not your fault the big bad slab beat your wimpy ass, it's alright man, this is gunna be fine, it's all just a dream."

My anger was replaced by hope.  "Really?", I squeaked.

Jack's expression slowly transformed into a huge shit-eating grin.  I was then treated to a panoramic view of his bulk as he reared back from the slab to unleash a gigantic belly laugh!  Then, just as suddenly, he surged forward and slammed me right in the forehead with a savage head-butt!  

"*Jack Black you fucking asshole..!*" I thought, as consciousness faded from my body.

I awoke in a hospital bed, drenched in sweat, my head killing me.  I saw next to my bed the backs of two concerned orderlies monitoring my vitals on nearby equipment.  I pieced together my situation and decided I must have been in some kind of car accident, and my sweating body and head injury must have made their way into my dream.  Thank God it was finally over, now maybe I can recover.

One of the orderlies turned to me and noticed I was awake.  What happened next turned my sweat cold. 

"Guess who's up and ready for his sponge bath?!" screeched 90s-era Pauly Shore.  

The other orderly turned and pointed both hands at me ironically.  "THIS dude!" intoned Jack Black.

As they high fived each other and came for me, I had two thoughts.  The first is that this must be purgatory.  The second was that I didn't like the direction my afterlife was going.