I was walking down the street listening to music on my phone when he attacked me. I mean I had heard of Ultraman, or is it UltraDude? Who hadn’t? I had never expected him to attack me, not with so many other metas out there actually doing evil deeds. I mean, I had taken over the world once, back in the day. It had been too much work though, so I had just went back to my normalish life after less than a month.

Either way, I was just minding my own business when he came flying out of the sky with his super strength, super speed, and super idiocy. I was just walking over to Ruebans for some lunch. There was this really cool chick that worked there, Susan. She was like the only person that didn’t freak out if I suddenly removed her clothes. Of course, half the reason I did it was for that reaction, but I was too lazy to do that today. 

“Paahhh..” I sighed as I got out of the crater he created when he hit me. I was, as far as I knew it, the most powerful meta on the planet. I could control energy. Any and all energy was under my control. By the way, did you know that matter was just another form of energy? Also the powers that all metas had were easily understood, and mimicked when one could control energy.
“Oh. It’s you.” I said looking at the red and blue tight covered douche bag.
“This is you last day of freedom fiend! I have..”
“Yea, yea.” I interrupted his diatribe, while walking away from him and dismissing him with a wave. As I did, I sorted through his energy, and removed every one of his powers. 

“Oh! What?!?” I heard from behind me.

“Welcome to being a normal dude, UltraMoron!” I said, laughing at my stupid joke. This stupidity had thoroughly bored me, and I was now hungry for Italian. And so, I turned myself in massless energy and transported myself to Italy, at the speed of light.

I saw my favorite restaurant, and it had a huge line. It was dinner time here after all. I just walked past them, and when the host tried to stop me. I just made myself gaseous and slid around him, I also removed his clothes for good measure.

I went straight for my favorite table, and when I got there tapped the dude on the shoulder and pointed for him to leave. I didn’t know Italian, so I settled for gestures. When he and his date did not move to leave right away, I made their drinks and food vanish, and then pointed to the door again. Well not vanish, I turned it into air. Which is about seventy percent Nitrogen, twenty Oxygen, and, well you get the point.

The man stood, I could tell that he was angry, he was yelling at me in what I assumed was Italian. I yawned in his face, and made their clothes disappear. This worked wonderfully, and the quickly moved towards the exit. I put the out of my mind, and sat down. Time for lunch!

