Another day of work done and I’m cruising home in my car. The warm sun graces my face, but I’m too tired to fully appreciate it. Songs that I once liked play on my stereo, but I keep skipping to the next song in hopes of it being the one that makes me feel something again. I settle on some old tune with an easy beat to accompany me for the short ride.

Just like the day before, and I’m sure the same will happen the day after, I pull through the same intersections, one after the other. From the far right of my awareness an increasingly loud truck horn breaks up the monotony as it blares and time slows to a crawl. While its two headlights careen into the side of my car, the only reaction my body could muster was to close my eyes and brace for impact.

Time speeds up again and in an instant my body is flung as my car is mangled. I finally come to a rest, seemingly still alive. “Oh great, another thing to deal with” I think. I have yet to open my eyes while I take deep breaths, as my dad taught me when I was a little boy, and assess the state I’m in. My body hurts, but surprisingly not as much as I thought it would. It must be all of the adrenaline pumping through my veins.

I become aware of the sensations around my body: the asphalt holding me up, the cold breeze on my face and skin, and the loudening of panicked voices. With my eyes still closed I think “this can’t be good, my body was flung from the car and people are shrieking”. In an act of courage I finally open my eyes. In my peripheral vision people are running around, but the attention is not on me at all.

Slightly confused I start assessing my body once again. It’s sore, but not worse than anything I’ve been through before. It feels different in a way I can’t quite put my finger on. To my delight I can move my arm with no pain. I brave through the next experiment: my legs are fully functional, too! They feel weaker, but I’ll take it! Finally I roll over and slowly raise my whole body to stand, and it works, with no pain at all! My balance is a little bit off, as if I hadn’t stood up in a long time.

Tired, but excited and relieved, I look around and people are running in the street. But this is not a street I’ve ever seen before, how did I get here? My car isn’t even here, nor is the truck that hit me. Why is everyone wearing winter clothes in this strange place? “Ma’am, ma’am!!” a man yells as he runs up to me “no one knows who they are, it’s like we all switched bodies!” My eyes widened and my jaw dropped in shock as I took a step back and instinctively put my hand on my chest to feel an unfamiliar feeling there, a breast.