**Part One (Part Two, Three, Four, Five & Six in Comments)**

The pills were heavy in my hands. I moved them around my palm, watching them bump into one another. Dim light spilled into my bedroom as I took in a deep breath. I knew Mom was cooking breakfast and Dad was at work, desperately trying to make enough money for us to live... but this wasn't living. We were already dead, moving through the motions of survival to be able to afford just another miserable day... and I couldn't do it anymore.

"Steph?" Mom called through my door, "Honey did you take your medication? Food is ready!" She tapped on the door. I swallowed the lump in my throat. 

"Yeah," I said, "I just took them now. I'm getting dressed."

"Okay hun," She said, "Just hurry up or you'll be late." 

I nodded. I could hear her footsteps disappear around the corner. I glanced at the rash on my arm. I wondered what it would be like to have it spread over my body. I wondered what it felt like to die... to finally let the disease kill me. Would it be pain or peace? 

I shook my head, I didn't want to think about it anymore. These pills had ruled my life since I was five. They had clouded my mind and made me afraid each and every day. It was time to let go. Time to be free.

Walking over to my trash can I tipped my hand so the pills fell into the bin. I threw some tissues over them and fell onto my bed. I put my hands over my face. The Department of Disease control warned us that the symptoms would become worse within four hours of missing our dose. That the rash would slowly cover our entire body as fluids filled our lungs. We would be suffocated by our own insides... it wasn't a pleasant death they warned... but is any death not painful? 

---

I sat in the car for a moment with my Mom. She glanced at me and turned off the engine. 

"What is it?" she said, reaching over and pushing my hair off my brow. "Come on Steph, you can tell me." 

I met her eyes. They were bright and blue. I tried to remember what it was like to see them for the first time. I wish I could remember what it was like to grow inside her and feel her heart so close to me. It made my own heart hurt knowing how much pain I was about to cause her... but it was a valiant choice wasn't it? So that she and Dad could actually have a life. 

"I'm just... I'm worried about my test today." I said. "I don't think I studied enough." 

"Oh," Mom said, "Well hun, I know how much you study and I can tell you'll be just fine. Now off you go. I'll pick you up at 3:00." 

I reached over and hugged her like I had never hugged her before. I took in a deep breath of the smell of her hair and her perfume. She always wore the same kind... ever since I was a baby. 

"Bye Mom," I said. 

"See you later hun." She said. 

I opened the car door and walked towards the school, trying to not let the tears hiding behind my eyes pool over the sides. I walked with my head down towards the door and, once I was sure Mom's car had gone, I turned my direction towards the forest.

I didn't stop walking until I was deep within the trees. The forest floor was riddled with old newspapers and signs that were historical relics of the time before the Monarchy. I continued with the turning paths until I found a little clearing filled with flowers and bright sunlight. I dropped my bag to the side and glanced at my watch: two hours. It had been two hours since I had missed my medication. I sat down and then laid back in the grass. I allowed the sunshine to warm my face. I tried to focus on how the grass felt against my skin. How the breeze swept my hair. I wasn't sure what I would miss most about living. My life had been filled with suffering just like everyone else. Perhaps death would finally be the escape we had all bee seeking. Maybe that's why the disease happened in the first place.

Three hours.

My heart was pounding faster than ever before. I could feel an itch against my skin, as if I had been bitten by some little bugs. My vision became sharper as my mind began to feel more alive. I felt like I couldn't breath. The air seemed thinner. Perhaps the liquid was finally filling my lungs.

Four hours.

It should be any moment now. I tried to brace myself for the pain but I wasn't quite sure how one did that. Thinking about it definitely made it worse, but you only die once so maybe I want to focus on every moment of it and try to enjoy it for the human experience that it was? It should all happen soon... it was just a matter of minutes.  

Five hours.

I waited. The sun had moved in the sky. Birds were singing happily. I kept my eyes closed. The pain should kick in any time now. That's what all the reports stated when they found bodies of the people who could no longer afford the drugs.

"Exactly four hours after he had missed his daily dose the newest disease victim was found my the Department of Disease control. His body completely blue from suffocation. Let this be a reminder and a warning to all, take your medications on time or this body could be yours."

Six hours.

I sat up and looked around. I glanced at my watch. It had been six hours. SIX. Maybe my body was just better at keeping the treatment drug in my system. Or maybe the disease was weaker in me. I looked at my rash but it wasn't there anymore. I pulled up my shirt. My skin was clearer than it had ever been. There were no aches or spots. The pains that had filled my head had seemed to escape out my ears. I pushed my hair off my brow and took in a deep breath. 

Something was buzzing. I reached into my backpack to get my phone. Mom's face was on the screen with her contact name under it. I answered it and held it to my ear shaking only slightly.

"Hello?" 

"Stephanie," Mom's voice said, "Hun I'm at the school to pick you up. Where are you? Your Principal said you missed all your classes today." 

"I'm sorry," I said, the tears actually falling from my eyes now. "I... I went for a walk in the woods today because I was so nervous for my test and I got lost and then when i finally found my way it didn't make sense to go back to the school."

Mom sighed. "It's okay hun are you at the school now, are you okay?"

"I'm fine." I said. "I'll be there soon. But can we talk to the Principal about this tomorrow? I just want to go home."

"Okay, okay," she cooed. "It'll be alright. Just get to the school, we'll go home and talk about it. Call me in a few minutes so I know not to worry." 

I stood up. My legs felt stronger, as if my aching muscles had healed themselves. I began to walk back to the school but I felt the sudden desire to be running. I suddenly had so much energy. I felt like I could climb a tree or jump to the stars. I laughed as I ran, doing cartwheels and jumping over junk. I felt alive. Like truly alive. But what did it all mean? 

Mom was waiting for me outside the school. She had an expression on her face that was a mix between concern and worry. She opened her arms as I approached and hugged me tightly. 

"I was very worried," she said, "I'm glad you are alright." 

I hugged her tightly. When I pulled away I noticed something about her that I hadn't before. She seemed almost robotic. There wasn't much about her and her expressions were minor to non-existent. We walked towards the car and she began to drive again making me think about a robot. But now that I was paying attention, everyone looked like a robot, or like they were sleep walking. They performed tasks and went about their business. But they seemed... well it was hard to say exactly what they were like, but it made me uncomfortable.

"Mom," I said, "Are you feeling alright?"

"Yes of course," Mom said, "I have never felt so good since the Drug to help the disease was invented. It almost killed me you know." 

"No i don't know," I said, "What happened?" 

"Well," Mom said, "One day at work everyone in the office developped this horrible rash all over their bodies. And that evening the news was talking about it and how it was a non-curable disease that had taken over the *entire* world. It was hard to believe at first, but the rash was getting worse and my body felt so weak. Once the pill was invented and distributed to everyone, we all got better! But it's a shame there isn't a real cure."

"Yeah," I said. 

As I looked out the window I saw what I knew was a normal occurrence but now that I was actually paying attention felt odd. Billboards advertising the drug and the dangers of the disease were everywhere. They struck fear into even my heart. Was this all just propaganda? What the hell was going on?  

As we turned a corner there was a very disturbing image of a decomposing blue body. 

"Don't want this to happen to you? Remember the daily drug dose is two!" 

On the streets I could see members of the "Department of Disease control" walking up and down the streets fully armed. I avoided their eyes and continued to look forwards. I was ready to die today, but instead I was reborn. And now I knew I had to do something... but what? 

Thanks so much for reading! The story is continued in the comments and if you'd like to read more by me please check out my other comments in r/writingprompts! 