This is my first time doing one of these, I am a English major just beginning my schooling. Please tell me what you think! :)


Class ran late today, which means I missed my normal train. Not that that is a bad thing, just means that by the time he gets to the diner for dinner most people will be gone. The downside, though, is that they may be out of pie. Today is Thursday, they usually have peach cobbler on Thursdays, my favorite! Just like predicted, the diner is almost dead.
“I was beginning to wonder if you were sick, sweetheart! You almost missed all the pie, and I know  it’s your favorite!” Lilly, my best friend and the most experienced waitress at her deceased grandparents diner, L&A’s Diner. 
“Class ran late. I’m so glad you saved me a slice! You’re the best! Who’s the new girl? She’s beautiful!” I reply, climbing into my normal barstool, trying not to be too obvious as I check the new girl out. She was tall, lean and looked flawless; her legs said she was a runner; her butt, a volleyball player. That was all i could see until she finished taking the table’s order that she was covering. 
“Oh! She just started Monday! That’s Amy, I guess she was Gran’s sisters’ daughter, or something like that. She just moved here from Cali, super sweet! You should meet her, she may be your type!” Lily teases with a wink before rushing off to place my order with the cook; Meatloaf, mashed potatoes with the brown gravy on the side and an extra side of green beans. As soon as Lily left I checked back to eagerly wait for Amy to turn around so I could inspect her, but she was already gone, placing her tables’ order. Since there wasn’t a point in waiting, I pulled out my Psychology homework; might as well do it now. Not even five minutes into homework i see a set of perfectly manicured red nails in front of me trying to see what I’m reading. I slowly look up taking in each sight as they come. D cups, very nice and well defined cleavage through the salmon colored v-neck t-shirt, a black chocker around her neck and those eyes. Baby blue and so mysterious; but spooky, with a hint of death almost. Shivers instantly went down my back, death has never scared me, being an orphan most of my life, but it was odd to see such darkness in such bright beautiful eyes. I was breathless for a moment, and probably had a very stupid look on my face, judgeing by the snickering in the distance. 
“So you’re Jenny? The girl Lily doesn’t shut up about?” Her face very oblivious to my facial expression.
“What? I mean...umm...yes! I’m Jenny, you’re….Amy, right?” I stutter, trying to get back in control. “She doesn’t really talk non-stop about me...right?” I blush.
She giggles at my blushing and softly caresses my cheek with her ice cold, pale hand, sending instant shivers down my back. 
We continue talking through the night, keeping me here til close, which is something I never do. We talked about everything! My schooling, where I wanted to take it, California, why she came to this small town and whatever else came up.
	“Hey, I don’t want to impose, but I’m so new here and taking the bus home alone kind of creeps me out, would you mind coming with me?” I everything but cut her off, I knew that I wanted to get to know her more, and I knew these streets so well that nothing scared me. I agreed and off we went. The bus was empty, which was nice, easier to continue talking.
	“Can I ask you something?” She said a couple minutes into the ride, breaking the silence I so awkwardly couldn’t fix without making it worse.
	“Anything!” I smiled and looked into her eyes, trying to hide the shivers they gave me.
	“What do you think of death?”
	“Oh, I don’t know. I’ve never really thought about it. It’s something that I’ve been so close to so many times. I dont’ think Lily told you, but before her family took me in when I was 8, I was an orphan to drug addicted parents that got me addicted too. I had a rough childhood because of it, I was in and out of school and my mom was a doctor before the drugs consumed her. So she always knew what to do when I accidentally overdosed a couple times. I feel like death and I used to be great friends,” I chuckled, “Why do you ask?”
	“I am death.” she said as she looked me straight in the eyes. “But don’t be scared! I’m not here for business, I’m here for pleasure.”