He laid there in bed, unable to sleep. Normally he would have dosed off by now, but tonight was different. 

His thoughts kept steering towards that phone. His sixth sense, or whatever it was, kept telling him not to take it. However for the first time, in what might have been forever, he did the opposite. Now the cellphone lay in his backpack, untouched and unsearched. 

He batted the idea of looking through it away, focusing instead on getting to bed. The steps were laid out in his minds eye, like always. Flip the pillow, sip the water to his left, face the wall, and close his eyes. Soon enough, he was drifting off to sleep.

He awoke to a sharp sound an hour later. It was coming from his backpack. He swiftly got up and began creeping towards it. A shift to the right to avoid a creaky floorboard. A step to the left, narrowly dodging the edge of the dresser. He grabbed his backpack and unzipped the front pocket, pulling the phone out.

There was a text message. The contact was only labeled as “13.”

“Where the hell are you? The police are on my ass.” The text read.

Before he even had time to consider his options, the phone beeped again. Another text message.

“Your location says your at 320 Aspen Street. You know what? I’m heading your way, be ready to run.”

Well shit. He looked over his possible choices, and an idea presented itself. 

384 steps. The first few involving stuffing clothes into his bag, grabbing his moms purse from downstairs, and leaving through the backdoor. 

He was in a cold sweat. Hands trembling, and heart pounding. Even so, he couldn’t put the phone down.

He focused, searching for another plan. Nothing new came of it, only different facets of the same process. Accounting for variables and contingencies, in case of deviation. 

He hurried to his dresser and opened the second drawer, taking socks, shirts, and pants. Stuffing them into his bag, he crept downstairs.

Hurrying through the living room, he made his way to his moms purse. He grabbed her wallet, and found twenty bucks. It would have to do. 

He barely made into the kitchen and towards the back door before he heard it.

The faint sound of heavy boots on the deck, followed by three knocks at the front door.