“I have summoned and bound you, demon!  You will listen and obey.”

“Uh, sure.  Whatever you say, boss.”  Michael tried to make out some features of whatever was talking but it was obscured by a dark, heavy robe complete with a hood.  “I do whatcha ask and then you send me back.  You’ll send me home, right?”

“I am the master here!  I will say when you go.”

“Well that’s not fair.  Not fair at all.  I was just sitting, drinking a beer after work and poof.  I’m here.  I didn’t know I could even poof.  And hell, you didn’t even poof my beer.  I would appreciate a beer after being poofed.”

“You will spoke when spoken to!”

“Ah, to hell with this.”  Michael took a step but hit something that felt like cling wrap pulled off leftovers heated in a microwave.  It was uncomfortably warm but not hot enough to burn.  

“My wards bind you!  I am the master here.  I am your master.”

“I said, to hell with this!”  He dropped his shoulder, braced and pushed forward.  The cling wrap stuck to him but it snapped in a moment.  He grabbed the robed figure by the collar and picked it up, a little shocked by how light it was.  

“The wards.  The books said they’d work.  The wards, they can’t be broken.  The wards...”

“Knock it off,” Michael roared.  He pulled its hood down.  “Well, you ain’t nothing but I child.  I mean, you an ugly child, but just a child.”  

“I am no such thing.  I am Olassin, head of House Olazuim, the third of his name.  I have ruled for two decades and brought my house fortune and fame.”

“Forturne and fame huh?”  Michael sniggered.  “You think I’m a demon.  And moreso, you meant to bring me here.  Folks doing well don’t need to seek out demons.”   

Olassin shuffled its feet.  It opened its mouth and then closed it again, dropping its gaze to the floor.  

“That’s what I thought.”  Michael put the little child-man down and asked, “You can poof me back here any time, right?”

Olassin nodded.

Michael let out a long, exaggerated sigh.  “I’m going to fix your problem, whatever it is, and in return, you send me home and never poof me again.  Agreed?”

Olassin nodded, a grin suddenly on its face.  

“But first, you gonna poof my beer for me.  I’m gonna need it to get through this crap.”

edit: typo