The rules must be followed.

As the girl's drunken father stumbled down the stairs into the living room, I couldn't help but reflect with amusement at the circumstances. I had just been talking with a fellow demon about this *very scenario* last week, and here it was, manifesting itself in reality.

It isn't very often that we demons are given a little bit of free reign, so when those moments arise... well, you tend to appreciate them.

I'm one of the legion assigned to answer Big Boss's calls for service. He gets thousands a day, and just like the other big dude in red, he can't be there to answer them all personally. So he has delegates do it for him to keep the ball rolling.

Think of us as really, really bad mall Santas. 

Anyhow, because we aren't 'technically' the ones the people are making the deal with, we have to abide by the specific terms set by the requestor. This is to help make things 'fair' for all involved, should the matter come under dispute later. There are rules about who can or can't make requests of the big guy.

For example, insane people are a no-go. Boss was emphatic on this one, crazies were a non-starter. Something about not being able to make a rational decision or some other crap. During the last meeting, he drilled that one into us, literally. Black and Decker 12 Volt, sure got the point across.

Another example: Kids. The whole problem arises when you consider that each kid is different... some are more mature than others, despite chronological age. Some kids don't have enough life experience to make a rational decision that's based in experience and cold hard logic. It makes it hard to judge if a kid is mature enough for the deal to 'stick' if it ever gets disputed. So the boss erred on the side of safety and set a hard chronological age limit: Nobody under the age of 10 was ever eligible to make a deal with him. Ever. 

I guess, in hindsight, the rules were there to make our jobs easier, despite our moaning about them. But sometimes... just sometimes... those annoying rules worked to our advantage as mall santas. 

Like I said before, I'd been chatting with Larry between calls last week and asked him if he'd ever had to respond to a kid's request. He said he hadn't yet, but he had a plan on what he'd do if he *was* summoned. So we chatted for a bit, and came up with some ideas on what *I* would do. While we were going over the rules, we found something very interesting, which I ended up mentally filing away for a rainy day. 

As I crouched with the crying little girl in the pink dress with the black eye and bleeding lip, I noted with some irony that the living room window was streaked with rain. Guess the devil really *is* in the details.

"Sweetie," I said quietly, "I can't make a deal to help you. You're too little, and the rules won't let me. But I want you to do me a favour."

She looked at me with fear and despair as we both heard her dad lose his footing and fall partway down the stairs to the landing. He cursed and shuffled, trying to pick his drunk ass up off the floor. 

"What is it?" she asked with a terrified whisper.

"Ask me to explain the rules. If you ask, I have to explain. It's the Boss's... rule."

"How will that help??" she asked, on the verge of tears.

"Just trust me," I said with the least-threatening smile I could muster. 

"BECKY! Get your ass up here!" came the drunken slur. "Daddy's feelin' frisky!"

She stared at me with pleading eyes. "Please! Help me!"

"Trust me, sweetie. Just ask me to explain the rules."

Her eyes widened to the size of dinner plates as her drunken, molester father rounded the corner. "OK! Please explain the rules to me!" she shrieked.

I turned from her cowering form to that of her fat, drunken father. As I did I grew from the tiny two-foot tall black shadow into a 9-foot tall, 500 pound mass of muscle, sinew and rage. 

"Gladly, my dear," came the deep bass rumble from my new form.

What she didn't know was, the boss wanted to make sure that those selling their souls had no recourse. No 'out', if you will. So he had a laundry list of conditions that had to be imposed, and each person selling their soul had to be explicitly aware of the conditions before they could agree to sell. To help expedite the process, there was a rule in place stating demons could use 'any abilities or demonstrations necessary' to ensure that the terms and conditions were correctly explained.

It never said that we couldn't explain the terms to people who were excluded for other reasons. And it didn't say how we would do the explaining, or how long it needed to take.

As the drunk man stopped in his tracks and stared at me I reached out with one clawed hand, grabbing him by the throat from across the room. With telepathic powers, I closed my hand around his neck and lifted him off the ground. He gasped and gurgled, like a fish out of water. Becky stared in rapt fascination and, dare I say it, a little bit of glee. Daddy was finally getting a taste of what it felt like to be a helpless victim.

"Section 1 of 1, 252, 339. Paragraph one," I said in a voice that was a low rumbling mix between Darth Vader and Michael Clarke Duncan.

"These terms and conditions are mandatory and non-negotiable by all parties involved, and shall be forever and irrevocably binding," I said, squeezing dad's neck until he turned purple and his eyes started to bulge out of his head.

The rules must be followed.