Sitting at the table were living nightmares, and they were starving.

The Man of Smiles drummed his fingers against the table constructed of bone, held together with thick sinews. He wore an inhumanly wide grin but radiated an aura of displeasure. Though his eyes had been gouged from their sockets he looked at his compatriots as if he could see them clearly.

At his left was a Melting Man, skin and muscle dripped off his body like wax from a flaming candle; his body had been whole at the meetings start, and when he was nothing but goo on the floor he would again be reborn. The Siren sat across from him; she was a child of the Dreamlands and a creature of endless form, today she sat as a small girl creating and destroying a galaxy within the palm of her small child-like hands. And to his right was The Shade, a faint shadowed outline and more a presence than a person; two crimson eyes lay focused on the Man of Smiles like all the others.

"Why have you called us here, jester?" The Siren's voice was like that of a child. She wore a wicked smile and her eyes flicked the galaxy in her hand before shattering the spiraling galaxy she had just created.

"Best hurry. While I still have ears." Bob was always the agreeable type, a rare trait in most Melting Men.

Leaning forward in his chair of bone the Man of Smiles raised the palms of his hands, revealing the monstrously grinning mouths on the inner palms of his hands. He presented a smile to each of them before answering.

"I want my dinner back."

His right hand was swatted away as half of Bob's face fell away. The Siren laughed.

"We all do, jester. But supply dwindles daily." The Shade's voice came from everywhere all at once, creeping in the ear and chilling the spine.

"Right now we just haf to shtick to the rationing schedule and hope the po-leece find the kids." Bob's missing half was making him slur. The Siren laughed, perhaps at the comment, perhaps at his slur.

"You really trust humans to get our food supply back? These ignorant, doubting, easily distracted filth!?" All three of his mouths had begun talking and the cacophony of his voice silenced the three guests.

"What are you proposing?" The Siren's voice had grown to that of a woman's though her body remained the same.

"Simple. We go out and get them back ourselves." Leaning back in his chair the Man of Smiles crossed his arms across his chest, his leathery black skin creaking slightly.

"That's insanity, jester!" The Shade's voice had risen louder than before, fear was so heavy in it one could almost taste the emotion.

"Yeah, we aren't as powerful out there. I don't know if I'd-" Bob's sentence was cut short as his jaw slowly slid from place with an unpleasant squelching sound. 

The Siren picked up his sentenced. "Who knows if Bob would even come back out there. And I sure as hell can't do this out there." She once again created and destroyed a whole galaxy, the flickering purple-red flecks of shattered worlds drifted onto the table before vanishing.

"There is no reward without a little risk, Siren. I for one miss eating more than once a damn week. But I chose you three specifically because you each owe me a favour of great magnitude, and I'm collecting." Though it seemed impossible his wicked grin widened just a little.

Silence fell between the four nightmare beings before Siren finally let out a loud sigh, her voice having once again returned to that of a child.

"I guess I do owe you, you demon jester." She stood up, her body changed completely. She now stood nearly nine feet tall with six spider-like legs and a bulbous abdomen for a bottom half, a pale skinned woman with six eyes as her upper portion. "At least I get a good meal out of this."

The rest of the squadron of nightmares stood, Bob gave the Man of Smiles a thumbs up before reaching down to pick up the part of his jaw that had fallen off. He tried to wrestled it back in place while walking towards the exit to their small meeting room.

"Do not get overconfident, jester." The Shade spoke now barely more than a whisper that only the Man of Smiles could hear, "the human world is a more dangerous place than you know. My kind have haunted the dark corners of their world for eons, I have seen more of them than you and trust me when I tell you this. Do not underestimate them."

Without waiting for a pithy response the Shade flitted away like a casual breeze, barely visible.

"Alright team. Lets go save some kids."