Within the warm brown hand of Itri, the weapon was the most damnedest thing he saw. His patron had slipped it into his hand when it was his turned to be acknowledged at the trial of the twenty-two. Out of all the weapons Itri had seen, the fool's felt so inadequate against them. He had seen curved swords with serrated edges and runes of flame that burned down the center of the black metal. He had seen long chain whips with prongs that could punch through armor and which lightning would ride down the length so that if the puncture did not kill a man, the electricity would finish them off. He tilted the pistol, he admitted, even though it was not the most opportune moment to appraise the artifact granted to him by a god, the pistol looked great.

The frame of the gun was carved out of smooth ivory that secured a dark gray barrel to the pistol. Near the end of the metal tube, where the breach and the touch hole were located, gold leaf decorated the metal in a flowery pattern. The end of the barrel was not shaped like a normal pistol, it had no rounded end. Instead, the barrel had been shaped to the face of a man with a wide-open maw in which hell could erupt from. By Itri's reckoning whatever destruction it could wreak paled as a streak of blue lit up his face. He could hear the cry of a man struck by the Empress' Handmaiden, the woman with the whip. He blinked and looked up across the field of battle to see she had slain the Emperor's man, the one with the mace. Itri recalled that if that mace had even touched a subject, their bones would turn to dust. He had to congratulate the smart move on the Handmaiden, she dealt with the threat quick.

The other bodies had littered the arena. Quite the spectacle, Itri had to agree from where he stood in the corner. All twenty-two were to be joined in a battle, but he noticed most had gone after each other. Eager to bring down the greater threats before turning on the Fool's man with his little pistol. Itri had to thank the Handmaiden and the way she brought the whip down. She had actually killed the Tower's spearman as he sized up Itri for the kill. What did the Tower's spear even do? Itri thought. He imagined it did something better than his pistol. He jerked his head up as he heard the soft whistle overhead. The prongs of the Handmaid's whip lashed out towards him. If he had not jumped behind the column it may have been all over. The prongs buried themselves deep into the dark green marble. He could hear the clink of chains as she tried to extract the barbed end.

"Uhm... would... would you take my surrender?" Itri asked.

"I would. Just kneel before me and I'll make it quick." The Handmaid said after she grunted and pulled at the chain.

"I would have preferred that I survive my surrender," He stepped around. Her hair was a mound of curled brunette against the soft fawn-skin. With a sudden jerk, she had pulled the whip's prongs from the column. The chain sailed and fell behind her as she turned to face him. Itri had the pistol drawn, the barrel-shaped as the Fool's head pointed at her.

"You think that bullet could travel quick enough before my tip found you?" She asked, her eyes narrowed.

"Well, I guess for my sake I better hope so." He squeezed the trigger before she could carry her threat. There was a jerk of the ivory pistol followed by a puff of gray smoke. As the fog cleared he saw a flag had sprung from the pistol. The cloth was was red with words in white: BANG!

"Heh... the Fool's gift mocks you," The Handmaid laughed once... then twice. Then she burst into laughter, her long hair whipped behind her as she continued to laugh. At first, the laugh had sound forced, urged on by her contempt for Itri the Fool's Champion. But as she continued he found her laugh had turned genuine and then maddening, a constant guffaw that reverberated and echoed off the walls until it was not only her laugh but the laugh of hundreds. It was a laughter of contempt, but Itri found it was no longer laughter at him, but laughter at the entire bloody spectacle that had filled the arena. When it all ended, it ended in a few errant giggles as she lowered her head and he saw blood run down her nose and in her eyes.

"Heh..." was the Empress' Handmaiden's last word before she pitched forward and landed hard on the stone ground. Itri stood alone. He looked above to see the assemblage of the Gods who had begun to clap for him.