“You'd have had to have been there, man.” 

At that point, Dennis turned back to the concoction in the toilet. He really wasn't that bad at brewing. I mean, given the lack of proper tools and raw materials, the man could make a mean batch of piss wine. 

“Did you try the brown acid?” I asked, while absentmindedly gazing through the bars of the cell. “You know, the stuff they mentioned in the film?” Dennis turned back towards me, offering up a huge grin that suggested one good night at the cost of a few brain cells. 

“Bet your ass.” He said.

“I see... and, tell me, did you buy it from Michael? Or Schroeder? If I recall, it was old Mike that was selling the bad stuff.” 

At that point, Dennis's eyes revealed a flash of confusion. Not the typical, “I've gotten stoned enough times to give Keith Richards a run for his money”  sort of confusion, more of a unsettled, “But that's impossible... man” kind of confusion. 

“-Didn't think either of them were in the movie.” Dennis said at last, no doubt trying to dismiss the idea creeping through his head.

“Oh? That's strange, I seem to remember them in it. Quite well. Michael was wearing one of those cheap, fake, leather trench-coats with all of those tassels hanging off the arms. And Schroeder... heh... Schroeder was having problems with one of his girlfriends. Felicia. Yeah... he caught her sleeping with Rachael. Not that he had a problem with that, mind you, he was just so mad that she didn't invite him.” 

By the time I was done with my story, Dennis's skin had gone just off a slight shade of white. He reached for a nearby ladle (crafted out of a plastic cup and the handle of a plunger), and scooped out a serving of his “special” wine. Dennis then took a little slurp and made a pleasant, “Hm” sound. Seemed that he was pleased with his batch. He then offered the ladle over to me, and I took it without hesitation. 

As I sat there, looking at the little cup of putrid liquid, I thought back to that night, so many years ago. Thought back to Jonathon, or at least, pieces of Jonathon, sitting in the filthy parking lot. Thought about how when blood mixed with mud you could hardly tell the difference.   I took a sip. “Hm” indeed. 

“It's good-” I started. “-I wonder, what else have you... cooked up, throughout the years? I mean, lets face it, you wouldn't be here unless it was some rather potent shit.” 
	
I could see Dennis's face relax a bit as the subject turned away from that night. He let out a long sigh, and his eyes glazed over as his thoughts reminisced amongst themselves. 
	
“To be honest with you man, I've done it all: Meth, PCP, Acid, DMT, Coke, Heroine- I mean, really, if you could smoke it, shoot it, swallow it, or otherwise shove it into your system to produce a heightened state of being... I was your guy.” Dennis crossed his arms with a smile, proud of his little list of deviant work. 

“You were my guy huh?” I said. “And that must go way back, yes?” 

“Yes. First got involved back when I was just a kid-” Dennis chuckled a little, and held up the ladle of toilet wine. “Got started with this actually. My dad was a real creep. Fuck... a real creep. Anyway, I went to live with my uncle, and he was a bit of a shiner if you know what I mean? So I got into it with him, brewing in the woods, at night. Got a bit of a rush out of it, and the money was good. But um, well, one the cops found our stash, that was out. It was around that time that Acid was starting to hit the scene, and, well, can't say I wasn't intrigued-” 

I listened to his story, sitting there by the bars of our cell, my hands neatly crossed in my lap. Waiting. 

“-so began a long and tedious life in the drug trade, all of course ending-” He gestured to the cell. “-here.” He finished, slapping his hands down. I sat for a moment, and then, smiled. 
	

“But that's back when you used your real name, huh? Back when you were Michael Shaffer.”
Dennis shot up from his seat as though it had suddenly caught fire. 

“How the fuck do you know that!? I haven't told anyone that!” He stammered, spilling a bit of wine on the cool cement floor. I rose slowly, so as not to alarm him. I then took a few slow steps his way, again, being careful to seem none threatening. I let my face fall right into the light, so as to give him a good look. Dennis/Mike squinted, trying to find what I was attempting to show him. But all he saw was the face of a young man, maybe in his twenties. 
	
“You don't remember me, do you?” I said. In his eyes, I saw that he truly didn't. “Well I remember you-” I began to pace around the room as I spoke. I just couldn't help myself. I had waiting years for this moment, and by God, I was going to enjoy it.

“Woodstock...1969” I let the words hang in the air. All of the color in Dennis/Mike's face was now drained away. “Quite a party, if I remember it right.” 

“You couldn't have been there.” Mike could barely choke the words out. “You just saw the film, right?” Was that hope I detected in his question? Well, soon it wouldn't matter.

“Yes, I saw the film. Not bad, as far as documentaries go. Certainly covers all of the highlights, that's for sure... the music, the planning, the guests... and the brown acid.” I stopped moving entirely. Turned to Mike. He knew what I was going to say next. But I decided not to give it to him. Not yet.

“A friend of mine. Jonathon Meyers was his name. Happened to buy some of that brown acid. It messed him up. Bad.” I stepped towards Mike, no longer trying to conceal the predator nature of my movements. “And when he got messed up, bad- he got sick. And when he got sick, he laid down to try to sleep it off-” I stopped, inches away from Mike's face, my nose almost touching his. “-and do you know just where he decided to sleep it off?” I could see in Mike's eyes the begging. Begging that I've seen... hundreds? Maybe thousands of times before. I used to find the begging funny. Eventually, it became tedious. But this time? This time I burned the image of his eyes into my mind, savoring it like a fine wine. One not brewed in a toilet. 

“He slept it off in the parking lot, Mike.”

Mike's eyes bugged out like grapes pushed from their skin. 

“You you you couldn't have been-” He started.

“But I was-” I circled him now, just waiting, waiting for the moment that I knew was coming next. “-while you and filth Schroeder were peddling your shit, I was grooving to Hendrix, and the 'Dead. While you were brewing your swill in the woods, I was watching the bombs fall in Pearl Harbor. When you were shitting your diaper, I was flaying hookers in Versailles. Beginning to get the picture?”

Mike was starting to look very much like an animal caught in a trap.

“I- I'll pay you anything-” 

“This isn't about money.” 

“Then what then!? Mike backed away, his jaw contorting with the shock of adrenaline he was no doubt experiencing. “I don't understand any of this!” I let him have his moment. That one moment where I stood there, and just let him think that I would explain it all. Explain the falling star that had come down into my village, and changed my life- well, not just my life, but how I -perceived- life, forever... but he didn't deserve it. The echo of my footsteps was intensified by the heavy stillness of in the cell. I stopped before him at arms reach. All the space I would need.

“It isn't necessary that you understand anything, other than that because of you, Jonathon, a man that I cared for, very much, was ran over by thresher. They didn't really find a body, you see, just... pieces. And you my friend-” I clasped my hand down on Mike's shoulder “-are in here to pay for you sins with drugs. But I-” I clasped my other hand down on Mike's other shoulder “-I am in here to make you pay for the sin of his death.”

“Please-”

“No, unlike me, you're out of time.”

“Wait-.... what was it like? Living that long? Seeing it all?” I looked into his eyes, and grinned.

“You'd have had to have been there... man.” I have my moment. He screamed louder than most.
