We look up to the sky and see history. Like salt in a cast iron skillet. Stars illuminate the heavens, while the moon illuminates the earth. Er, the hemisphere that is experiencing the phenomena called 'nightime', that is.

Security was easy enough to bypass, due to my federal credentials. Also, it seemed there are only another two guards walking the halls of the power plant. Just a handshake and proof of my N.A.S.A employment led me on my way. Simple enough.

I found my way around the power plant just as well, getting to the main breaker room. A cartoonishly big handle that was labelled "COUNTY POWER SWITCH" stared at me. Admittedly, I salivated a wee-bit, knowing how mesmerizing this experience will be for the citizens of the area; to see the Milky Band. To witness the stars bounce, however unmoving they seem to us. With thoughts of serene parallax drifting to my blood-filled brain, I shook, too. Just a little tremor, though.

I walked up to the switch, and pulled it down. That, like getting through security and finding the main breaker room, was near-effortless.

After the switch was pulled down, the security monitors in the room began feeding me a video of Col. McIntyre. 

"Bill. Come on. You thought that would work? You ever think about the traffic lights? The accidents? The radios the police would use to respond to those accidents? All the patients in the hospitals and palliative wings, relying on that power to survive?"

"Yeah, uh. No...sir. I really didn't."

"Bill. Buddy. We got word of you doing this. It doesn't even make sense. It's nowhere near practical."

"Yeah. No. You're right, Bill."

(Both our names are Bill, by the way).

"Alright. Bill, just go home. Have a good night. Say hi to your wife for me."

"Alrighty, Bill. You too."

And so I left. And made my way home. I got out of my car and looked up. The moon was this beautiful orange, so huge and so bright. I smiled. I walked into my house and saw my wife. She was hooked up to her heart moniter. The irony hit me like an iron.

"Where have you been been, honey?" 

"Just out at the observatory, looking at the moon, sweetheart." 

She smiled. I kept smiling, too.
