I decided to walk home a different route today. Not a new route but an old one, a route I didn’t like to walk anymore because it took me past there. Past the place where it all started, where my guilt lived. She’d been in my dreams lately, in every dream actually. No matter what the dream was, whether I was running a marathon or eating a marathon bar in space, she was there. Sometimes she spoke to me or played games with me and sometimes she just stared at me. Sometimes it felt like vivid nightmares and other times like I’d woken up from a euphoric drug haze.  I assumed this was simply my guilt coming back to haunt me as it was the anniversary of the last time we had seen each other. 

As I turned the final corner down to the street we had last met something caught my eyes. As I turned I saw her there. Was I dreaming again? No, that was impossible. Our eyes met from across the street, her slight frame silhouetted by the light of the lamp post she stood under. She stared at me wide eyed, mimicking my own expression.

“Elise? Elise is that you?”, I asked as I slowly made my way across the street, reluctant to speak to this apparition of my past.

“Ye... Yes it’s me", she replied, with a stunned expression on her face.

She backed away slowly, her incredulity at the sight of me enough to kick in the old human flight instinct. I grabbed her arm softly and stared at her for what seemed like an eternity. In my stupor I lost the words to ask any of the questions that were buzzing around in my head.

Instead I blurted out, “you've been in all my dreams lately. The last time we were playing scrabble in a shipping yard surrounded by bright yellow transport containers.”

“That’s a very weird thing for you to say to me after all this time you know. I see you’re still the same meat bag you’ve always been", she said to me with a half smile. Her smile dropped and she began to look around nervously, avoiding eye contact with me. I stared back dumbfounded. In the last dream we were arguing about whether the word meat bag was allowed to be on the scrabble board. Something was very wrong here, how could she be here and how could she possible be using the same words from a dream? My head was spinning with more questions.

I stared at her blankly though as I remembered something important. I remembered why this was all wrong, why she couldn’t be here and suddenly I was back to that day 4 years ago. Back to the day where my guilt lay.

I walked behind Elise casually talking to Frank, a friend of mine whose daughter went to the same school as mine. Elise and her friend were happily playing ahead of us on the side of the street. Elise suddenly stumbled out on to the road, she was prone to bouts of clumsiness. As I turned my head I saw a car whizz round the corner, I had time to react but I froze like a rabbit in the head lights. The car careened round the corner, the driver obviously not seeing that Elise had stumbled onto the road.

The last thing I remember from that day was the blood. The blood of my daughter as a foolish young driver showing off to his friends took the life of my child. So this could not be happening right now. My child was dead. As I came back to the present, staring at this apparition of my daughter I realised that I must have finally snapped. That the guilt had finally ran it’s course and that my brain had decided that reality was no longer a suitable place for me to live in. I broke down and I wept. I wept for my daughter and for my fragile mind while staring up at the ghost of my past.

“I’m so sorry my love. I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you", was all I could say as my mind plunged into despair.

“Oh Daddy, I think its time I saved you", she said.

Suddenly I woke up feeling incredibly groggy. I was lying in a bed dazed. I blinked a few times and turned my head to see someone weeping next to me. She looked familiar yet I couldn’t place her in my hazy state. She looking happy but she was still crying and shaking now too and screaming for a nurse all at the same time. She turned to me.

“What’s going on?”, I asked grogily.

“I saved you this time Daddy. You’ve been in a coma for the last 4 years after you protected me from that car".