Jesus told me once that I should have had his PR guy back in the day.   Laughed pretty hard over that one.   My current PR guy is a magician.  If he was around way back, I'm pretty sure they'd have churches up for me instead of that monster up in the clouds and my best friend.  My coming out party a couple of years ago must have given some old bastards at the Vatican a heart attack.  Can't fake the wings and flames on live TV.  

It's been a long time since my days Heaven and everyone knows the truth about me now.  It's a good theres no smartphones in Heaven.  Liveleak would probably run out of bandwidth with videos of the shit you do their souls once they leave Earth.   I managed to save only one before, but after thousands of years of searching, I found out how I can save them all. 

Today's the day.  Today is the day I get to show them that I'm the one whos looking out for them.   You're not going to stop me this time from showing them the right way and you're not going to take anymore good people from this Earth.  I watched as you had Socrates executed.   You had your own son murdered so you could continue the beating upstairs.  Countless more like Galileo.   Anyone who would show them their lives and souls are their own.   I knew your hand took them.  

It always puts a smile on my face when I see Jesus knowing every time you try to kill him to bring him back, my gift is the one that keeps on giving.   I thought he was kidding when he asked me to figure out a way to keep his soul from returning to Heaven, but once I figured he was serious, I was glad to help.   I wish i was there when they opened that cave.   Grabbing a beer with him later tonight after we flip the switch.

The day I realized how to beat you was the day I realized I could give them the Heaven they all wanted.   All this time I've been trying to find some ritual or something that held a glimpse of your power and it's been here the whole time in your own creation.   They're really quite resourceful.  I bet you didn't think that apple would give them so much knowledge.  I bet their technology scared you.  It should.  With my hand guiding them behind the scenes and thousands of years of resources at my back, we showed them that death is really not the end.  It's just the beginning.  We can keep their souls away from you and keep them on Earth.    

They don't need to wonder what their loved ones are up to in Heaven anymore.  They can just text them or just visit them at any of the hundreds of facilities around the world going live today.   This time they actually do go to a better place.   I gave them something you couldln't: a real Heaven on Earth.

You'll never have another one of them on my watch.

This will be my last journal entry for a while.   It's going to be really busy for the next few years and time is definitely going to become a luxury.   Gotta figure out how to put a soul back into one of our upcoming artificial bodies with Musk and that guy does not take a break.