"Well...it's over.." I said looking around into the vast nothingness. I took a deep sigh, stood up on my feet and began to walk forward. Suddenly a voice rang out, saying before I move onto to the next stage I must face the person I hurt the most..

"Fuck." I repeated over and over in my head.

It has to be mom... All the times that I yelled at her, saying how she hated me... Yet.. She gave me everything.. I felt my eyes become damp and my lip began to quiver. I took a breath and fought the tears as I continued forward.

A door appeared and I stood frozen for a moment, knowing that my poor mother would be on the other side and I'd have to look into her eyes and talk about all the destruction and distance I caused our whole family.

I took a breath and pushed open the door. My eyes wandered the room looking for my mothers figure but she was nowhere to be found. I saw a girl sitting with her legs crossed in the corner. 

Confused I slowly approached her but before I could even get close enough to see who she was I heard my own voice shout "Stop.. and this is why I'm fucking here and no one else.." A puzzled look came upon my face... "Wait... Why.. I mean.. You're..." Before I could finish my sentence I heard my own voice again pop off with "Yes dumbass, I'm you"

"Ouch, you're angry today aren't you?" I mumbled under my breath

"OF COURSE I AM ANGRY" she screamed as she quickly turned to face me... I was taken back for a second... This wasn't the me I was used to seeing... Her hair was down and she was pale... Her lips blue and eyes dull. A red and purple rope burn engulfed her neck and all the scars on her skin seemed to be more noticeable now. 

She came within inches of me and shoved her finger in my face, teeth clenched she says "You didn't even give us the chance to get better!" 

I scoffed at her and yelled back "What do you even mean?! I went to therapy, I took meds, I tried to love people and I tried to live! How dare you say I didn't give us a chance.. I gave us the best shot we had!"

She looked at me and laughed "DO YOU REALLY BELIEVE YOU TRIED?!" 

I stared at the ground and sat there thinking quietly... Did I really try? I mean... I did what I said right? Yeah sure... I may have bathed my liver I'm booze... I may have cut and scarred every piece of my body... But I went to therapy... I did what everyone said... I never... And I paused in my own thoughts... Maybe I didn't try... As I remembered myself staring at bottles of liquor knowing that it would only make me more miserable. I felt my face become flushed and suddenly she cocked her head to the side..

"Exactly..." She softly exclaimed 

I stared into her dull eyes and touched her neck... She flinched and I pulled back... "What have I done.. Who... No.. Where did you go?" I asked as I choked on my own tears.

"I've been here the whole time... You shut me away years ago.. You let every god damn person in this world treat you like shit because you couldn't handle your own true self! You tried to be what everyone else wanted and can't you see what you've done?! You couldn't even recognize your own image... Your own self!" She barked at me..

Sobbing, I knew this was all true... I hid myself from everyone for years. I tore pieces away from who I was because no one was ever there to care about me...

"STOP THAT" she intruded into my thoughts... "You did have people to care... You could have cared about you... You came into this world alone and look now... Here we are alone..."

I looked around my eyes hot from the tears and I said "No one wanted you.. No one ever liked you for you... Can't you see?! I had to drown you out... I had to cope somehow!"

She slapped me across the face and pushed me against the wall. Her eyes glaring deep into mine and I kept trying to escape her gaze. "I will not deal with this here! Let it go! Let the opinions and everything go! Caring about every little detail got you what?! All it got you was a rope around your neck and a world of potential cut short!"

I found it hard to breathe, my chest became tight as I began to realize what I had done. I had cut my life short because I couldn't see past my insecurities. I had forever ruined my already torn family because I couldn't get my act together. I had left my best friend and true love broken into a thousand pieces that would never go back to being the same, but what hurt the most was right in front of me. I had destroyed myself... I became someone else, someone that was unrecognizable. I went from a childhood of happiness and freedom to a prisoner of sadness and alcohol. I was trembling my whole life was over and I could do nothing to take it back. I fell to my knees and looked at her and said "I'm sorry... I..I didn't even give us a chance."

She softly stroked my head and said "Well it's all over now" and disappeared. I was left there for eternity on my knees thinking about how I took away living from me.