  "Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800's" asked a female voice.

I lowered my glass and turned to catch the eyes of a young woman staring intently at my face.
   "Sorry, did you say 1800s? Or the 80s?" Returning to my drink

   "Actually funny you say that, but it was both, 1888." Replied the woman.

The shot of vodka stopped half way between my lips and the soft wood of the bar, i tilted my head to the side to view the woman better.  Her face bore beautiful sky blue eyes, long blond hair with small curls at the ends. On closer examination a small mole next to her lips appears, marking her overwise perfect face, her perfectly determined face. 

   "Girl, what pills did you take, because theres other ways to have a fun time" I casually replied with a discharming smile mastered from centuries of impressing ladies.
She clenched her hand into a fist under the bar, something unnoticed by most, but not all. "No I'm definitely in control of my mind right now and I definitely remember you."

 I shrugged it off "well if that's the case then it might help my memory if I knew your name?" I threw another one of those smiles her way. 
  "Annie, Annie Chapman." The smile was wiped off my face"Remember me now you fucking bastard."

I kept an easy expression on my face and tapped my foot to the rhythm of the music while I stalled the conversation by returning to the drink in front of me. Many questions began racing through my mind. "Why is she still alive and how the hell did she find me in fucking Moscow?"  With the hand that wasn't occupied with the vodka I reached into the hidden pocket of my pants concealing a thin knife, perfect for slipping in between the rips without getting caught on bone. 

 "Isn't that one of the girls that got murdered by jack the ripper?" I croaked at her
  "No"
  "No?"
   "It wasn't jack, it was you, it was you that gutted me like a pig, it was you that left me for dead on the streets of London, it was -" the most wonderful look of shock came upon that beautiful face as the slim dagger withdree from her stomach. The familar noise of choking escaped Annie's mouth as the blood filled her lungs.

  "Next time go straight for the kill, much simpler that way. You taught me that Annie." I whispered into her ear. "Now unfortunately I have a plane to catch. I look forward to our next meeting more than you could image."  

Annie slowly fell to the floor and her almost perfect face became so much more pleasant now that the mole was hidden in the blood.

