He felt warmth along his body, stopping at his upper chest. As his eyes flicked open he noticed he was laying covered in a bed, surrounded by the walls of a spartan taupe room. He couldn't recall why he was here, or even who he was. A small lamp was nearby on a old wooden table, so he pulled an arm from the confinement of the blanket wrapped about him to pull the cord dangling from it.

In the glow of the lamp, he noticed a paper band wrapped around his wrist. On closer inspection, the band had the name John Kaiser typed in block letters upon it. His voice startled him, creaky from disuse, as he mused aloud, "I reckon I must be called John Kaiser." The band also contained some other information, but for the life of him he couldn't seem to recall some of the terminology. Blood type was fairly obvious, but what the hell was Alzheimer's?

John slid out from under the blanket, sitting up sideways on the bed, wincing as his bare soles landed on the icy linoleum floor. The urgent need to void his bladder forced him to put more weight on his feet and slowly stand erect. He lurched towards what appeared to be the lavatory, not noticing the clip slipping off his index finger or the soft chirp of an alarm going off from the machine it was attached to. He had just reached the toilet and began lifting his hospital gown when the room behind him flared with a much brighter light.

"Dr. Kaiser! Are you OK?" a feminine voice called out.

He finished his urgent call of nature and lowered the gown, not that it concealed much anyway, before he turned around. A young blonde female dressed in a uniform stood near the hallway door, hand on what appeared to be some type of object on her hip. His mind, still devoid of any memory to speak of, could only assume it was some type of weapon. Which meant he was either being held against his will or perhaps he was somehow dangerous. He slowly held up his hands to show he was simply going to the bathroom and noticed that the woman's hand slipped from the device as her posture became more relaxed.

"Definitely a weapon of some type, then." he thought to himself. He slowly moved back towards the bed, hoping to wheedle a bit of information from his captor; or his guard, as the case may be.

"Sorry, I just really had to go, you know?"

She smiled and reached for the sensor clip, placing it back on his finger and then pushing a button which silenced the chirp from the machine. "No worries, Dr. Kaiser, just had to make sure you are OK."

"I'm afraid I don't seem to recall much of anything, Nurse..."

"Nurse Mendoza, Dr., although memory loss is definitely something we have to deal with in cases like this."

He noticed she wasn't forthcoming, so he decided a different tact might work better. "I notice you keep calling me Dr. Kaiser, what am a I doctor of if I might ask?"

"You ask that almost every night. You are a Doctor of the Magic Arts, one of the greatest practitioners of our time!"

"Aha," he thought, she seems to have a little hero worship. He smiled and spoke again. "Well, you definitely know more about me than I do, it seems. If you aren't busy, perhaps you could spare a moment for a poor, old soul like me and give me an overview?"

His guess was correct, the nurse had a definite 'crush' upon the person he apparently used to be. Over the next couple of hours, she gave him a decent summary of what his life's work had entailed. She was even kind enough to point out that his book lay nearby in the small desk that the lamp rested on. She called it his 'Magnum Opus" which he came to understand meant his most epic creation.

All too soon, however, she was forced to leave his side to see about one of the other patients in what he had come to learn was a long term care facility for elderly spellcasters. It also explained the weapon, which apparently he had been involved with the designing of, a stun device to zap out of control magic users. In a place like this, with powerful people suffering from the various ailments of the mind that came with age or illness, one couldn't be too careful.

Save for a few stolen moments of sleep, he spent all of his waking time poring over the book he had written before his decline. He had learned what Alzheimer's was from the daytime nurse and was keen on seeing if there was some method in the tome that might provide a magical salvation for him. John couldn't imagine the consequences if there wasn't.

After a couple of weeks, something else became clear. There was a message of some type hidden in the pages of his work, a code of sorts, and he strained mightily to decipher it. While he had no memory of what it might be concealing, there was an almost preternatural need to learn what the secret was. Almost as if there was a time limit before whatever had been hidden became moot.

Oddly, it was chatting with Nurse Mendoza a few nights later that gave John the glimmer of an idea towards breaking the cipher. She haphazardly mentioned that he always mumbled during my sleep an odd rhyme. "One is Two, so Two is Four, this is the key that unlocks the door." After some thought, he realized that if one were to assign the letters of the alphabet a number, one through twenty-six, then each odd number could be advanced by two and each even by four. Thus the letter A, which would be odd, would be turned into C. The same method with B, which would be advanced four letters to F. Using this key, he was able to soon break down a short message from the opening letters of each paragraph. It was merely an address and a time, a specific day of each month.

Most pressing was the fact that tonight was the day listed. He had read enough to learn how to leave a spell double of his body in place while he used his memories to fuel a magical teleport of sorts. John knew it would be slightly risky, but the hair rising on the back of his neck told him that to not make the attempt would have it's own risks, possibly even greater ones. Armed with the knowledge re-learned over the last three weeks, he made his move.

*** Split, was too long