I stood to the side of the crowd, watching all of the other prince's receive the boon if their patrons and then head out to their set training areas. After watching the other ninety-nine prince's receive their boon, I finally stepped forth towards the altar. The head priest stood to the side and told me invoke my sponsor by saying what ever words popped into my mind upon reaching the altar. As I climbed up the stairs I felt my mind slowly dull and become sluggish, by the time I reached the altar I could barely feel anything. I began to feel a phrase worm it's way into my mind.

"I envoke thee, Lady of death!"

Gasps rose up from the crowd as what I said sunk in. Suddenly the sky began to darken and clouds formed, thunder rumbling from within them. 

Suddenly a loud crack of lighting struck the graveyard near the chapel, and silence fell over the crowd. Outside the sound of armor clinking began to grow in volume as they moved towards the front door. 

THUNK THUNK.

A loud knock hit the door. The crowd slowly moved away from the door. I quickly rushed down the stairs and pushed through the crowd until the door was before me. I twisted the handle and opened the door. Before me stood a pale figure armored in Golden plate and flanked by a dozen heavily armed and armored skeletons. 

"Greetings servant of the great cycle", the figure began, and I noticed the pair of fangs he had within his mouth. "We have been sent as Representatives of our fair lady, please follow me".

The vampire turned and began walking towards the neutral areas where each of the gods had set up their temporary temples in order to train their champion. In the middle of it I would see a grand tomb had appeared in the center of it. As we walked towards the tomb the other champions and representatives of the gods looked on in either disgust or fear. "Our fair lady has decided that the gods of light and life can not be allowed to win the battle royal, and so she has chosen you to wield her scythe and protect the great cycle of life and death". I remained quiet, the shock of who my patron was still sitting within me. 

As we reached the base of the stairs down into the tomb the vampire stopped. Gently he pushed me towards the stairs. "What occurs down there is  for only you to know, please give my regards to her". He and the skeleton squad moved and placed themselves in defensive positions around the entrance. As I began my walk down I smirked thinking about how even in this neutral territory the forces of death doubted the gods wouldn't attempt something.

After I walked for what seemed like hours I reached a large dome shaped room with the only thing within it being a large bed and a figure sitting on it. As I walked towards the bed the figure grabbed a pillow and tossed it onto the floor and gestured for me to sit upon it. As I sat down I examined lady death, she wore a black gown and black heels. She had her hair cut short and lacked any jewelry, but she had the most beautiful eyes, muted green yet strangely full of life.

After a minute of silence with us just examining each other I cleared my throat and said, "The vampire you sent to guide me sends his regards". She chuckled. "Luther is one of my best servants among the vampire lords, his court will serve you well in the upcoming battle", her silky almost ethereal voice said. She patted the bed next to her and I felt compelled to move near her. I stood up and slowly sat next to this immortal being. She turned towards me closed her eyes and kissed my forehead. Pain rushed through my body and I fell unconscious. 

Vision haunted my dreams, my family hunted down and slain, my Homeland burning, a hooded figure armed with a scythe cutting down paladins, forces of the night and death rushing down soldiers, the hooded figurestanding atop a mound of corpses, slowly he removes hood and I gaze upon a scared version of myself. I jumped up with a start.