Sweat slowly made it's way down his forehead. He was stuck. Under pressure and with no foreseeable way out, he had been in this situation before. The difference was  that this time he had no one to bail him out, no back up. "Shit," Tom muttered to himself. He was dumbfounded. He didn't want to lose his hand to the muck below but at the same time if wasn't as if he could simply leave. His mind recollected all the ways he could have avoided this mess, hindsight can be a mean mistress when troublesome situations arise. "No Tom, you're here now. Just think of a way out." There was no one around, his phone had run flat and he was getting hungry. Tom searched his surroundings for something, anything that could help him. The window! Tom craned his neck up to the open window, "Hey! Help! Anybody!? I need help!" From his position, all Tom could make of the outside world from the open window was the dark silhouette of an eerie tree. If only the leaves and the branches could reach out to him, if only they could hear and answer his pitiful cries for help. But of course, that was only a poor mans dream. 

Tom stared with an empty mind at his hand. "You have no choice Tom, it's the only way .. " He tried to prepare himself, he tried with all his heart to prepare himself for the horror he was about to put himself through. "Just do it Tom, GET IT OVER WITH." Tom, now resigned to the crap hand life had dealt him, began to lower his arm. He paused suddenly, and his neck turned sharply so he was suddenly facing to the direction of the window, the dark silhouette of the tree suddenly grasping his full attention. "Did I see something? Did I hear something?" Tom could have sworn he heard the rustle of leaves and perhaps what might have been the silhouette of a small body running along one of the branches of the trees. "It's just the wind Tom, the wind and a Possum. Help isn't coming." Tom sighed as he realized he had allowed him to glimpse hope, and now that he would have to prepare himself once again. Tom bit his lip and once again began to lower his arm. "Its ok Tom, people will understand .. " 

Suddenly a white blur fell from the open window! Tom made a yell of fright before finally collecting himself and making the discovery he could have only prayed for. "Could it be . . Don't get your hopes up Tom . . How and why could it be .. but .. but it is .. " ITS TOILET-PAPER! Tears began to swell in Tom's eyes and he lowered his arm, his hand was safe! He would no longer have to defile his body with excrement of his body! But how! Any why! Tom eyes darted up to the open window. A squirrel, a tiny black eyed squirrel sat on the ledge of the open window, peering down at Tom. They sat there like for what seemed like an eternity. The squirrel was a stranger to Tom, but somehow was familiar. With a blink of Tom's eyes the squirrel was gone, but the toilet paper remained. 

No one ever quite believed Tom when he told them the story of how a lonesome squirrel had come to his rescue that fateful night, but Tom would never doubt how that night went down. Tom would also begin to vaguely remember the squirrel that had frantically danced around his feet when happened to stumble upon a stockpile of nuts while digging he began to build renovations at his home at the beginning of the winter months. Often he would be lucky enough to visit this memory in his dreams. Tom would never forget his guardian angel, and always kept a plate of nuts but his front door for his squirrel, his guardian angel sent from above, from a tree presumably. 