I stared at the doctor as he blinked, before smiling kindly. I was waiting for a response, and as such, one came, "Of course you did. We came into the surgery together, you got a glass of water, and you told me that you were hearing a woman's voice."

A sharp pain in the head later, and the scene played out in my mind, just as the doctor said, "Oh yeah! That's right. I did say that, didn't I?" The Doctor smiled again, "Indeed. So, those pills will stop you from hearing her voice."

I smiled back at the doctor. He appeared affable, friendly, even. No longer the air of impatience that he had before. As if... *He's hiding something*, the voice announced. Surely he wasn't hiding anything... Was he? The doctor furrowed his brow, "Oh, I'm sorry... Did I frighten you?"

I shook my head, "N-no... I just... I'm stressed, you know? The voice keeps me awake," I sipped my tea. It was soothing and calming, exactly what I needed. "Tell me about how it makes you feel," the doctor continued.

"Well... Sometimes, I just don't feel like myself... You know, when it's around. I feel lost, confused..."

*Where did you get the tea from?*

There was the voice again. I looked down... Where did I get the tea from? "Don't you remember?" the doctor responded, "I made you the tea when you became distr-"

"I'm sorry, what?"

The doctor's brow furrowed, and he cocked his head, "Oh, I'm sorry. I sometimes forget myself. Let's try that again." There was a sharp pain in my head again. *Wake u-*

"That is indeed a concerning issue, Paula."

I shook my head. Where was I? Oh yes, that's right, "Oh, doctor! I'm so sorry, I must have dozed off."

The doctor smiled warmly, "That's okay. I'll write a prescription for some pills, and those will stop the voices."

"Th-thanks doctor... So... These will really cure me of hearing that voice?"

The doctor raised his eyebrows knowingly.

***

I left the surgery a little confused, but content in the knowledge that it would not be long before I was free of the voice once and for all. As the doctor stood up behind me, he called out for another patient.

"John, come on through."

I moved to the receptionist, and as I got out my notepad to write down my next appointment, I faintly heard the discussion between the next patient and the doctor.

"So are you still hearing his voice?"

"How did you know it was a 'he'?"

I moved to quickly take a tablet.

*WAKE UP!*

***

Ron sat by the bed, holding her hand. A picture of a happy couple on the table, and a set of medical notes at the foot of that bed. Suddenly, a loud drone came out of the ICG machine. For Ron, everything went by in a blur. Nurses came and nurses went. Ron knew the outcome would be the same - for Paula just as with the other coma patients. Each went in the end, some sooner, some later. The mystery remained a simple one - why? Not one doctor knew the answer, or why they became comatose at all, or what the meaning of the spike in brain activity prior to death could be. Ron, bitter at the answers he could not have, picked up his coat and left the hospital. One more life, one more victim.