It wasn't supposed to happen. We were to be the watchers, the sworn protectors of life on this pale blue dot. We had the power to stave it off. We failed.

Four hundred thousand years ago our ancestors climbed the evolutionary wall and peaked over the top for the first time, but it was not until seventy-five thousand years ago that we realized the danger. That fateful day the Toban Leviathan was unleashed. We did battle, Zeus, Odin, Jehova, Krishna, and so many others. The heavens were blackened from the fires, and when it finally ended nearly all of us were wiped out. We knew from that day that the Leviathan must never again awaken, for it would doom us all.

We made that pact, and a plan was laid by the Almighties Jehova and Shekina. We would obfuscate, lest some evil or foolish soul seek to claim the power of the leviathan. We disbursed the energy of a demi-God throughout the oceans of this world, entrusting the power to man. So long as one watcher remained vigilant we need never fear, for that cornerstone kept the power at bay; disparate.

Throughout the millennia since our ancient order served as a backbone, a last resort. One contingent of sentinels for every hour of every day.

All was fine until Gilgamesh. It was he, Gilgamesh, who united the Sumerians under one banner and pushed humanity to crawl out of blissful ignorance. With the rise of cities came the rise of empires, and from empires grew civilization itself.

Initially this was not so terrible, but over time humanity spread. Powerless, our once mighty order was forced into hiding, no longer protected by the obscurity of our watch.

These final millennia saw our demise, for as we were backed into ever more tiny corners we began to realize that we could not remain separate from human society for long.

So we integrated. We figured, foolishly, that with billions of souls we need not keep ourselves occupied with a simple watch, but instead devoted our resources to letting the humans watch it for themselves.

It started simply: A watched pot never boils. We instilled a love of the oceans, a need for exploration in the hearts and minds of all the great empires through simple stories.

It wasn't enough. It was never enough. As technology advanced we realized we must have influence, and to gain influence we sold some of our technology. It started off innocently; a few secrets for weapons to combat the Nazi menace. As we grew in power we began to meet with world leaders at Bilderberg, intent on keeping the threat contained. We sold travel packages to the Caribbean, Alaskan cruises, even sent men into space to keep a watch on the Earth below. One set of eyes, that was all it took.

Yet here I sit, writing these final log entries as the oceans boil and the Toban Leviathan stirs again. Zeus has gone, Odin has gone, Jehova and Shekina have other realms they must protect. We are alone, it is only the order, and our weapons are not enough.

I am sending this message, this final plea across the stars: Help us, for if the Leviathan consumes our world then soon it will consume our Star, and once our star has winked out it will contain more power than even the old Gods themselves.

We shall hold it off as long as we can. It will not be long at all.