“Thanks again Dave”
“No problem, buddy. I’ll see you next time!”
“Could you bring me some milk next time? These things dry out my mouth.”
“Sorry, buddy. That’s not in the contract. No can do.”

Dave walked away from my camp. He was in the same blue uniform he’d been wearing since it started. Navy blue shirt and shorts that ended right above his knees, and a little backwards blue cap. Never a spec of dust on him or a crease in the uniform. His black, rubber shoes always shiny. 

I’d given up a long time ago on following him. He always walked calmly, even when he knew I followed him, but eventually he’d turn a corner, I’d look away, I’d blink, I’d sneeze, SOMETHING. ANYTHING would happen and he’d be gone. No explaining it. No use questioning it. If it meant I constantly had at least some type of food that was fine by me. My only complaint? I couldn’t stand how he always called me buddy.

Dave would only answer contract questions. He said the contract ran up when I did. So as long as I saw Dave within thirty days, I knew I’d be safe for the next thirty. He also told me the contract says a lifetime supply is at minimum a single Oreo per day. So I always received roughly 30 Oreos a month. It was a nice way to keep track of the passing years. If I got 28 cookies it was February, and I could figure it out from there. 

I’ve only gotten 28 three times since the whole apocalypse thing happened. I damn near shit myself the first time. Thought I’d die at the end of the month, just before I was due to see Dave again. And to think, I wouldn’t have the chance of saying goodbye to the guy.

I have to admit, his agelessness creeped me out. He’d been 16 when I won the contest and he’s still 16 now. 20 years later. For 17 years that weirded me out. Thought it was a trick. Maybe he was a clone, or had several children who all just looked the same? Was there a long line of immaculate Daves each replacing the next at the start of every year? But then I got busy. You know, surviving and all? Who has time to question those things anymore.

Dave’s useful for more than just the cookies. Keeps me from going crazy. He’s always a little chatty, you know how 16 year olds can be when they’re in the right mood for it? Well he’s always in the right mood, always chatty. Nice guy, I gotta tell you. And that’s exactly what you need at the end of a month of surviving and hiding from the nuclear rain that comes down every so often. And I always know when to expect him. When that last cookie is gone, he’ll be there the next day. I’ll have a friend on the way.

I do wonder where he comes from. Always talks about what a long journey it is.

But he did say something peculiar once. Something about how the contract’s binding. Something about the terms and conditions I didn’t read. Something about how my turn will come to help. I hope I get to become a Dave. I’d love to be so clean again.