Ben rose from the grave. He felt pain, but the tears stopped flowing years ago. They stopped after he lost everyone he loved and knew. And it all stemmed from his daughter's last day on earth.

-----------

"You're not allowed to die, okay daddy? You can't. You have to take care of Laura. I know she's married and all, but you have to take care of her. This will be really hard on her."

"Okay baby girl, I won't. I love you Lizzy, oh God why does it have to be like this?"

"It's okay daddy, I'll be alright. I'll be better soon" She said, tears streaming down both of their faces.

-----------

That was 216 years ago.

Ben didn't know what had happened until long after that day. He still didn't know why it had happened. He collected himself and rubbed the broken blades off grass off his jeans. "Damn" He muttered to himself. "Those are gonna leave a stain". No time to clean them either, he was already going to be late.

He rushed through the cemetery and got in his car. It only took him half an hour to get across the city, not bad, the traffic was good.

"There you are Ben, you're late!" The young woman said with a wide smile

"Yes yes, I know, I was visiting Lizzy. My apologies Katherine." Ben said, forming a weak smile.

"That's quite alright, there's still plenty left to do!" She gestured to the door of the soup kitchen.

As they entered the smell of broccoli and cheddar soup hit Ben's nose, it was Friday, so of course it was broccoli and cheddar. He put on the apron that was hanging behind the door and began serving. It didn't take long for him finish the serving, it was a quiet day as far as the soup kitchen was concerned. Then he began his cleanup routine with Katherine, making small talk all the while.

"It's getting to be that time of the year again, it's getting cold." Katherine said.

"Well that means business will be booming" Ben said with a soft chuckle.

Katherine smiled at him, a smile that wasn't too wide or too cheery. Just a soft and kind smile. "I can see it you know." She said, the smile fading a little, replaced with just a hint of pain.

"See what?" Ben said, a little put off

"The pain in your eyes." Katherine replied gently. "I know you miss her Ben, I'm so sorry."

"No, you don't need to be sorry, you didn't give her the tumor. It's just you remind me of her you know? And sometimes I don't know what I'm doing with my life now that she's gone." He had hid the truth from Katherine, now the *everyone* is gone.

"I know Ben. Have you ever read The Lord of the Rings?" She said softly.

"No, was never my kind of book."

"In it, a character tells the wise wizard that he wishes that something had never happened. Do you want to know what he said?" She asked him. "'So do I,' he said, 'and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.'"

"That's touching Katherine..." Ben muttered, tears starting to well in his eyes.

"You are doing a lot of good in this world Ben. Your time is valuable to these people" She said, tears rolling down her face as she placed a hand on his cheek.

"I certainly have a lot of it don't I?" He made a painful smile.

They both laughed a bit wiping the tears from their face and then finishing the cleanup. And so every day Ben would come to the kitchen and work, it was the least he could do with his time here. Make something good in the stead of something terrible.

 ---------

Thanks for reading, as always feel free to give feedback. This was a follow up to a bit I wrote yesterday on a different prompt because I liked the characters. 

You can read that here: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7o0ik9/wp_you_have_lost_the_ability_to_be_wrong_you_find/ds6jt6n/