"you need to move out..." Said lust, her ghostly make up smeared, her hair frizzled, behind her the rest of them floated nodding. 

"but...you said you'd help me..." Tod said, looking around. 

"Look Tod, we Tried. We tried hard. We tried haunting you, turns out you don't have any really bad flaws. You aren't greedy, you aren't proud, you aren't wrathful, you aren't lazy, you certainly aren't lustful..." She said. 

"I am envious!" 

"No...not really..." Envy said, sipping a transparent cup of coffee. 

"I eat far too much cake." 

"those were health bars...you ate 200% of your daily fiber."  Lust said, his chins wobbling. 

"the least you all could do is get dressed to tell me this..." Tod said, looking around the room at the specters in their sleeping garments. 

"Look Tod, We all tried. I taught you how to talk to women, greed taught you to talk to your boss and ask for a raise, pride helped you stand up strait, Gluttony spent hours teaching you to save food..ect ect.... But here you are 1 year later and you still are bitching and moaning about being depressed."

"but I am..."

"we know...but the truth is we feel our relationship might be best continued after you seek professional care." She said.

"I will never take crazy pills or see one of those bizarre head headshrinkers."  Tod said. 

"look we hate to do this but you need to leave. We are going to go on our annual Halloween haunt, we have souls to torment. We expect you to be gone by the time we get back." she said. 

When the ghosts came back to the old Bradford manse they found Tod's things neatly packed in the hallway, and Tod himself neatly swinging from a rafter. For a moment the ghosts all pouted. 

"all that hard work..." Envy said. 

"and he never even paid us back!" said Greed.

"at least we don't have to deal with him any longer..."  Said Lust. 

A collective sigh gripped the group. That was until they heard a glass clink in the kitchen. 

Seven ghosts one grossly obese squeezed into the tiny kitchen and found a ghostly Tod attempting to make vanilla pudding. 

"hey guys, turns out I wasn't depressed, I was just boring."  Tod said. 


"what in the hell are you still doing here?" Lust screamed. 

"oh, I got to the afterlife and turns out their's an 8th deadly sin we didn't know about, Boredom. "

"It's going to be a long eternity isnt it..." Lust said. 