This is the story of how I lost my brother and his curse of being slightly older.

My brother and I were born poor in a trailer park in Louisiana, but we weren't poor for long. Some would say that our family had some of the best luck around and the my brother and I were the luckiest set of twins ever to be born. I know now that this is not the case.

A week after our birth my father who worked on the oil rigs was promoted to a supervisor position on the rig on to be promoted to corporate a year later. My father's salary went from $30,000 a year to which yacht should we take today. 

My mother also had a streak of luck. She told us she started writing a book during our naps as babies. She said she was _inspired_ by our birth. By our first birthdays she had finished her book, through shear luck she waited on a publisher from New York who reluctantly took her manuscript. The book was so popular and ground breaking it is now require reading for 10th graders. 

We were twins, but he was the "older" one. He was born at 3:22am and 2 seconds and I at 3:33am and 6 seconds. He was exactly 11 minutes and 4 seconds older. He would always rub that in growing up. He was the big brother, he smarter because he was older, he was tougher because he was older (although in reality I could out box him any day of the week), and for at least a little while he was taller because he was older. Funny enough we were the same height but his hair was a bit fluffier so it gave him a half-an-inch on me.

Since he decided to declared himself the older brother he was very protective of me. Whenever I was getting picked on he would always rush into battle for me. Even if he losing he would get back on his feet to defend me. I would do the same for him many times. Although this time I couldn't help him. 

We had a huge house growing up. It was a plantation house with a large yard and a swimming pool. My father had two boats; a bass boat for the lakes and a yacht for the ocean. My mother had the house renovated to have a giant library.

I started to notice my parents feelings towards him changing after our nineteenth birthday. My mother would snap at him even though he didn't do anything bad. He became the person to blame whenever something went wrong. My father started became distant and would never ask about his day at the dinner table. It got to a point where he couldn't look him in the eye. He would come home say hello and go off to his study to drink. Some nights we heard crying. Something was off. 

Things became even stranger a week before we turned twenty. My brother was feeling quite ill, the doctor's couldn't explain it. He was vomiting everything he ate and was craving rare meat. His skin became pale and his eyes became bloodshot. My mother was also becoming quite angry at him and even I now. She wasn't sleeping as much. My father was even more distant, he wasn't talking to anyone and as soon as he got home he walked right up stairs to his study. I'm not sure if he ever went to sleep in his own bed anymore. 

To add to this I started seeing strange lights . They were unnatural lights of different hues and somewhat gas like like shapes. As the week went on they changed in severity. It was almost like an auro borelis outside. The morning before our birthday I decided to go investigate.

As I walked down the hallway I passed my brothers room. I could her him moaning and vomiting. I wanted to cry, so I cracked opened the door only to hear him choke, "Get out, don't come in here... please", so I closed the door and got a whiff of the room. The smell in the room was horrid, it was as if something died had died and was rotting. I hoped it wasn't coming from him.

I walked down the stairs and towards the back door only to run into my father. He was sitting looking out the door in the window and said, "They are coming for him, it is time."

"Time for what?", I replied.

"Time for your brother, son do you believe in other dimensions?"

"What the fuck are you talking about?", he noticed the empty bottle of _jack_ next to is father; he is drunk, "How much have you drank?"

"A bottle or two but that doesn't matter. The ancient people called them _Gi Dah_, a group of otherworldly deities and I was young I wanted success for myself at any cost. I found what you might call dark magic, summoning techniques to get in touch with these beings.
    
"I was a loser growing up and I wanted power so in an extreme attempt to gain something I contacted theses beings. They look down on me with pity and nearly killed me, but they had an offer. The _Gi Dah_ said, 'We will give you power when you have a child, but when that child comes to age of twenty we will take him as scarafice' It's going to be 3:22 soon. They will come soon to take him. I didn't think I would fall in love with you both. I was hoping to have one child and just live the rest of my life"

My brain felt as if it were about to explode my brother is sick upstairs and he is drunk talking about some shit he just made up? The _Gi Dah_, what is going. "What the fuck is wrong with you? My brother, your son is upstairs sick, he was vomiting last time I checked. He is sick and you need to be helping him. The past year you both have been shit towards him."

Thats when I saw them appear, the lights I saw began to form a solid shape and portal open. Inside only darkness but then appeared seven tall cloaked figures, they were pracitucally made out of shadow. My father kept his head down when he saw them. "We have come for you first born... this is not him. Where is it?", they said in what sounded like multiple voices speaking in unison.

"You can't fucking take him take back everything you gave to my father! Just don't take him! He is sick and I need to care for him", I screamed but as I spoke I felt my body stiffen and they I was shoved up against the wall by some force. 

"Take us to him" they said, "Or we will dissect this one as well."

"Yes masters", croaked my father. 

"What are you going to do with him?", I said.

"Humans have always intirgued us, you live short lives but cause so much destruction. You will sell anything for some sort of power and what some consider success. We watch you, you used to worship us, now we want to see why."

They were going to experiment on him. They were going to do something 

He has lost everything and now he has to give up his son. I was starting to understand why he had been so cold to him the past year. He knew this was his last year and he couldn't come to terms with his bargin. He was losing a son and I was losing a brother. My mother must have know about this deal which explains her.

The _Gi Dah_ dragged me through the house and up the stairs as my father leaded them to my brother's room. I probably smashed my head few times. When we opened the door only to find my brother levitating of his bed. His eyes were glowing red and where smoking a deep black smoke. He was choking, his skin was paler than it was before, and his veins were black.

I was horrified, was this the work of them? Did they already start experimenting on him? My head was screaming with the thoughts of what they were doing to him. Until I heard one of them say, "What is the meaning of this? There is something dark here. Something that belongs to both of worlds. Is this a trick?"

They lifted my father up by this head and I heard him say, "No! I swear I have no idea what is going on. Please don't."

They started to choke him. The _Gi Dah_ were clearly scared something here. What did they mean when they said something of both worlds?

Thats when I noticed my mother in the corner. She was laughing her eyes also red. What the hell is going on? This can't be real. What is wrong with her. She was laughing to herself when I heard her speak in cold harsh tone, "She is coming to collect what's hers. She is coming to take him and there is nothing you can do about it. _Azaghol_ is going to take what's due."

Just then my brother fell to his bed and flipped around to be on all fours. He started throwing up a black liquid that started to behave more like a gas as it splashed against the bed. 

Then it came to form, I still can't describe what I saw, but I felt darkness. When it bellowed "Payymentt", my heart began to pound. 

"What is that thing!? What is it doing in my son?", my father fought out of his mouth.

The _Gi Dah_ were equality concern, they seemed to know what this was as did my mother.

"I wanted fame, so I prayed upon the god my grandmother worshiped in the bayous. When he answered my call he had one request our first born. I loved my god so I said yes. He is going to take him back to his realm and I will have fulfilled my promise."

She was laughing and excited. Her pact was over tonight.

My mother made a separate deal with an ancient dark god and my father made a deal with other dimensional aliens and they both decided to give up their first born. I could be my brother if I was pushed out first. I'm losing him tonight. 

"Give him", whispered the old god.

The _Gi Dah_ stepped in, "No, he is ours. Our deal was made first."

The old god laughed with a solution to their predicament, "Split him...".

-------

First post! I would love some grammar feedback and thoughts. I really want to start writing more.