How long have I been staring into this mirror?

I feel like I just woke up. But I could have been standing here for a long time. I can't remember how I got here. Or even where "here" is.

*Gatharion*

It echoes in my head. It feels like a name. The compulsion is to find out who they are.

I turn away from the mirror, walk through the suite of rooms, to the hallway. I find stairs to the ground floor. The man behind the front desk waves me over.

"Are you checking out?"

"When did I check in?"

He blinks at my question. "A few days ago. Is there something wrong with your room?"

I try to remember. Is there? How did I pay for a hotel room?

I pat down my pockets, trying to find a wallet, a room key. Nothing in my pants pockets, shirt pocket, jacket pocket. The only thing in the holster under my arm is the pistol. (I'm not pulling it out in front of the guy behind the desk, what am I, some kind of psycho killer?)

*Gatharion*

"No. Nothing's wrong with the room."

"All right. If you left your key there, just let us know."

"Thanks."

I head out into the street. People are walking to and fro, going about their daily lives. It's rush hour; working stiffs on their way home after long shifts in offices and shops and factories. I feel a tingle in the air. Something tugs at my heart - no, something deeper than a blood-circulating organ. I follow the feeling.

Six blocks east. Seven south. Around a corner. Up a fire escape. Across a makeshift bridge of shipping pallets. Through a rooftop hatch and down a ladder...

How do I remember all of this, but nothing el*Gatharion*

Muscle memory. It has to be. I've done this before. A lot. Maybe.

I smell burning wood. The sound of hushed voices waft up from the darkness below. The ladder's landing is right next to the top of a spiral staircase of wrought iron. I follow that down, too, keeping my steps light. Flickering light slowly appears beneath me, growing stronger with every step. My heart's pounding.

At the bottom of the staircase is a large, round room. In its center, shapes have been laid into the concrete. Apparently, someone chiseled a nearly perfect circle out of the foundation of the building, inscribed a pentagram within it, and filled the spaces between the lines with sigils I barely recognize. The knowledge is there, in my head, somewhere, it's just*Gatharion*

I grind my teeth.

Five figures in white robes with hoods up sit at the points of the star, each holding a candle in their outstretched hands. In the center is the fire, set in a brazier with claw feet. A sixth person, also in a hooded robe, stands with their back to me. They have their arms outstretched, and are murmuring words that, like the symbols, are *Gatharion*

"Okay, okay, I get it," I murmur to myself.

"Do you?"

The figure turns, and lowers their hood. She's lovely. Her eyes flicker with dangerous power, but also with a sense of dread and anticipation. She studies me for a long moment.

"We've been keeping our protective enchantments empowered for as long as possible," she says. "We couldn't risk being discovered before someone arrived who can help us." She looks downwards, away, shame crossing her face. "I can't even leave to warn the other circles. We're already giving up so much just to keep ourselves safe."

I've got nothing.

*Gatharion*

"I've got nothing," I say out loud. "You're right, I don't actually get it."

"But maybe you have it."

"Excuse me?"

Her eyes study my face. "You've been here, but you don't remember it. You know us, you know our work, but you cannot remember the words or sigils. Am I correct?"

I nod. I'm starting to sweat. How does she know all of this?

She turns, going to the circle, beckoning me to follow. I do, but like her, I stay outside of the circle. I don't want to break it. I look around at the other figures in hoods. They have their heads bowed, eyes unfocused, candlelight illuminating strained faces, mouths forming soundless words.

"They're locked in trances to maintain our wards. That way it can't find us and kill us."

"'It'?"

"A person. Or demon. Or Elder God. Or something." She shakes her head, reaching under her robe into a satchel and rummaging. "Visions of the future are beyond memory, and when I get one, I don't have to give anything up to remember it, write it down, even draw sketches." She frowns. "Some say visions of the past are the same, since the memories aren't ours, but those of ancestors... where is it... ah!" She brings out a small piece of paper, hands it to me. I unfold it.

It's my face.

I stare at it. Then at her.

"I wrote you a letter. It's under the brazier. It's for you, but I can't let you read it."

"Why not?"

"I don't want you to risk not getting it."

My throat goes dry. I swallow.

*Gatharion*

"I'll tell you what it says." Her eyes are burning into me. "'To the magician who finds this note. I am a seer from fifty years in your past. In order to find this note, you must be powerful and without fear. I know this, because when you found this note, you did so after passing through enemies I cannot imagine, in numbers I can scarcely guess, using abilities beyond my ken. I cannot fight what is coming to lay waste to our world, and for all I know, you are the only survivor of what brought about our ruin.'"

I want to say something, to protest, to ask why me, but she goes on.

"'We need its name. We have to know who or what we're facing, but without its name, we're powerless. It may have tried to erase its name from mortal memory so none of us could find it. But *you* can find it. In your time, it has nothing left to fear, so perhaps it lives openly and rules whatever is left. Please, I beseech you, bring us its name. Use whatever means you can to respond to this note, through some message or other, and bring us its name. That's the only way we can defeat it. Yours in hope, Circe of the Seven.'"

"The Seven?"

"Seven Sages. There were seven of us, at least. I knew a ruinous force was coming when..." Her voice trails off. Tears shine in her eyes. I count the robed figures again. Six.

"He was going off to fight whatever it is. He was the strongest of us, the most adept magician I've ever met. I... I felt it when..."

I bite my lip.

"Tell me about magic, Circe."

She nods, wiping her eyes. "Memories are used to make spells work. A happy childhood memory can alleviate someone's pain or create a gateway to another part of the world. Recalling a trauma can fuel bolts of lightning or cause agonizing pain. I've even heard of people sacrificing decades of memories to permanently change their shape, or assume a different identity."

"What would it take for someone to actually travel back in time?"

She stares at me.

"Everything. It would cost them everything."

"But one can't physically travel through time, right?"

"Right. We can't break the laws of physics."

"So it'd have to be a mental journey, or a spiritual one." A chill goes down my spine. "Oh God... Oh God, I *killed* someone to get here, didn't I? That's what happened, isn't it?"

My knees go weak. Circe has to catch me to keep me from falling smack on my face.

"If that's true... then you brought it. Tell me you know its name. Please!"

I look up at Circe, a thousand tiny needles of pain in my head and behind my eyes. This isn't my body. This isn't my life. I stole them. I stole this person from this world, maybe from a family, and all I have to show for it is...

*Gatharion*

"Gatharion."

Circe's face goes as white as her robes.

"Gatharion?"

"That's all I remember."

"No. No, that's *impossible*."

The sound of steps coming down the staircase. I step back, away from Circe and the circle. A tall, black-haired man sweeps down to the floor, and I hear a soft, basso voice.

"Hello, Circe."

"Gatharion." Her voice is a whisper. "But... but I felt you die."

"I managed to survive," he replies, spreading his arms. "I made it back. We're safe."

For a brief moment, I see relief on Circe's face. Then understanding dawns there, and she takes a step back, carefully stepping over the circle without making physical contact with it. Gatharion lowers his arms.

"What's wrong, darling?"

"I'm not your darling," Circe growls. "You are not Gatharion."

He sighs. "Ah. A pity. I wanted to do this without a fight."

He turns towards the closest member of the Seven sitting by the circle, reaching for them with his left hand, drawing a knife with a long, curved blade etched with something like wedge-shaped characters and I see -

*standing in the temple with arms outstretched to banish the asakku spawned of Tiamat*

*hearing it spit curses, vowing to bring the vengeance of his mother upon us, our families, our memories*

*swearing with brothers and sisters to stand sentinel against Tiamat and her ilk for all the years to come*

Even as I'm moving, on muscle memory not my own, left hand drawing open the jacket, right going for the pistol, my mind is awash with conflict and doubt. What makes me different from the monster in front of me, wearing another person's skin, having stolen their life to complete their goal? I feel revulsion at the cost paid for me to be here. I don't want to be a killer, or to bring ruin to the world. Humanity deserves the chance to survive, to make the world better than they found it. They? We? Am I human? Was I to begin with?

All I know is, we are the choices we make.

And I choose to try and live with this one.

I draw my gun. I take a shooter's stance. Left hand around my right. The gun is kept steady. I take aim as the asakku in Gatharion's skin grabs the entranced magician by the neck, ready to plunge the dagger in. Circe is screaming, reaching out her hand, spell at the ready, about to give up a precious, unrecoverable memory, about to break the circle.

The gunshot's a deafening thunderclap of finality.

Gatharion's head snaps unnaturally. He drops, limbs twitching. Circe falls to her knees, staring at the body, then at me.

I've killed again.