First time post. I hope this is the correct way to post. 

Otterly Ridiculous:

I think it is weird how he doesn’t talk. Sitting in his cubical all day just looking at the computer screen, barely moving, it makes it hard not to wonder about this awkward fellow.  The trench coat is another topic all together.  He wears it all day while in doors. The collar of the coat is popped up obscuring half of his face and his top hat covers the rest.  The only way to see his face is to look directly at him, but I never have and probably never will.

When he does move, it seems to me there are a cacophony of strange undulations under the trench coat.  It is like each of his body parts are moving independently of the other, but working in unison towards an objective.  The move from the desk to the office refrigerator is a typical movement for him.  Each day, he packs a brown paper bag that is grease stained, leaking and smells of raw fish.  Every few hours he gets up and writhes his way to the refrigerator and opens the bag.  Normal people tend not to eat in front of the fridge, but manors mattered little to the man in the trench coat. Today was different though.  I noticed that he was not eating, but taking small fish out of noxious bag and placing them against his neck. Then, to my utter surprise, two furry, little, brown paws reached up from under his white collar, retrieving the small fish and disappearing under the collar in an instant.  This repeated three to four times.  Honestly, I cannot remember because I was shocked.  Had this man bought his pet into work? No, I did not see any indication that this man was hiding a pet in his shirt.  The dimensions were all wrong and disproportionate. But where did the hands come from and where was the fish going?

Later that day, I decided that I needed to get to the bottom of this questions.  I was fixated on the strangeness of the man in the trench coat. The plan became clear. I would wait for the end of the day and confront him after work. As the day drew to an end, the anxiety started to build inside me. The thoughts of what I would say, how I would say it, and what would be the outcome raced around my head.  All of which, had no good solutions. Rationality, it seems, has won this battle.  I have been pretty stressed at work lately and there is no possible way that this man is actually hiding a pet in his shirt all day while at work.  Before thinking I completely lost my mind, I decided it was time to go home, have a drink, take a shower and relax, a bit.

I gathered my belongings and turned off the light under the overhead cabinet in my cubical. I signed off from my work terminal, put my jacket on, gathered my backpack and cellphone and made my way to the elevator. “I will be home soon : ) .” I texted to my fiancé while waking to the elevator. I put my phone into my pocket and as I looked up, I almost gasped a loud. The elevator button was not pushed, but the man in the trench coat stood, starring at one of the elevator doors, as if his sheer will alone would cause it to open. “Excuse me.” I whispered, as I stretched to press the button while maintaining my distance as far as possible from the man in the trench coat.  His absent response made me feel awkward and particularly uneasy. The door in front of the man in the trench coat opened, and he undulated in and stood exactly at the center of the elevator. This man clearly had no notion of personal space or any interpersonal skills to speak of.  I made my way onto the elevator and stood directly in front of the buttons on the right side.  Since he had not pressed any of the buttons already, the responsibility to press “G” for ground level was left up to me. I must have pressed it about ten times before the doors closed.  The realization eventually hit me like an anvil. I was alone with the man in the trench coat in a steal box seven floors above ground.

The first thing I noticed was my breathing.  Immediately after pressing the button on the elevator and the doors closing, my breath was normal, but as time went on the pace became faster and faster.  My heart rate began to increase and I could feel the skin on my forehead becoming clammy. Time was slowing down. Every minute, turning into an hour, every second, turning into a minute, and all the while the man in the trench coat was there, facing the front of the elevator with the trench coat fully zipped and his top hat leaning down so that his face was completely obscured. I could feel his presence without looking and I would not look. I could not look. My muscles could not contract enough for me to use them at this moment. I was frozen.

“Ding--Dong”. The doors opened and I promptly scurried out of the elevator cart and power walked through the lobby and out of the main doors. The fresh air relaxed my airways and I could finally breathe again unrestricted.  The grip of fear had loosened and I was free, but the footsteps coming toward me reminded me I was in public. I turned around to see the man in the trench coat facing me.  The blood immediately drained from my face. I waited for what was to come.

The man in the trench coat lifted his head for the first time I could remember.  I saw his face.  It was mask like.  Expressionless.  He then proceeded to remove his hat, displaying his wild brown hair and disproportionately small skull.  Next, he removed his trench coat. To my surprise, there was no man to be found. There were five otters in the place the man was just standing. One otter for each leg, one otter for a torso, one otter for each arm and one otter for the head and neck.  All were smiling, almost childlike. Next, the head otter removed the mask-like face, and in one movement, they all jumped like little furry acrobats, and all five landed on all fours.  The astonishment washed over me as I watched this man disappear and these otters run away.  The fear and skepticism I had for the man in the trench coat, turned into happiness and wonder for the otters.

As a human, the man in the trench coat was awkward, shy and social outcast.  But under the trench coat, the otters were happy, fun and outgoing. It’s strange to contemplate otters pretending to be humans, but after today, I think I will contemplate how humans should try to emulate otters.