"Michael?! I think I need your help! Hurry!!!", I heard my younger brother James yell from the kitchen.

"What's the matter now?" I muttered as I made my way to him from the living room. Mom and Dad were off to some party tonight so I was stuck at home baby-sitting James. The movie we've both been wanting to see was about to start so I ordered him to microwave us some popcorn while I got get some blankets from upstairs.

"Seriously! My sides are all burnt! Did you even bother to read the instructions at all?!", I heard a low raspy voice grumble in the kitchen.

A cold chill crept up my spine. Who was that just now? Did some stranger get in? But the house was well warded and stuff? You don't just easily break into a mage family's home.

The sight that greeted me as I entered the kitchen was a strange one. My brother looked fine, but he was staring at a bag of popcorn on the counter. A bag that was wobbling with its lower corners acting like some short stubby legs as it paced back and forth. There was a bit of visible blackened burnt marks on its side... and was that a mouth in front?!

"And another thing!", the animated bag groused. "What kind of shitty microwave did you use?! It doesn't even have a rotating carousel. No wonder I'm so uneven and I can feel some unpopped kernels still in me!

The thing continued to rant by itself while I asked my younger brother, "What did you do?".

"I didn't mean to! I got the popcorn ready just like the usual, but we were out of salt. So I tried one of those easy flavoring spells they taught us in Home Economics a week ago and the bag just came to life. I don't understand, I did it right before. I even focused and projected my intent and everything.

"The spell you cast was *Salsus*, right?"

"Oh...", my James looked down guiltily. You know I have trouble remembering those old latin words, so I thought just saying *Be Salty* would be just fine.

"And am I leaking oil?! Uggh! I feel disgusting...", the bag continued on as I try to think of a reversal spell.