Darkness. The moon is covered by the clouds. I have my hood pulled over my head as I sit crouched in the wild bushes. My mind wanders as I wait for the signal. Will this work? Am I foolish to be doing this? I resist the habitual urge to tug on my cloak. The cloak is primitive but effective; its pitch black fiber is conceals me without giving off energy readings and shields my body heat from prying eyes. 

A light. 

On. Off. Three seconds pass. On again. That's the signal.

I carefully extract myself from the bushes and make my way towards the mansion that now towers over me. My destination is the third window from the top far-right. Guards circle below, their enhanced visors peering into the darkness, for intruders. 

For me. 

I allow myself a smile as I contemplate the irony in advancement; with infrared eyes, atomic motion sensors, and enhanced hearing, the guards have grown lazy. All it takes is knowledge and skill. Counteract their machines, and the ancient stealth skills win the day. But of course they didn't know that. The Overseers forbid ancient knowledge, labeling it "dangerous" and "primitive." 

Ignorance breeds control. Bastards. 

And so it is with every society that those in power crush those who don't. Spreading lies about the "unsustainable growth of humanity," the Overseers assumed power two months after the Alpha was discovered and convinced the world that 300 years was far too long to exist. 

That was 6 billion years ago. I know because I keep a running count of the days. 

As I creep around the side of the house, I hear two guards in conversation. 

"... Another goddamn election," the one closest to me says. "Makes me sick. These idiots will say ANYTHING to get in."

The other one strokes his beard, obviously impressed he has one. "True... But you know we won't have to deal with that for long" 

The first one stiffens. "You know we can't talk about that he-" 

"Shut UP, Jack, I know." the other cuts across. "As long as we don't name it we're good" 

In the time of their babble I free one of my diversions from my belt and aim it at a suitable spot. It's coat, along with my cloak, resists the frequencies of their detectors. Child's play.

The diversion soars through the air silently before landing in the bushes not far from where I had made my original advance. It makes no sound or light, instead emitting a holographic copy of my silhouette for 2.5 seconds, then disintegrated into ashes. 

That does the trick. "HEY" the guards shout, seeing the energy of the diversion on their HUDs. They run towards the source, guns already firing, and I scale the wall before they realize their error. 

The real trick is to let them think they've got you. 

I'm at the window. I can see in, but no one can see out. Inside I see her, sitting on her bed staring at the door. 

She is here. I feel relief flood through my veins. Fingering around the edge I find the trigger mechanism and attach my temporary stopper on it. I ease the window open and climb quietly inside, shutting it with the same care. 

There she is. After all these lonely years. Just as beautiful as I remember her. 

"You know, I've never been in your room before." As soon as I speak she bolts around wide eyed. 

Figures. The people who know of me believe I practice magic. 

She regains composure. "I was expecting a conventional entrance." Her brown eyes peer into mine and I'm filled with intense longing. 

"Cass," I say almost as a whisper, stepping towards her, "there's nothing conventional about me."

"Is that why you begged for a meeting in the middle of the night?" 

"We wouldn't want your father knowing, would we?"

Cass looks away. "No... We wouldn't." 

Alarm bells are ringing in my head. I look at the door and see there's a screw hole on the handle with no screw. But I can't stop. I need to try. 

"Cass," I begin, fighting to keep my voice neutral, "Your father knows how old I am. How old my brothers, the Shades, are. He wants me dead." 

Her voice comes out strained. "I know." 

"But I also know how you feel about me, Cass." I say. "And you know how I feel about you." 

A tear is forming in her right eye. That beautiful eye.

I gesture towards the window. "Come with me," I beg. "You know we can live forever once we get past the Dark Zone." I pause, letting my offer sink in. I need her. "All your father wants is to keep us under his eternal bullshit! I know how old HE is." 

That does it. She's torn. Feelings for me and feelings for her father. I understand. But I need her to choose me. 

I hear footsteps. 

She hears them too and sees my face fall. Her tears flow freely now. 

"No!" She starts as fists begin pounding on the door. "It isn't like that!" The door is splintering. "He told me he'd KILL me if I left" The last sentence comes out a shout as the door falls down and hell breaks loose. 

It happens quickly. 

Guns poke through. I grab a heated smoke grenade from my belt and throw it down. I push Cass to the side as the guns fire and hit the ground. Smoke billows out and blinds the guards' thermal goggles. I raise my pistol and fire three shots. Three shots, three bodies. Cass is screaming in the corner. I shoot the window and jump out, my cape expanding with a metallic support. The time for stealth is gone, and my cape's inner boosters carry me up through the clouds to foil scanners. 

I fly for a dark speck in the distance that grows into my ship, and I climb on board. I am filled with a mixture of shock, rage, and sorrow. But this isn't the time to cry. I hit the stealth generator and I vanish into the night sky. 

After flying for hours I think back on Cass. She was forced to betray me. Her own father would have killed her to stop me. 

My emotions make me tremble and a cry out in the cockpit. Tears now flow freely from my face, and I can barely see enough to pilot. Regaining composure, I speak to myself for what had to have been the trillionth time. 

Loneliness does that to a man. 

"Overseer Roth thinks I'm going to the Dark Zone. Good. Let him think I've fled."

Silence as I fly for another minute.

"But I'll be here, watching over you... I'll be protecting you... I'll be your Shade... Cassidy..."