There he was again in his small hut in the middle of a small town named Guthram. The town was long deserted, as it's inhabitants fled as soon as they heard tales about this bearded old man. 

It was a cold Autumn morning. Sunlight peeked through the torn curtains and glistered upon the rows of swords on the wall. Those were his prized possessions: some were hand crafted from scales of dragons or the most precious of gems, but most were trophies from his ill fated enemies.

In the corner he sat, next to a furnace with crackling flames. A heavy, unremarkable steel blade sat across the anvil, one that looked just like the hundreds of blades that lie all over his hut floor. His arms filled with wrinkles, but still strong when he slid the blade across a sharpening stone. 

Everything went quiet. He never thought it was possible to get quieter than what he was used to, as he heard from no birds or crickets for the last 10 years. The furnace flame went out and he was greeted with a hooded figure next to him. The hood was grey, torn and draped across a misty figure. Floating in front of it was a scythe with a glowing green blade, and barely visible was what seems to be fingers around the wooden handle.

"Is it my time to go?" as he broke the silence. His voice stutters as he first spoke in 10 years. The silence continued for some time, and was again broken by a swift swing of the scythe.

"Clang!"

His blade caught the scythe's.

He held death back with at first his right hand, but soon he had to use both hands as he felt that he was overpowered. A gentle grin emerged on his face: he never needed both of his hands in a duel, until now. 

Death did not budge. The scythe floats perfectly still as his hands starts to tremble. His blade soon corroded away and he ducked from the swing. Death stood still as he darted across the hut to reach for his weapons. 

The dagger of Moriah, forged in the blood of a demigod that sacr- broke in half when it hit death's hood; Blade of Imberth, casted from a scale from the great white drag- melted away when it met with the the scythe. It didn't take long for him to realize that none of his mortal weapons were useful against death.

The hut slowly fell apart as he ran through all his blades. Blades made from precious metals melted away, blades made from precious gems shattered. 

Death was infuriated, as he delivered a swing straight down onto him. He grabbed his nearest blade and caught the scythe by the tip. He almost missed as the blade was mysteriously light. He held back for a brief moment before letting go; the scythe cleanly sliced his left arm off.

He rolled over anticipating immense pain but there was none. To his surprise, in his left hand, (which was now a few feet away) was a wooden sword. But this was no ordinary wooden sword, this sword was made from the roots of Yggdrasil, The World Tree. It was useless as it's edge could never be sharpened. Every bit of material removed simply grows back, but this was the only blade that could hold itself up against death. The notch on the blade from the impact was now fully healed. 

He crawled for the sword and charged towards death. Death was shocked, but still swung his scythe in defense. The scythe nibbed his index finger on the handle, but he pulled back with all his might.

The scythe fell on the ground next to him, killing the grass and scorching the dirt underneath. Death's hood fell.

"I won, I guess" he chuckled, as he reached for the scythe. As soon as he gripped the scythe with his four fingers, his flesh boiled away and his remains disappeared. The hood floated once again behind the glowing scythe.

