"So that'll be 4 Fire Resistance potions, a fog bomb, a Blackthorn Wand, two Wyrmslayer sets and a Staff of Restoration?," I asked, my broad smile stretching from ear to ear. It'd never reach my eyes, though; but I doubted they would see that with the dimly lit hearth and flamboyant arrogance in the way.

"Yes, that's it," a chappy young woman with blonde hair replied. I'd placed my money on her being the healer for them, I'd seen enough of their type. Curvy, elegant and kind was simply a masquerade they wore to stay away from danger.

"That'll be 763599 Horcorz, Ma'am," I grinned, and this time my eyes actually lit up. Unwilling she settled the amount and grumbling about overpriced goods, the party of four left.

Quickly, I closed shop, and slung around me my best magical gear. Natural talent and access to unlimited supplies just went hand in hand. Besides, you needed some form of defense with all the thieves these days. *Human* thieves, might I add.

I scrambled down to the basement, shoving aside my short hair and lightening up the room with a quick Nanosol incantation. I stepped towards the portal / scrying ball, and begun my search, though I'd already guessed their path. They'd made it crystal clear they were going to rob a dragon, and there was only one of those nearby.

I had a quick peek to confirm my suspicions, and saw them chirpily skipping along, decapitating any poor orc that got in their way. Imbeciles. Anything they regarded stupid or savage, they simply murdered without second thought, with no thought about the families they were destroying. My blood simply boiled simply at the idea.

Hastening my spell, I opened a portal to Dracox's Keep. I was so familiar with the place I could open portals their in my sleep.

"Kurt," a voice boomed, it's urgency palpable, "More raiders, I'll assume?"

I looked around the massive Castle, still amazed by its enamour. Armed sculptures stood around the throne room, buried under piles of various treasure. I had to hover just so I didn't drown in the gold.

I nodded, and begun to protect the dragon. Immunity to visual defects? Check. High -grade physical enhancement? Check. Anti-Healing Aura? Check. 

The glowing lights on my fingertips faded, and I took out 10 solid Carbonium talon covers.

"Wear this, so you can peirce through their armour," I said, tossing him the sac. I eyes him expectantly.

"Yes, yes I'll get your payment," Dracox sighed, rummaging through the heap. He pulled out a tattered doll.

"Here. It's a Highly Enchanted Voodoo Doll that allows one to connect with a simple scrying orb. I got it last time, after they found out I was immune to Soul Tampering...," he sighed. A thanks began to form on his formed tongue, but his pride kept it in.

I'd never cared much for money. Antique relics like these, however, were certainly very handy. 

"I truly do hope you'll be able to open up to me one day," I said, throwing him a vial with a blue coloured liquid, "It's an Animation potion. On the house. Try it on those statues." I smiled, and left.

When I returned however, I was met with my musty old basement and a quivering orc. Kopash. He could barely stand still, holding on his hand an Imperial Parchment. I snatched the parchment up, and read it.

*Court sponsored monster elimination projects to be launched,* it read, in thick black ink.

A memory of my mom falling into my arms, brutally shot with burn wounds all over flashed before my eyes. Rage welled up inside me, and I turned red. There, with firm resolve, I swore I would do something to help. Kopash saw me, and straightened, his eyes filled with awe.

Yes, I would do something. I would save these poor souls from those wretched humans. I'd do something I've never done before since the Imperial Order, since they legalized this blasphemy.

*I would fight back*

r/BetterTales for more!

