"You did what!?" The booming voice echoing through the halls. "Well you said we had to put a void drive into the..um...exal pool? But we figured that two of those would increase the efficiency of the pool!" 

The tall, grey creature stood up from his throne, folded his four arms behind his back and snarled. His face resembled an anteater, but only if it had been described to a blind artist by a near sighted child.

While the overlord was as bulky as maybe three or four Vin Diesels and looked like he could bench press an elephant or three, the human in front of him looked quite at ease and was absolutely beaming with pride. 

"Please tell me how one could increased the efficiency of a pool?"

"Well not really the pool part, but exal part. Since the pool was build it didn't have water. Well this whole planet doesn't. We figured it must come from the void drive! So we added two instead of one. You know to make if more exalty!"

"That's not a thing." The Overlord sighed.

"It is now!" The human replied.

Hiring these weaklings was a bad idea to begin with. While the universe was unstable and war was common, Earth was always spared. Beware of the humans. Do not hire them, do not antagonize them. Do not give them any of our technology. 

At first Zartok the Conqueror didn't understand at all how these creatures were dangerous. He could crush them easily and none of their weapons harmed him. But they were intelligent and for that he hired them to build. 

Things went fine at first. Physical labour went well, all the basics and foundations were build in just weeks with much enthusiasm from the humans. 

It went wrong when the humans got new technology, well new to them. They started experimenting. Testing and ocassionally dying. Zortak would most likely describe them as lemmings, if he knew what those were, but he didn't.

A sudden explosion shook the chamber. One of many in the last few months. Zartok looked the screen on the wall, which showed the number 347 about 7 seconds ago. Instead the number 307 had replaced it.

"Void drives won't work together. I told you this. Once turned on they naturally reject each other. They will fly away and crash into something." 
Zortak sighed once again.

"Yeah you said that, but we have found a way to resolve that issue."

"WITH WHAT!? CELLULAR WELDING? GLUE, WHAT EVER THE HELL THAT IS, BUT THAT SURE AS FLORAK'S SKULL MANDIBLES DIDN'T WORK LAST TIME. SO TELL ME WHAT!!?"

The human searched through his pockets and proudly held up a small silver band.

"Duct tape!"