It was interesting to think how the times had changed over the years of watching Billy grow up. The core emotions had had an idea that things weren't as they should have been. Family Island had always had dark shadows and jagged thorns. The wailing of the things that lived there, disgusting amalgamations of life, had reached them across the Memory Dump. They'd always been too afraid to go there, uncertain of what lurked within there.

It was when he was 12 when the product of Imagination Land had entered the Headquarters. It had sort of looked like his father. They had tried to be polite to it. Tried not to stare at the seams that cross-hatched through its features, or look at whatever was writhing beneath them that occasionally pressed so hard that it put pressure on the stitching that held it in.

It hadn't spoken at first, but they'd all been concerned. They hadn't felt it should be there. But, things changed with development, right?

When the core emotions went to sleep and woke up, the Headquarters was covered in gore. The thing that looked like Father from Imagination Land was there, but it was different. Pieces of it had been replaced with what was clearly pieces of Joy. The remainder of both it and Joy could be seen smeared throughout headquarters.

When it absorbed Anger, it was while the others watched. Tendrils of grey with what looked like rotten spots burst through the stitches into Anger's flesh. The screaming was horrible. It took pieces and left the rest, just what it needed.

From then on,  “Father” took the controls. That's when the first memory orbs that swirled in yellow, red, and gray began. Sadness and disgust watched them forming, with Sadness crying as she looked over the animals.

When Billy turned 16, the others woke up to find Sadness had hung herself from the rafters.

Fear began groveling to “Father.” He was afraid that he'd be absorbed painfully. Sometimes the amalgamation seemed to listen to him as he would caution what things would get them caught, what precautions they needed to take.

Disgust became quite vocal with the amalgamation. He sounded a lot like Anger in the way he'd talk about women they passed. He didn't fear “Father” at all. In fact, he wasn't absorbed into the amalgamation. 

Disgust was a partner with it... as if the core emotions should have been “Father” and Disgust all along.