Benito ran has fingers through the dust on the concrete floor, the grit of the cement feeling like bone particles crumbling against his flesh. His shoulders were bent forward, his brown eyes not moving from the dirty floor inches from his face. Under his breath he hummed a soft song from a time that now seemed miles and miles away.
"Birds in the sky... You know how I feel..." 
His mother in New York had sung this song, mostly at the kitchen sink as she washed dishes. She would put him at the table with all the ingredients for supper, maybe hoping he would take it upon himself to start mixing the flatbread dough together to make the tortas. But his school books were scattered there too, with a notebook of  algebra equations written in his small, neat writing. His pencil hand paused as he heard the line she murmured. He glanced up at her silhouette in the light streaming through the open window, his thoughts crushed between algorithm and the need to run up and embrace her. The letter from the DHS sat beside her on the counter, little drops of soap landing upon the paper, making the ink well up like black tear drops. He felt stricken suddenly by emotion; he wanted to say something to her, find the words to say in a moment like this that would bring the lines of her face together in her familiar, warm smile. He wanted comfort from her just as he wanted to comfort her but he felt trapped by the innescapable knowledge that nothing he could say could rectify the terrible news which had arrived with that letter. The silence was back again and he wished she would sing the line again.
"Mama, a donde iremos?" He finally asked, his fear overpowering all else.
She froze, not turning to face him, and replied after a moment while shifting plates to the ringer.
"Tal vez vamos a ir a la casa de tía Bertha en Arizona."
Benito smiled then, because he liked Aunt Bertha and her ranch of horses. He remembered last summer how they had gone horseback riding along the desert trails, how surprised he had been by the presence of so many lizards and insects, the colors of the sandstone revealing purple and pink, how colorful it was in a place thought to be dead and unwelcoming. To a city kid, a kid from the borough, it had seemed magical, and ever since he had yearned to go back. One day he would live there, he had proclaimed to his mother and aunt, who had smiled slyly and secretly said to one another, "Él es su padre otra vez."
But Benito heard anyway and felt pride swell his chest and then intense curiousity. His father had passed of a heart attack when he was four and he did not remember him. His aunt had then taken out the old photo album and showed them all pictures of his father as a ranch hand in the 70's, mucking out the stable, riding with the cattle crew; his profile as he stared out at the lavender and peach sky, the camera flash not bright enough to illuminate his features in the golden light of the setting sun. 
Sitting at the kitchen table, he had remembered suddenly, sharply, that his aunts farm had been seized by the bank the year before. Though his mother had tried to hide the letter from him when it arrived, he had seen it tucked beneath the utility bill. 
They could not go to Bertha's farm.