The elevator's gotten itself stuck once before, so I'm not that surprised when it jolts to a stop halfway between the twentieth and twenty-first floors. 

They might be surprised when they pry those damn doors open and find me clouding up the place with cigarette smoke. I popped open the hatch in the ceiling to keep from suffocating myself. But you know how it is. You get trapped in an elevator, you get stressed. It's better than pissing in the corner, anyway.

I don't know how long I'm in there when the elevator finally eases itself back down again.

The doors slide open. I half-expect my boss to be standing there with a scowl and a lecture about smoking in elevators.

I wince and wait, but there's only one person there. She looks at me, at the still-lit cigarette. Wrinkles her nose.

"You know you're not supposed to smoke inside, right?" she says.

But I can't listen to her, not really.

There's a little glowing screen, nestled in the palm of her hand. I lean forward to stare.

She pulls her arm back, instinctively. 

"What's *that?*" I ask.

Now the woman narrows her eyes at me. She looks over my uniform, the elevator. "I think I should get a manager or something."

I snuff out my cigarette on the bottom of my shoe and laugh at her. "Uh, okay."

When I step out, the lobby looks nearly the same. It's nighttime in New York still; the hotel's glossy front doors let in the light-speckled dark. The floors are just as sleek and smooth and shiny. But the art on the walls is different. The *people* are different, their clothing tight-fitting and strange.

And there are screens. There are screens absolutely goddamn everywhere.

I stumble up to the front desk, hoping to ask Karen what the hell is going on here. If this is all some kind of elaborate joke.

But I don't recognize the man standing there. Behind him, a massive television with our logo cycles through pictures. It is impossibly narrow, no thicker than my thumb. Even the computer screen in front of him is just as bright and thin.

"Can I help you, sir?"

I manage, "What the hell is going on here?"

The front desk manager frowns at me. His stare settles on my uniform. His is black, slick, a gold-monogrammed logo on the breast. "Sir, are you a guest here?"

"No I'm not a *guest*--"

Someone reaches behind me and rests a gentle hand on my elbow.

"Oh, Jack," a woman coos. "I'm so glad you've made it."

I turn, eyes wide in disbelief.

I don't recognize her for a second. Black covers her from head-to-toe. Narrow jeans, heavy jacket. Even her earrings are gleaming black pearls.

Her eyes needle mine, meaningfully. "Come on," she says. "We've got a reservation."

She pulls me away before the receptionist can ask me about my filthy old uniform. She loops her arm in mine and murmurs low, under her breath, "We need to go. Now."

I want to argue. But instead I pull away from her just to put my coat back on.

"I'm not sure what the hell is going on here," I admit.

"That's okay." Her smile is crisp and humorless. "I do."

I follow her out into the rain-darkened street.

She's moving fast, her head darting this way and that.

"We need to get you some new clothes," she says over her shoulder. "But first, we're going to hurry up and hide."

But I pause outside the hotel doors, just to marvel, for a moment. My hotel's street gleams with signs. I don't recognize half of them. And the cars swishing back and forth are so rounded and smooth and I can't stop watching the rain scatter over them.

The woman seizes my elbow and jerks me toward her so hard I nearly stumble.

"What the hell?" I snap.

"What part of we have to *go* don't you understand? I didn't bring you twenty years into the future so you could stand there and gawk."

A hundred different arguments swirl in my head. I finally settle on, "Sorry, what?" like some kind of goddamn idiot.

But her eyes scan over my shoulder. For the first time, I recognize her look.

She's afraid.

"They're following us," she murmurs.

I follow her glance.

Behind us, beyond the safe light of the hotel's front doors, there is a silhouette of a person. So dark I can't see his face. But he is lean and big-shouldered and undeniably watching us.

The woman hooks her arm in mine again and yanks me down the street. She hisses through her teeth, "Don't look back. Don't let him know we recognize him."

"He *who*--"

Her glare snaps up at me. She's pretty, somehow prettier when she's mad. "If you keep stopping to ask me questions, you're going to die before you get any answers to them."

So I stop asking questions.

I follow her, into the dark.

***
/r/shoringupfragments 

Should be done in one or two more parts. :) Thanks for reading!