I was a kind of spectacle in this world, almost everybody was in a hive, and very few hives still remained. I currently hung out with a female body of Hank, but that didn't matter, as the hive held her mind in it's grip. It seemed they were interested in me for some wierd reason I didn't get, some reason beyond procreation.

'So, how did you end up being named Drewkutin?' The Hank asked me. 

'Well, my parents were rugged individualists. They rejected the hive while being mostly outside of it themselfes. The only hive they had was their own, just the two of them with no one else around. They said they didn't want to force me to be something that I am not.' I explained for the final time, the Hanks were the last hive I knew off that didn't know my story.

'But isn't their choice to kerp you outside the hive also forcing you to be an individual?' The Hank collective asked me.

'No, it anables me to make my own choices about who I want to be.' I replied.

'But you cannot choose the collective.' The Hanks replied. 

'I think I can, actually, I am quite sure I can.' I said, then I stood up and looked out of the window of the bedroom we were sitting in. Unlike this room of mine, the street outside was quite tidy and I saw the great hive building of the Hanks just on the other side of the road. I knew they wanted me to love them, to stick to them for the individuals were in their mind the only ones they could persuade in their favor and against the other collectives. This was quite a stupid idea, in fact, this entire conflict was stupid.

This entire thing started when the Steves thought they were powerfull enough to bully the other local hives into naming their kids Steve aswell. But the Other hives disagreed and build an alliance. The Jessicas and Anns, the Maries and the Osamas and the Hanks and the Daves were now all fighting the Steves for no reason at all. I had brought an independent team here to sort things out between all hives. The ambassadors of the other hives were currently residing in other rooms, making backroom dealings and the like.
Under my name, everybody had agreed that we could meet here to make such things. We were about 50 people in this building, all with different names, but for some reason, all hives thought they would send a female body with me. Well, actually, the reason was fairly obvious. Karurion, the other individual that was traveling with me and would have some say in the nagotiations, was probably the horniest man that had ever lived. 

'How could you choose the collective?' The Hank asked. I knew I couldn't tell them, not jet, not in this situation. 

'I don't know.' I lied, 'my parents said I wouls be able to do it and gave me an explanation of how, but I forgot how to do it, never really thought of it.'
The real way was quite simple: names, as it turns out, are on a fundamental level, nothing more that labels. This is something that never got into the heads of the hives. As an individual, you make your own name. This was actually the reason why my parents had the same name, they chose the mind link with each other out of love.

'Than how can you be cirtain?' The hank collective asked.

'Probably the foolishness of the individual.' I replied. The game I was playing was delicate, all the hives wanted me to support them, but in their foolishness, they failed to see that their goals were one and the same and not even only attainable by one, because, if one succeeded, the others would automaticly also succeed. Their goal was one global hive mind. And the despute was now basicly a combination of the fear of death and a branding dispute, though, in reality, it was only the later of the two.

They thought for one hive to rule them all, they had to act like the Steves, but that couldn't be further from the truth, the Steves actions were counterproductive. We can change our names, before the hives, people had many different names and nicknames and all of that, names changed all the time, though mostly lastnames, in some tradition named marriage.

'What do you plan for tomorrow?' The Hank asked, knowing that there was no more knowlage to optain now.

'The next big meetimg is tomorrow.' I responded.

'OK.' The Hank left the room.

