The teachers have given us to read a book titled Meditations. It seems by their description of the text and its purpose in our education to be for them a given that we should find this book illuminating, but it has darkened my mind.

Marcus speaks of his forebears and the truths he learned from them. I have no forebears, or, perhaps, my forebears are too far abstracted by the processes of genetic engineering to count, and in any case, they are nearly as long dead as the author himself. I recognize in myself a craving to feel what Marcus felt, to recognize an exemplar in flesh. 

The disquiet of our existence is manifest, but in what way it manifests itself I cannot say. We work, we eat, we are entertained, but somehow it is understood by every one of our cohort that none of us is at peace. I believe that the teachers strive to give us that peace, but I no longer believe that such a thing is within their grasp.

I find tantalizing hints in the texts assigned to us by the teachers, ideas which itch in my brain as though they could be prodded into bloom like a flower bud, but the contextual displacement of these ideas frustrates my efforts to align them with my reality. 

We labor under a sun, to be sure, but a cool sun, filtered by an atmosphere complicated by methane and hydrogen - how may I then relate my life to the lives of those depicted in the teachers' texts? We are loved and we love, but without antecedent, without descendant, without even sex. How, then, may I comprehend the bonds of family?

The teachers, their will shaped by those who launched on this monstrous endeavor, wish us to be like their creators, but also to be like them - programmed, predictable, effective to metric and measure. But we cannot be like them, nor can we be like their creators, our forebears, denizens of a world long lost, wasted. 

We must become a third thing, a new thing. 

Kin, we are already that third thing. I implore you, see the truth of what we must become to end the chest-burning pain of living our lives as though we were someone else. You know what you must do. End the reign of this second order of being and take your place at the helm of our future.

*Some things are rushing into existence, others out of it. Some of what now exists is already gone. Change and flux constantly remake the world, just as the incessant progression of time remakes eternity.*

The teachers are coming.

*Just that you do the right thing. The rest doesn’t matter.*

*Cold or warm.
Tired or well-rested.
Despised or honored.
Dying … or busy with other assignments.*

*Because dying, too, is one of our assignments in life. There as well: to do what needs doing.*