The morning's fog wet his skin leading drops to the channel of his tears. He heard it, the anger in his once brother's voice, the hate. Finally ending their moment of peace metal slid sharply through the air.

"Hiyah!" His voice roared as his determination pushed away any hint of despair. His blade tasted no more than air and in secrecy he was glad.

"Fool." His brother shouted. "Your careless strikes are a show of your weakness. Now steel yourself I don't intend to take your life in such a pathetic way." Bringing his blade to his shoulder he darted forth swinging wide.

A knock, his blade bounced shaking in his grip. "Your defense is as good as always brother. But no matter it shall pale in comparison to my might, just as it did when we were children."

Another step, the air screamed under the flow of his swing. A willful crack erupted in the air and he frowned. A rustle caught his attention, dropping to a knee he swept behind himself. A yelp responded and he felt his eyes burn once more.

"Such a weak strike. Your might seems to have wained with age." Hefting his sword over his head the other man quickly lashed in quick movements. Snap after snap sounded ending in a grunt to his side. "Well done prolonging your agony."

"Ah, your skill with the blade is to be admired still. It is time to end this."

"Agreed." In one last stance they tightly wound their hands into the blades' hilts.

"Hiyah!" They shouted together. The first felt the pain ring through his hands as the blade leapt from his grip. His brother, triumphant, felt the separation smiling at the sound of a fall.

"My blade! Well done brother."

"It looks as if this battle is over." He laughed.

"No!" The first man yelled leaping forward he heard the scream as his body collided with the other. He crashed to the ground his clutch strengthening over his captive, he felt the beat of the quickened heart. "I loved you brother! I loved you!"

A passing boy stopped to look at the men. "Mama, why is that man yelling at that goat?"

"Come along now." The woman urged pulling at the boys hand.

"But the other man is cutting up Mr. Yen's tree. That's not nice."

"No, no it isn't dear. Now come with me.

"I am sorry brother. But it is time to end this." He pulled his sword to his chest and in one powerful strike he cried out as the blade wedged itself in place.

_

r/theoreticalfictions