"Thank you for seeing us on such short notice Doctor Vickman" The woman was tense, her grey dress ruffled and Crinkled. Her husband nodded, his grey suit crumpled and creased.

The aging doctor may have had grey hairs sprouting everywhere, but the laugh he gave was youthful and full of life itself.

"It's no problem, Mr and Mrs. Ross. Please, sit down and tell me whats going on here. I can tell that you're both tense as rocks!" Dr. Vickman chuckled, waving to chairs. The Ross's sat down quickly and quietly, an act that unsettled the doctor a little. 

The doctor coughed, clearing his throat.

Mrs. Ross jumped a little, startled. "Oh I'm so sorry again Dr. Vickman, but this isn't about me or Bob." Bob nodded attentively, waiting for his wife to finish "But this is about Barney." 

Vickman raised an eyebrow. "Oh, is the lad alright? I heard he just turned 13! Quite an exciting time for a child!" he laughed.

The Ross's did not laugh.

Bob turned toward his wife. "Well, me and Margaret here, we just wanted to give Barney a birthday party like normal, but Barney hasn't been acting the same." Bob was wringing his hands anxiously.

Vickman listened. "Well, whats been going on? Is he sick, ill?"

The Ross's turned towards each other. Margaret nodded. Bob sighed. "We think its best if you see for yourself" the couple said. "Barney, would you please come on in?"

"Okay ma!" came from outside the door, in a cheerful tone. The door opened. Dr Vickman gasped.

The young lad in front of him was brimming with life and energy. His pink hair was spiked in every direction, defying the very laws of gravity herself. His clothes were studded with buckles and buttons three times the size necessary and quantity needed. On the childs right hand laid a birth mark in the uncanny shape of a dragon, which appeared to be... yes, glowly slightly. As Barney walked through the door more, the sword on his back clanged against the door frame loudly.

Margaret stood up like a bullet. "BARNEY WILLIFRED ROSS, WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?" Her voice echoed through the halls. Barney smiled and closed his eyes. "I found it outside ma! I think it can even talk!" 

Dr Vickman slumped into his chair, his hand grasping his forehead. "Aw shit. Third time this week." 