It must have been strange at first. Everyone remembers the old battles, styled as ‘good versus evil’. In one corner was Prodigy, the young and dashing hero who always seemed to have perfect hair no matter what. In the other, Alexander Kane the ruthless and megalomaniacal corporate leader. The papers had always painted Prodigy as being the kind and compassionate hero, always willing to save the day and with a catchy line to keep the kids on track. Kane, obviously, had been the bad guy. He exploited the working man and used his ill-gotten gains to destroy the environment. Cartoons had always depicted him laughing while polluting a river, or cutting down a rainforest, or something suitably evil. Prodigy would swoop in and use his ice vision or laser breath or whatever to stop him and Kane would be forced use his lawyers to save him from prison once again. No-one ever questioned how it was he kept avoiding prison, it was all a part of the spectacle. Then one day, it happened. I think it was alien, the creature. Some people say it came from the oceans, or it was made in a lab, but I don’t believe that. The origin doesn’t really matter. Prodigy stopped it, eventually. But the damage was catastrophic. You can kind of see Prodigy knew that in the old clips, if you get to see them. People were dead and dying, infrastructure was destroyed. Then, there was Kane. He was bleeding, his suit was barely on him any-more. You can’t hear what he said, those old videos are so scratchy, but I imagine it was something like ‘This has gone far enough’. Then he stabbed Prodigy. The knife cut through Prodigy’s unblemished skin with ease, by the looks of it. Then Prodigy just…died. The next day all the TV’s played the same thing.

‘I have played along for as long as I could stomach, but I have portrayed the villain for too long. I warned you all of the dangers a being like The Prodigy would bring, but you have grown complacent. Starting today, I am assuming direct control of Earth’s governments. You can resist, but without Prodigy, we need to pull together to defend ourselves, and I would rather avoid unnecessary bloodshed.’

There was a token resistance, but the man had just defeated the most powerful being on earth without trying, *and* he ran the largest company in history, he had already won. Alexander Kane poured billions of his own money into rebuilding. He personally pushed through free healthcare funding for all the countries that didn’t already have it. He used his company’s profits to employ and train everyone he could to speed relief efforts. But that wasn’t the strangest part. I think if had just been that then another cape, you maybe, might have tried to take him down. But what he had said resonated with people. Threats had been increasing since Prodigy arrived. We had always assumed he would be there to stop them but now that he wasn’t…

We pulled together, we helped one another, what we didn’t need we shared and what we didn’t know we learned. For the first time in a long while, our destiny was in our own hands. There was no more Deus Ex Machina, Prodigy was dead. I’m not old enough to remember the days when those threats were common. I barely notice them now, though. The asteroid was deflected, the warship disabled. Negotiations with the Mariana king and his people are going well, so that’s a new source of protein for those in need. I do remember the day the creature came. I remember the fear. The desperate hope that Prodigy would save me. I don’t feel that way now, because I know that Alexander Kane will. That’s why I find it so hard to understand why you hate him so much. That’s why I’m here, Nightfury. I had hoped to talk you out of this plan, but I see now it can’t be done. I will let Mr. Kane know that you were a good person though. It will upset him that you couldn’t be talked around, but some people just need to be the man in the cape, I guess. Even though the rest of us outgrew that a long time ago.