It wasn't like I imagined, the day I found my soulmate. It was like I had been struck by lighting, but not how they mean in those romantic novels you find dog eared and well loved at the back of a charity shop. It was literally like I had been struck by lightning. A sharp bolt of power ran through my body balling up in my chest as if every nerve I had was on fire. It scared me a first, as new things often do but as it settled into an electric bundle of excited butterflies fluttering round my heart I found it almost nice.
 
The tinkle of the bell sounded behind me as the door to the stationary shop closed.

On some primeval instinct, my body steered itself - practically running towards - the counter. And there he was. 

Tall, dark and handsome. Well, actually more average height, lightly tanned but definitely handsome. 

He looked at me mildly confused but his gaze shone with the same electric energy I felt, his bright hazel eyes drinking me in. 

Why hadn't I put more effort in this morning, I silently regretted. 

He asked if he could help me.

At the sound of his voice, a stab of fear shot through me sending the spiralling butterflies into a pit of ice. 

I ran.

I ran so fast I barely heard the bells chime behind me. My mind blank, I ran straight out into the bustling downtown traffic narrowly avoiding being flattened as a cacophony of horns blared into the afternoon buzz. 

I only came back to myself as I threw my back against the cool wood of my apartment door. 

Though I'd never been a believer of, well, anything somehow I knew that under no circumstance could we ever meet again. 

I felt my still pounding heartbreak at the thought of it. The nervous energy much smaller now but still tugging in my chest trying to lead my back to the shop. 

Over the next few months I saw him another four times. I think he was looking for me, following that feeling in his chest drawing us closer.

I found him online, spent hours scrolling through his pictures and his feed. He was funny and kind, exactly the kind of guy I always wanted. 

But it wasn't until a year later that we met again. 

I had been slacking recently, it had been months since I'd last got a glimpse of him and weeks since any major flares of electricity my heart warning me he was close. And it was my birthday, I think that's why I didn't notice, my own excitement hid his presence like a shield. The feeling of his fingers in my own as he grabbed my hand set off fireworks in my entire being.

"It's you." He said. 

I grabbed my hand back and fled to toilets. Fifteen minutes later my sister found me and told me he'd gone, it was a private party so he didn't have any choice. And the next day a tsunami flooded the coast of Thailand, two hundred people died many of them children. It was our fault, I could fell it.

A week later he sent me a friend request. He'd seen my name at the party and apparently spent the last seven days debating whether or not to add me. It took me even longer to accept but eventually, selfishness gave out. He messaged me within seconds.

Apparently, we could talk, at least online. Nothing bad happened, no floods or droughts, no plague of locusts ravaging the land. And it was nice, it was so nice, actually, it was wonderful. 

He felt it too, that we were inexplicably drawn to each other but somehow cursed. 

With each month that passed my love for him grew stronger and the temptation to see him became harder to resist. I moved away, across the entire country to try and mute that nagging sensation in my chest to just drop everything and run to him. It was painful.

Then, out of the blue one day, he turned up at my door. It had been a really tough few weeks, my mother had died, her cancer finally beat her. And seeing her like that had destroyed my father. Things were becoming too much and he was there for me just one instant message away. I wanted to see him and was struggling to care about the consequences and he knew it so there he was. Outside my door on a warm summers evening with a bottle of wine and a pizza. The most perfect man in the world. And I slammed the door in his face.

I cried for him to go away but he wouldn't. Pounding on the door begging me to let him in, he couldn't take it anymore he just wanted to see me, he couldn't bear not being able to help. 

The feeling in my chest dragged me, against all good reasoning, closer and closer. Despite every fibre of my conscious trying to rip me away. 

My fingers unlatched the door then my brain clicked back in control and I slammed it shut on his hand. He cried out in pain as I ran to the other side of the apartment throwing everything I could grab back towards the door where he was subliming in and clambered out the window onto the fire escape and down the rickety stairs, my feet clanging loudly on the metal. 

He called down after me, shouting my name, apologising. Then he disappeared back inside.  I could feel him moving, the sensation in my chest flowing to pull me closer to him. It was getting nearer, he had to be running down the stairs.

As I reached the final platform he came flying round the side of the building calling out to me. 

My body was physically shaking and tears streamed down my face as I pulled the ladder up out of his reach. He ran faster than I've every seen anyone run when he realised what I was doing. He leapt, his fingers stretched out and his nails brushed the cold metal rung. 

As he fell to the ground I told him I was sorry. I told him I was sorry a hundred times. His face drawn out in agony as our hearts burned for each other. 

Then the anger hit. And I screamed, I screamed and I screamed and I screamed. I screamed at the world for doing this to us, for putting us so close but never letting us be, I screamed at myself for being so weak, I screamed out my hurt and my pain and my love. But I screamed it all at him. And I told him I never wanted to see him again.

He called after me as I climbed away, the hot tears burning my cheeks. He stayed outside my window all night, crying up to me. And I sat there and listened, hidden behind the blinds and my own cowardice. 

That was the last time I saw him, as he picked himself up bathed in the dawn light, dried blood staining his knee.

He tried to contact me when he got home but my own bitterness denied him. Too wrapped up in my own selfish grief to care what happened to the world. I kept the news off, afraid of what I would hear.

And then one day the light in my heart went off. 

I was sat at work when suddenly tears flooded out of my eyes. The constant gentle tugging, the bright electric feeling, the last connection that I had to him had stopped. 

At first, I thought something was wrong with me, I was ill or in the depths of my depression I'd finally lost the ability to feel anything. But that wasn't it. It took me two weeks to pluck up the courage to look for him. And there it was, his Facebook page and a hundred broken hearted posts. 

It was an accident, a car had lost control and careered onto the pavement, pinning him to building and killing him instantly. He was gone. And the world was safe because we would never meet again.