This is the first time I ever do this. So, be gentle.

\--------------------------

As I return to camp I'm greeted by the group with the good news. They all go quiet when they realize that I got my hand on the scar. "I had to fight a couple of them off in the store two miles away from the camp. As I swung my axe at one of them it got stuck in his chest. Another one was behind me. I didn't even felt it at first. But after cleaning the blood of myself I felt something burning. I just came back to say goodb.."

Suddenly two soldiers run past us."WE'VE GOT INCOMING!! They must've been drawn in by the noise." One soldier tells the other. The soldiers survey the area. "We don't have enough ammunition for this. MAKE EVERY BULLET COUNT!!" About 50 moaners are coming from the direction I came from. I must've drawn them out after my encounter. The two soldiers started shooting from the two door entrance but to no avail. There were more and more coming from the woods.

There was little time to act. I went over to the kitchen area where a propane tank was luckily still attached to the oven. "I hope there's enough left."

My friend Mark stopped me in the kitchen doorway: "What do you think you're doing??" "What do you mean? You see anyting else we can do here? They're out there because of me. I need to stop this."

\- "Those soldier guys can handle themselves! They got guns."

As Mark said that one soldier yelled "I'm out!"

I looked at Mark and said "Yeah well, I always wanted to go out with a bang."

I run down the hallway to the entrance and yell that people have to move out of the way. I see the pack of zombies nearing the doors. I run into them pushing them aside. There are so many, I yell out while they're trying to grab me. They all turn to me. As I stand in the middle of the pack I hold up the tank. They come closer and start biting me.

As the bullet penetrates the propane tank there's a white flash.

I see my mother taking care of me when I was sick.

I see my dad picking me up after falling down from the swing.

My first kiss underneath the cherry tree with Doreen at the end of my driveway when I was a kid.

Hanging out with my friends behind the local 7eleven.

Marrying Magali, she was so beautiful.

Colin and Marie being born.

I see that unforgettable moment at the lake where it was just the four of us underneath the stars.

So peaceful. I'm finally back...