The first symptom that dissappeared was the fog that shrouded Andrew’s mind, that had kept him paralyzed in a constant state of lethargy. It was suddenly easy to put the pieces in place, with his lungs working strongly, his body free of its habitual aches. His mind was racing ahead.

“Stop taking the pills!” he told the crowd gathered around him today. He'd been reduced to preaching on street corners like the doomsday prophets that haunted the big cities, but he didn’t care. People listened to them, didn’t they? Maybe they’d listen to him too. 

“It’s a big…scam,” he said, struggling to grasp the right word. ‘Scam’ was too small for the crime, but it would have to do. “The pills are keeping us sick, there is no disease! I bet they kept it quiet that they had cured it, or...or something. Maybe reproduced some symptoms in these pills so they can keep taking your money."

"Nutjob," a thin man with a ravaged, pock marked face snapped. 

"No, it's true! Stop taking them, and you will - “

He didn’t see the blow aimed at his head, but dimly saw the crowd scatter as he went down. Before his eyes closed, he saw the boots. Horribly familiar, neon green boots. Disease Control.

-------------

A different, smaller crowd was pressed around him when he woke. Fear cluthed at his stomach as he recognised the green clothing, but the Disease Control officials were *smiling* at him, not dragging him off to quarantine. 

“Welcome - Andrew, is it? Sorry for that little bump I had to give you, have to keep up appearances and all. The name’s Danny, by the way,” a large man with a neatly trimmed beard said, consulting a device he hadn’t seen in years: a tablet. And where did the man get time or the tools to trim his beard? Andrew rubbed the wild tangle that covered his own face self-consciously.

Danny laughed at the gesture. “You’ll soon look a bit more civilised, my friend, our little community has every luxury you could wish for. It's amazing, the stuff you can find just lying around out there, waiting to be picked up, once you have the strength to look for it."

“How?” he asked hoarsely, and for the first time noticed no-one in the room was sneezing or coughing, no-one was slumped and shivering with convulsions. He hadn’t seen anything like it before: they were all healthy.

“Why, we’re like you, of course,” a plump woman with a cheerful face blurted out, clear blue eyes widening as if shocked he hadn’t guessed. “Too poor to afford the pills, weren't you? We were all ready to die, too. And then we all figured it out, just like you.”

“Figured what out?” he mumbled, but they were bustling him from the room. He blinked in the bright sunlight, and struggled to understand what he was seeing.

Beautiful, sprawling homes built of solid timber or stone, not a single shack in sight *here*. Healthy children playing on the streets, shrieking with laughter. And a towering electric fence surrounding everything, a sure sign of a community that had been gated off. A quarantined community, he had always been told, its citizens doomed to death.

“Take a look, Andrew,” Danny said proudly. “We managed to overtake this place years ago, we never have visitors for some reason."

He laughed uproariously. 

"We were all poor and desperate once, swallowing the pills," he explained, slapping Andrew on the back. "Well, none of us have had any pills in years, and we've never been better. We’ve even got a collection of Disease Control uniforms, gathered over the years, for when we venture out. No-one bothers Disease Control.”

The others chuckled as if this was a wonderful joke.

“And we got to pretend some symptoms too, if we go out, but that’s just the price of keeping the secret, I always say,” the woman said, and suddenly grasped his hand. “I’m Marnie, by the way. Glad you get to join us, Andy!”

“It’s Andrew,” he said, pulling his hand free and staring at them, his head starting to pound as he tried to make sense of things. “I’m sorry, secret? Why haven’t you told *everyone*? Why are you keeping this from people? I’ve got to get out, got to find my family. They don’t know, nobody knows…”

There was a moment of silence, Marnie and Danny sharing a quick look that he struggled to understand. Then they smiled and patted his arm reassuringly, drowning his objections as they pulled him along into a small, empty house.

"Sleep on it," Danny said. "You can decide in the morning, okay? Our community is small, and we can always use new people. We'd sure love for you to stay."

"Here's an idea: you can get *everyone* to join you if you tell people the truth," Andrew said, but they just walked away, some shaking their heads at his suggestion. 

"We'll talk again in the morning, alright? Everything will make sense soon, I promise," Danny grinned at him, and gently closed the door after him, leaving Andrew alone.

He tried to summon the energy to leave the village, but a massive bed dominated the room they'd put him in, and his head was still throbbing from where Danny had hit him. He crawled in, sinking into the impossibly soft mattress, and was instantly taken back to his childhood. This was how it had been then - safety and warmth, no illness ravaging people. No illness...

When he stepped outside the next morning, it was pleasantly warm, the sky a deep shade of blue. It suited this place, with the laughing people ambling down the streets. Their eyes bright with health, not fever. He passed them, and a few called greetings - how had they learned his name so quickly? Did they think him a part of their town already? He was oddly touched.

“Slept well? Wonderful beds, right?" a bright voice asked, and he turned to find Marnie grinning at him, wearing casual clothes instead of the green uniform. "Made up your mind?"

"I've...got to go. Have to find my family, they simply have to know," he said, not without regret. It was a hard thing, turning away from this dreamlike town of health and happiness. Maybe he was dreaming, and would forget it all in the morning. He would almost prefer it.

"Meet the others, at least, before you leave,” Marnie insisted, taking his hand again and pointing to a large building in the centre of town. A wave of sound spilled out. “That's our Town Hall, so to speak. They’re all having breakfast. The least we could do is give you a solid meal before you go, bet you haven't had that in a while, eh?”

He was starving, his appetite had roared to life after he stopped taking the pills. He belatedly remembered that he hadn't eaten anything last night, either.

“Yeah, I'm pretty hungry," he muttered, as Marnie laughed and led him inside. 

“That’s the spirit, you’ll fit in here in no time, don’t worry,” she said, as if that were his main concern. “Hey, Sophie! Town special for this one, he needs a good pick-me-up.”

A woman with a bob of brown hair gave him a searching look, before nodding slowly. Soon, he had a plate of bacon and eggs in hand. The Disease Control 'officials' he'd met waved from a table, beaming at him. Danny eyed him as he dug into the food, and offered another explanation. 

“Don't you see we’re all rich for the first time in our lives, Andrew? Our lives are *better*,” he said gently. “We’re the only ones with health and the will to rebuild our lives. Think what would happen if the truth spread. We would lose everything, could very well lose our lives. Why, the masses will come for everything we’ve built once they regain their strength, you know they will."

"...bunch of savages," someone muttered, who was nodding along knowingly to Danny's words.

They watched him intently as he ate, as if waiting for his decision.

“Look, this place is amazing,” he said, finishing the food and still longing for more. Danny's wide grin faded as he continued.

“But I can't believe you've kept this to yourselves. It makes no sense, walling yourself from the world. Don’t you know what’s out there, how wrong everything has gone? How can you just sit here and ignore that?”

“Oh, don't look at the world, why would you want to do that? Depressing place. Just look at this amazing town, instead. Everything's right as rain in here, Andy,” Marnie said, sharing another unfathomable look with Danny before handing him a drink. “Juice?”

He drank it in one long gulp, desperately thirsty after the stack of bacon he'd gobbled up.

“No. It’s not right,” he said. “It’s - "

But he never got the words out. He was choking, and they were simply staring at him, Danny continuing to eat his own meal as Andrew began shaking with convulsions.

“Help me!” he gasped. “Can't…breathe...”

“Yes, the original illness does that,” Danny said, studying Andrew with interest as he trembled violently. “Available in drug form, can you believe it? One of their many little experiments. We found samples of it all, over the years, they have everything in the Disease Control centres. Uniforms aren’t the only thing we’ve stockpiled. It’s fairly unpleasent, but quick, if that makes you feel any better. Horrible, of course, but it acts fast. Can be cured quite easily too, as it turns out. I wish you’d have thought it over. *Outsiders*. So many of you never give this place a chance, and for what? Caught up in morality from a bygone age. Let's-just-tell-everyone, blah, blah, blah...” 

“Many of us?” Andrew whispered, before the world went blessedly dark.

---------

**Story edited and lengthened to improve pacing.**

Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.