"Hey B, long time since I've seen one of these. Wanna hook it up to a pc?"

I approach Geb, my bestfriend. It seems to be an early model for the b7-8000. It has a ridiculous amount of space, around 8000 Petabytes. He hands a heavy metal box labeled "HSLA" over to me, it has a lot of dark smudges.

We walk towards the ship, Geb and I go the testing room since we have to follow the *very* boring manual protocol to these sorts of things. We open it up to the testing computer.

I rummage through the HSLA labeled box more, revealing a mouse, headset, and a keyboard that's very obsolete. All have a label of H.P.

"There's only one file here. 'Video Games'?  'Last modified - 31/12/2221' That's ancient, probably valuable?" Geb says in a snobby manner.

"Well, open the file. Lets see."

"Alrighty then... oh wow... that's, a lot of files. Oh wait, it already says 89.17% capacity used. Well thats a lot of sifting to see if they're important or not."

"Can you search up the last file opened?"

"Ok, so.. 'Last modified - 31/12/2221' thats a long time man. Its names is, 'If found plz read thx' You sure they're not obsolete data, B? Because the disk is old and the other things are old."

"Or maybe you're just lazy. You know what scoot over, I'll do the manual review."

"Jeez"

I sit down on the chair and I open the file with a tap. The file reads:

"If you have found this drive, or disk, whatever you call it now in your time, has the oldest, classic games, that even I was not born when they released. This file includes Games from the first consoles, a portable gaming device, to the modern, Ultra RBG Cutomizable Personal Computer. Nah just kidding RGB doesn't enhance anything. I have aqcuired these files through a tediuos way of, hacking many company databases.

Here's the FAQ (yes I have planned for this.)

Who am I? I am Hutch Plank born on the year 2150 which makes me 71 years old. Raised in the garbage dumps by people that do not relate to my blood. I was thaught by my more fortunate friend Blaire, how to do anything. I soon married her and introduced her to gaming. And the rest after that is history. My wife and I currently have amnesia, thats why we're making this.

What to expect? Games with my personal opinions in word files. And probably some stray pictures.

Why am I doing this? Well simple, we people are lacking the leisure, creativity, and (well, lack of a better term) carefreeness a kid back in 2040 had. Almost all companies oriented to gaming has been slowly been fading into the regular peripherals and hardware a normal family with 2 kids would have. 

You can be the knight in shining armor of the gaming industry. But dont publicize it immediately, the industry needs loyal followers, like myself. They will build for you, admire you, and be loyal to you. 

Do this for me and my wife, please; and for the video games.

Best of luck, Hutch and Blaire

P.S. I've thought of shooting this out of a firework over my old home. Also, try out the action adventure games first."

Geb and I stare at the levitating screen as we both finished reading.

"Did you read it?" As I sat there smiling, waiting for his reaction. 

"Nah, its too long.. Im just kidding." Geb said chuckling.

"Wanna test it out?"

"Yeah sure, but be should we be doing this?"

"Its protocol, which means we need to."