A normal day, like any other. 

Dead end job making minimum wage, living in a shithole apartment. And the funny thing is, he was lucky to have this. He never knew his parents. In fact, he wasn't even sure he even HAD parents. The orphanage he had called "home" most of his early years said he just materialized in an empty crib one day. No one ever adopted him. Surprise, surprise. Most people seeking to adopt wanted to save people from their past by making them a better future. How could a boy with no past appeal to them? Eventually he aged out, and was met with a swift kick in the rear sending him on his way, not a penny to his name.

Considering his past, he was faring pretty well. He had a functioning car, more than most people of his economic status could say. He obtained it from his neighbor, who was a bit ill in the head to put it lightly. He believed not in gods or the afterlife, but in wizards and a place called "Magika". Was a blasted fool he was. Died in a raging fire that took a good portion of his house. Had even left a will, with a segment sanctioned to him. Gave him the car and a job application, which got him the job he was heading home from today.

The only stigma was to listen to the GPS, even if it took him off the desired course.

He hadn't thought much of that rule, until the GPS spoke to him in a way that feigned sentience. 

”Look, it's time you knew the truth. It will all make sense once you see. In 400 yards, make a hard right. "

He was taken aback by the device's sudden defiance, but decided to honor his end of the deal. After all, he owed his success to that old crone. The GPS took him on a crazy, convoluted path to the abandoned, possibly haunted warehouse on the edge of town. "There were a million ways you could've went that would get us here faster, you know." All the device said was "It will make sense once you see." Inside the warehouse, it was as barren and desolate as one could imagine. Bar one thing. An odd drawing was on the far wall, too far away to make out. As he approached the etching, it began to become more obvious what it was. This was a "sigil", a conduit of Magikal energy that the old bat always prattled on about. As he got closer, it began to light up, drawing him like a moth to a flame. He was only slightly unsettled when the pattern began moving. The inside rotated clockwise, the outside counterclockwise. He found that his mind was yelling at him, telling him to run and not look back. But his soul told him that he belonged beyond that sigil, and he touched the sigil. He felt dizzy, and saw the entire car ride in five seconds, then nothing. The GPS laughed. "See you on the other side, master." 

His body was never found in that world.


My first stab at this on Reddit, feedback is appreciated. 