"You..." Cold, hard eyes, that showed the telltale signs of seeing too much, narrowed at the sight of a beggar; leaning against the wall of an alley. Most of his body was covered by a worn and dirty blanket, but Ice never forgot a face. Ice never forgot anything, in fact.  

"Yes, sir? May I help you?" Adranos asked, through locks of matted gray hair. A single, hazel eye poked through, and within that ancient orb was a millenia worth of hardship and strife. If you looked deeper though, you'd see a hint of humor, like he had a good joke he couldn't wait to tell. 
 
Ice, in contrast, wore an immaculate suit and tie and he wore it well. His shoes were polished mirrors, shined with a hand that only many decades of practice could achieve. His stark white hair clashed with the dark shades of his suit, but the combination drew attention to his piercing gray-blue eyes. "I know you. You are not human." 
 
Adranos grinned, his teeth showing years of neglect, but an immortals teeth would always grow back. "That's one I haven't heard tossed at me. Been called dirty, been called lowlife, been called many things, but that's not one of 'em. You're right of course. I recognize you too... King Alfred."  

Ice nodded. "My parade passed by you on the street and you were the only one who dared make eye contact with me. Lords, Dukes and Barons all bowed in the dirty street, eyes to the ground, and yet a beggar has the balls to look me in the eye. Little did I know I was locking eyes with an equal. But, if you're an immortal, why-"  

"Why am I not living in the lap of luxury?" 
 
"Please don't interupt me, but yes. You have the time, you obviously have the patience. What stops you from rising to the top?"  

Adranos ran a hand through his hair to get it out of his face and gave a knowing grin. "Do you have time for a tale?"  

Ice looked down at his expensive watch and sighed. "Give me a moment." Ice pulled out his phone and quicky sent a message to his Secretary to cancel his next two meetings. "Let's hear it, old man."  

Adranos smiled wide and stood to his full height, causing Ice to widen his eyes in surprise. Ice was used to people being taller than him, but this man was a giant. "Follow me, old man."  

Adranos led the way further into the alleyway and towards a haphazardly built shack, made of scrap lumber and sheet metal. Despite its shanty appearance, it seemed to be waterproof and comfortable. Two white lawn chairs sat in front of a stool holding a chess set with pieces carved from soap. Further back against the wall of a building, underneath a thick pipe, was a roll out mat and a sleeping bag. Adranos gestured to one of the chairs, "Have a seat."  

Ice did so with caution; less than trusting of the cheap plastic. A moments silence ensued as Adranos pulled an eexquisite tobacco pipe and carefully lit it. Adranos took a few puffs before leaning forward and moving a pawn.  
"My story begins much like yours. I was born to a human mother and human father, but I was different. I've talked with a few immortals who told me their secret. None of them knew who I was, as they never thought to ask the lowly beggar if he was an immortal beggar. Though it will mean little to you, my name is Adranos. I've hidden myself behind the shadows for many years, but there is a name I've used that I think you'll recognize. Sargon." 
 
Ices' eyes widened in genuine surprise. "*You* were King Sargon?" Ice asked as he struggled to come up with a counter for the offense that Adranos was making on the chessboard.

"Indeed. I got my start at kingship very early indeed. I was one of the first immortals you see. Not *the* first, mind you, though I've met her. You may know her, you may not. She often goes by Torama when among humans, but she keeps her real name secret. You'll have to pry that from her yourself. I'll give you a hint; lady can't hold her liquor. Whiskey is her drink of choice. Anyway, I'm off topic. Yes, I was King Sargon. I founded my kingdom and watched it fall. Do you know what I learned? Humility. Any old fool can order people around watch things get done from the top, but real history is driven by the commoner. See this?"  
Adranos pulled up his shirt to reveal a jagged scar that formed a curved "L" from the bottom of his ribs to his hip.  
"This was proof that kings and commoners bleed the same. You think I got this in battle? In fierce combat to the death with a worth foe? No. I sent a detachment of troops to their death, so the young fool that I was decided I'd send another one, hoping for better results. When they failed too, I was preparing to send another when the brother one of those soldiers stopped me. With a blade to the chest in my own war room. He started at my diaphragm and ripped it down, before twisting it. By then one of my advisors tackled him, but that ripped it to the side before it came out. It was that day that I learned that every action I make has consequences. Checkmate, Alfred." Adranos leaned back and took a puff off his pipe, as Ice examined the chessboard in disbelief.  

"Since that day, I found I enjoy seeing the effect, rather than being the cause. I'd want to be the ship on the ocean rather than the wind in the sails."  

Ice nodded in understanding. "Ice." He said.  
"Pardon?"  

"My real name is Ice. Currently I go by David Johnston, C.E.O. of Silicone Solutions."  

Adranos smiled knowingly. "Ah, the C.E.O. Modern day king. I see old habits die hard, eh?"  

"Indeed. This has been an enlightening conversation. I have to ask though, how old are you?"  

"To give you perspective, when I started my rule as King Sargon, I was already six thousand years old. You?"  
"... I'm only fourteen hundred years old."  

There was a brief pause before Adranos exclaimed, "Well you *look* great!"