I sat down in my protection circle. In my given pose, I know I can break through— I have to... I don’t know how long I’ve been trapped in my own mind... everything felt so real... But it clearly isn’t. 

I settle myself. Reaching deep into my consciousness, I attempt to separate myself from myself. Gnosis it is called, a technique used by monks but also, by occultists. I must be careful, for say, this IS real, and I’m NOT in a coma, I am most certainly treading on the side of insanity. 

Minutes go by....

Then hours....

Finally, I have reached Gnosis— one with oneself. I feel a tingling sensation on my forehead, however. More moments pass— it matters not. For if this isn’t real, time is just a number. Further and further I tread into my mind, walking the paths, unlocking the gates, opening my consciousness. I feel as though this tingling is turning into more of a burning sensation. It’s slowly creeping around my head, ‘till it covers it whole. Yes, my head feels like it’s on fire. Then, my neck, my arms, torso, and on... my whole body— or rather, the image of it feels as though it’s on fire. It is still not enough. I lash out in rage, breaking my circle, standing up and throwing my hands in the air.

“God-dammit!” I shout. “God-dammit all...”

I slink back down into the circle.

“Fret not...” says a distance voice. I look up. Tricks of my mind? How? I’ve been in control of this half-reality, even when I didn’t realize it. This voice is coming from somewhere else. Could it have worked? Could I have broken through in some way, and I’m hearing the voice of a nurse or a family member? 

“I’m here!” I shout, “I’m alive! I can hear you!”

The voice laughs. “Alive yes, but asleep..” the voice sounds distant— as if it was standing inside a massive, reverberating sphere. “Look up” it says. I do. There is a perfect circle in the ceiling above, light shines down from it.

“Can you help me?” 

The voice laughs again. 

“I have been watching you for some time. I feel your emotions... your desperation. I feel the love you have for your family. I know, I too have a family. I shall help you.”

“Who are you? How are you in my mind?!” I shout, still looking up. Unknown to me, and hand falls softly on my shoulder. I flinch and turn to look who touches me... a women, clothed in light. A warm smile on her face. 

“Perhaps you have heard of me in your readings. I am Isis. Mother of Horus. Wife of Osiris. I am also known as Artemis or Diana. I embrace the Moon, for it is my home.”

I laugh. “A figment of my imagination then.”

She smiles. “Indeed. Imagination is everything however. Let me show you what you are missing.”

She reaches towards me, and presses her thumb up against my forehead. Suddenly, my whole body is once again consumed in a terrible, burning pain. Suddenly, I am no longer with the women. Indeed, I am thrown through the corridors of existence, out of my mind, out of my body, and suddenly, it all stops. I am floating above my body, though not the one I had left with the women. My other body— my real body. It lay, crippled and weak in a hospital bed— wires attached to my nostrils and arms. Constant *beep* of my heartbeat. Faint, yet there. I yell out, though no sound is produced. I look around the room. There is a nurse there, writing on a clip board readings from some machine. I reach out to grab her on the shoulder. My hand goes right through it. 

“What the hell?!”

“You walk amongst the living now, though they know not. They shant hear you, feel you, or smell you. You are air in the wind.” Says the women from somewhere distant. 

“This isn’t what I wanted! I want to go back! I want to be with my family...”

“Indeed, in due time. I must show you something, however.”

Once again, I am thrown through the Matrix, traveling at intense speeds to a location unknown.

“For me to help you, you must in turn, help me....” 