It was time. With a flourish of my gold-lined cloak, I stepped into my glittering reception room, its jeweled turrets and silk tapestries created from only the darkest and most skillful of magic. It had taken me a couple serving maids before I hit my stride, but now I could conjure up diamonds and rubies within seconds - I'd beaten my personal record just last week with a bejeweled kangaroo that looked great on my nightstand. 

As usual, Humbert was cowering in the corner, sweating profusely and tugging on the collar of his scratchy peasant's shirt. He had been more scared than usual the past couple spellcasting weeks, but I assumed it was because his poor peasant mind could barely handle the opulence I conjured. I made a mental note to summon him a nice velvet vest one of these days if I felt like it. I probably wouldn't ever feel like it though. I chortled a bit to myself over the power I held over this pathetic soul but covered it up quickly. 

"LACKEY," I boomed, my voice reverberating satisfactorily through the massive room. It had taken a lot of blood and incantations to get the indoor acoustics up to par, but it had been so worth it. "Bring me the next sacrifice. I believe it is the scullery maid this week?" 

Humbert's gulp echoed out, and he pulled a shivering flaxen-haired maiden from behind her pillar. I crooked a finger and beckoned her forward, and she took halting steps towards the dais, holding a filigreed emerald bowl with thick red liquid in her palms. "Have you prepared her sufficiently?" I demanded. 

Humbert nodded furiously, and I thought I caught the hint of a smirk on his face before it was wiped away. The scullery maid shot him a look, then whipped her head around to kneel and offer the bowl to me. Usually I started on the spell right away, but today I was feeling particularly dramatic and took the bowl from her. From the corner of my eye, I saw Humbert's eyes widen as I took a giant sniff. Instead of the iron scent of maidenblood, I instead smelled... tomatoes? 

It didn't take me long to connect the dots. That time I saw Humbert coming out of the servants' quarters with that smug look on his peasant face. The increased demand for potato sacks for dress-sewing. 

"INSUBORDINATE CLOD!" I shrieked, pulling on the powers of every single tomato that had gone into that ketchup to summon a dark purple waistcoat that began to compress in the sides, slowly changing Humbert's face the same color. "And you," I said, pointing a finger at the scullery maid, who was trembling frightfully but still managing to keep a protective hand around her stomach, "You could do so much better." With an explosion of color (unnecessary, but I couldn't help it), she turned into a fat rabbit that bounced guiltily out of the room. 

Leaving Humbert choking and gasping on the floor, I swept out to head to the nearest Costco for some more ketchup. 