*I don't even know where this was going. I was sitting at the bank waiting for an appointment.*


It's the year 2131.

"Your free trial of Universe Pro has expired."
I stared in bewilderment and confusion as the glitched popup box appeared across the computer screen. Like I couldn't tell. The popup was like something out of the 1990s, even on my Windows 10 computer. Not like I knew what the 1990s looked like. I was 16.

"Hey, Elia!" I turned my head towards my door as my foster mother's clear voice echoing through the hallway. I pushed my chair away from my desk and quickly scurried to the living room. My foster mother, Jaymi, gazed at the television screen at the same popup box. Her face was contorted in confusion as she muttered, "my God, it looks like something from the 1990s."

Suddenly, a voice rang out from the TV's surround sound system. The voice was deep and raspy, but at the same time was clear and easily understood. "Your Universe Pro system has been downgraded to Universe Lite. You will lose a variety of Universe Pro features. Do not be alarmed, you will recieve these back once you have paid." The message was followed by a brief clicking sound before all was, once again, silent.

Jaymi twisted her neck so that her dark brown eyes were upon me. She pushed her short brown fringe out of her eyes. "Who was that?" She whimpered. "Who... What... Why..."
I could sense that panic was taking over her soul. I put my pale arms around her neck and whispered into her ear, "It's okay, Mum, the government are sure to sort this." She calmed down as she heard my soft, high-pitched voice call her 'mum'.

"You're right." She lifted her hand and stroked my dyed black hair and gazed into my grey and hazel eyes. "We must put our faith in them."

--The Government of the World HQ, Isle of Arasea, A Small Island between Europe and America--

"WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO!?"

"The stars are vanishing!"

"The telescopes aren't working!"

Panic. Papers flew around the room as Government employees frantically searched for a solution. Higher-ups paced as they contemplated their worthlessness as Government officials. The Prime President stood at his desk, firing orders at people like bullets, his face distorted and ugly as he attempted to keep his cool. Finally, after a long hour of stress, the Prime President Daniel Tramf finally broke. "This is an emergency! We don't have 18 billion souls to renew our subscription!"

"Does it have to be human souls?" One woman, her tattered nametag reading "E i y  H or ei", desperately screeched.

"Yes!" Tramf shouted, causing every employee to flinch in unusual harmony. "The Earth's population is only 16,006,861! And we don't want to kill anyone!"

"What are we gonna lose? Do we know?"

"Ms Haorsei, we have no idea, we-"

Another message box appeared on the giant widescreen behind Trampf. A clear and excited female voice chirped what it said:

"For the reduced price of 16 billion human souls, you will get the following packs:
- the 'Space Travel' pack
- the 'More Stars' pack
- the 'Other Planets' pack
- the 'A Basic Understanding of Science' pack
-  the 'Evolution' pack
- the 'More Than Just Gravity' pack
And much, much more!
For just 16 billion souls! Buy Universe Pro now!"

Emily Haorsei, the desperate woman from before began to sob as she fell to her knees. "Who are these people? Gods?"

A chorus of male and female voices rang out. "Precisely."