Disclaimer: Long-time lurker, first-time poster! I'm sorry it is super long and I accidentally wrote about seals. Whoops.


“Larry!”

I shook myself out of a stupor—of course I quickly realized that a co-worker only yells your name if they have run out of patience from calmly repeating it to no avail. “Sorry,” I mumbled. “What was that?”

The portly man adjusted his fat tie with an exasperated tug. “I said, the new guy is getting added to your team for the project. You can pass that on to the others.”

I sighed. Babysitting the newbies always seemed to fall to my team. Regardless, I glanced about with resignation, locating the new hire with ease. Towering above the cubicles at an impressive near-seven-feet-tall, Mr. Samuel carried himself with a distinctive, hunched wobble. 

One couldn’t help but look this man up and down as they approached. Everything about his appearance was bizarre at best—clown-sized shoes jutted out from massive bell-bottomed corduroys, barely visible beneath a think, black trenchcoat that ballooned at the strangest places to reveal a silhouette like an ill-stuffed scarecrow. Long sleeves swallowed up his gloved hands, the fingers of which—quite frankly—seemed to be empty. His face was even stranger—a massive moustache and beard covered his face, but seemed out of place—and occasionally somewhat lopsided, to my imagination. Massive, wide eyes stared out from under his fur-trimmed winter cap that he wore daily despite temperate conditions. *He’s from Canada*, colleagues had said with a shrug when I had first questioned the man’s strange appearance and quiet demeanor. 

As I drew nearer, it became obvious that Mr. Samuel was struggling to replace the paper in the photocopier. The ream of paper was perched rather precariously between two gloved palms. His back curved strangely as he bent to set the ream in place, and I grimaced as the ream tumbled to the ground through his seemingly floppy fingers. Watching him claw at the fallen papers like a cat with sausages for digits, I had never pitied a soul more.
 
Until, in his half-bent distress, his buttons popped open.

Years later, I would question whether I truly saw what I thought I saw. And decades later, I would conclude that, yes, those were definitely seals I saw. Seals—plural—peeking out from beneath his trenchcoat. What I had assumed was a misshapen, gargantuan man was actually three smooth, black seals. Two heads poked out at the waist, and flippers were raised above their heads to support a third, larger seal who was somehow balanced on their shoulders. The pants-seals gazed upwards with expressions of what I can only assume was vexation. 

With a squeak, the top seal straightened stiff as a board. Gloved flippers grasped at the edges of the open coat with the dexterity of an infant. The other two looked about in a panic and realized that I was staring at them. For a minute or so, the three of us stared at each other, unblinking and unbelieving.

“Oh, Henry!” a voice called.

The Seal-Man and I spun on our flippers/feet. The voice belonged to Mary-Sue, a lovely woman whose crow’s feet and dash of grey at her temples indicated her age. She marched straight up to Mr. Samuel and shook her head with a ‘tsk-tsk.’ “Just look at you, Henry!” she exclaimed.

I watched in bewilderment as she pulled Mr. Samuel’s coat together and buttoned it firmly. With a pat on his elbow, she shot him a smile. “There you are, dear. I’ll get these papers sorted, they’re a little tricky to get into the tray. Why don’t you head back to work?”

With a grateful nod, the wide-eyed and whiskered Man-Imitator flopped away.

I had just opened my mouth to protest when she rounded on me, mouth set in livid lines. “How—” she sputtered, “how dare you just stand there and stare at the poor man when he clearly needed help?”

“But,” I started, so exasperated that I didn’t know how to continue. The new guy wasn’t a guy at all—he was three seals in the vague shape of a guy. She had seen the seals too, hadn’t she? Finally, I rambled on: “He’s not even a real man—”

My words were cut off by the back of her hand. I absentmindedly touched a hand to my stinging cheek. That unrestrained back-hand would have been more shocking if I hadn’t been so distracted by the tears I could see gathering in her eyes.

“Just because he is different,” she choked out in an angry half-sob, “does not mean that you can treat him like a circus act.” And with that, she stalked away. 

For the first time, I noticed that everyone in the near vicinity had paused in their duties to watch the confrontation. Most openly glared at me, while others refused to meet my eye. In mere minutes, I had become the office pariah.

I went home sick for the afternoon, hoping that the next day I would discover that everything had been a fever-dream, or food poisoning, or something else more believable than the Seal-Man.

The next day, I went in to work. Mr. Samuel was nowhere to be found, and when I asked a couple of colleagues they simply shrugged. However, a few of my coworkers actively avoided me from that day on, and over time they too disappeared; as did that fishy smell that always seemed to cling to our floor of the building.

To this day, I am afraid to go near the ocean.
