I paused, a little unsure of what I just heard. "You don't need the theatrics, I know where I am I know what my fate is"
Lucifer stopped and turned towards me "I am still the ruler of this land and you will do as I say." His voice grew louder, black blood was starting to surge through his veins and became visible under his ashen skin and his eyes went from jet black to fiery red. "I have no plans to torture you. I like you and I think you have a place here, not as a soul been tortured but as one of my torturers. Your deeds back on the big green were inspirational and while this might be hell your afterlife can be very comfortable.... if you do as I say"

He turned away and in a flash of white hot fire we were suddenly sat round a marble table, a huge feast laid out in front of us. A number of other beings had joined us, demons, men and other unimaginable horrors were drinking together and laughing. I tore I eyes away and started to indulge myself, why the hell not. Lucifer laid out his offer. Sinners still need to be punished and someone needed to punish them. Lucifer needed people to take care of the menial tortures so he could focus on the big ones. If I said I'd do it if stay in the black city, all of my own perverted desires catered for. 
"Considering this is meant to be hell it sounds a bit to good to be true."

A smile flash across his face "There is a test of course. You must prove yourself worthy, show me that you have the type of twisted, evil soul needed for this work." He took a drink from an ornate chalice, staring deep into my soul. "You must design an eternal torture for a soul of my choosing. *If* I believe the punishment fits the crimes and *if* it's truly depraved enough then I shall welcome you into my inner circle with open arms however, fail and you will endure that eternity instead. The correct one, the eternity I choose"

His eyes were glowing again, and evil smile carved into his features. There was no other noise, everyone was focused on me now.

"So tell me, and think very carefully about your answer Mr. Draven, how would you punish... yourself."