> Acts 1:7-9

> 7 He said to them: “It is not for you to know the times or dates the Father has set by his own authority. 

> 8 But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.”

> 9 After he said this, he was taken up before their very eyes, and a cloud hid him from their sight.

The tractor beam kept Jesus floating upwards behind the cloud. It was a little far, and the low pressure was beginning to bother him, but he had parked so high for a reason. Even these primitive people would know what he was if they saw him fly off in his shuttle. The beam led him into the shuttle, which was camouflaged among the clouds, and once he had closed the trap door at the bottom of his shuttle, he sighed and let himself rest on the ground. 

Then he laughed. 

Nobody in the Intergalactic Union knew why Jesus, AKA Joshua, AKA Josh, AKA Yoshte'al of Planet Zenatar, did what he did. They looked upon him like a puzzle of a thousand pieces, all of which changed shape and size at irregular intervals. "How strange", they would say, or "why would he pick that place?"

Jesus didn't care, though. It was not about the place, or the people. It was about the adoration. Primitive people would fall in love with anyone and anything that was beyond them. A packet of wine powder flavouring hidden in his sleeve, a pocket replicator here or there, a second heart... little tricks here and there and he would find himself adored by disciples, hated by the elites, the truest celebrity that there could ever be. 

He loved every minute of it. They were so easily amazed by his entrances and his exits! He laughed, and laughed, laying down on the floor of his shuttle rejoicing at what had just occurred. It felt so good to be loved so deeply. Zenatarians were good at many things, like shapeshifting, and deriving nutrients from the soil, but they did not love--they were never so deluded--as most other sentient beings in the universe. It was intoxicating.

"What's so funny?"

The mirth vanished from Jesus' face and he sat up, gasping for air. There, in the pilot's seat, slouched Toyel. 

"...Shit," he muttered. 

"I asked you a question, buddy. What's so damn funny?" 

"Look, Toyel, I know what this looks like--"

"What this looks like? I know what this is. You know that I know what this is."

"I was just having a little fun, I--"

Toyel smiled, and pressed a few buttons in front of her. The shuttle sped off the planet, and Jesus fell backwards and to one side, until he was plastered across the back panel. 

"I'm not going to make the same mistake again. We're Tatalo Five. Then, you're going to spend a lot of time in a very small room with a big tough roommate called Pud."

As the acceleration began to decrease, and their speed became more constant, Jesus began making his way to one of the seats. The seatbelt strapped itself across him automatically, and Toyel put holding bracelets on his arms. 

"Didn't I tell you I would catch you eventually?"

Jesus said nothing. He was too busy planning his next move. Tatalo Five was the outermost planet in a circumbinary star system. That put it in a surprisingly convenient position, as far as jails went...

"Oh no you don't."

"I don't what? I know when I'm beaten, Toyel," Jesus said, giving her a respectful little nod. If he could get a hold of a two-engine intergalactic ship...

"I know that face. You're not slipping through the cracks again. I've had it with you getting glorified turtles to worship you." 

"This time it was apes," he added, still thinking about the logistics of it all. He would have an easy time sling-shooting around with one of those, at which point the engine drive would get overworked due to the radiation, and then he could be home free, with a super-charged engine that could go anywhere he wanted.

"I don't care. Stop doing what you're doing. You lost."

"I'm not doing anything." Jesus smiled. He was rather proud of that smile. It had entranced so many different tribes, after all.

"Then this won't hinder you one bit."

"Wha--" 

She stabbed him in the shoulder with a small tube. The thing released... something, in his body, and as it changed shape to adapt, blackness closed in on him. 

"I went shopping after last time," she said, but he didn't really hear her. He didn't really hear anything. Within the minute, he was completely unconscious, his body pulsing occasionally as if to verify he was still alive. 