"Hey, old man ! Want to try your luck against the swiftest hand in the west ?!", these words brought me back where I actually was. These days I find myself lost in thought and drifting to places, losing myself there... I guess age has its ways to get a man on his knees.

"Boy, I would probably be fallen asleep halfway through the fight..."

"Age says it's word, huh ?", he replied, accompanied by his friends' booming laughter.

"No, slow swordsmen do...", I said calmly while looking him straight in the eye, piercing his fragile soul.
This trick has worked for me a lot of times, throughout the years. It's important to show no fear to your opponents and in the same time plant that same fear inside them.

"You call me slow !? I've never been beaten in a duel ! I can take on 5 people at once and still win ! You were the best, but that was decades ago and now - you're afraid now ! You're afraid you're going to lose to me, isn't that so ?!"

Good, I got him now, he's ablaze... It's funny what fear does to a man...certainly an amazing driving force it is, but not a reliable one. 
I stood and slowly headed towards the arena. It's a waste of time...he doesn't stand a chance...

I entered the ring and drew my sword out - "The God Slayer". I always thought it's a little bit too much, but the people gave him the name, so I had to respect their say... and it kind of grew on me after all these years. Oh, how I'm going to miss my best friend...
I still remember the day he came to life. I had already mastered every technique ever known to man and collected all kinds of swords, each unique for it's own origin, it's own form and metal, each designed to do one thing and one thing only - kill.
Given the fact I had all this knowledge, I had to make good use of it, but you can't follow the way of the samurai with a giant claymore, or the other way around for that matter. So, I did what no other man had ever done before - I took a piece of every single type of sword in the world, melted them in the liquid fires of Dragon's Mountain and forged him - the ultimate sword. I came up with a design fitting the countless different styles of swordsmanship existing in this god-forgotten world, only to create this unique tool of destruction, a black blade, so black you could feel it sucking you in and condemning you to an eternal wandering into nothingness. I think even I lost myself in there more than a few times.
To this day I still lack any logical explanation why he turned out so black. Maybe it was the liquid fire, maybe it was all the different metals merging together, maybe it was some sort of twisted magic or just a funny way of the all the different gods people believed in, to show me what I actually represent.

"Woooaaahh", the young men gasped. Drawing him out always brought this reaction on.

"Let's get to it then, shall we ?", I invited my young opponent to step forward.

It wasn't long before he was laying on the ground grunting in pain. I tried to be careful, but a few bruises teach a good lesson sometimes.

"I told you...you are slow, Remm. You take half measures, make rash moves and you lack the wit to make the most of each situation. Also, your left side is like an open gate, inviting the enemy to come in and annihilate you, without breaking a sweat. You have a lot to learn."

"Your advice is as old as you ! The world changes with each day, old man, you don't understand the new ways !"

"I understand, I can kill you in thousand different ways... You're right about the world changing, but the past is our greatest teacher.. You remind me of myself to a great degree, Remm, let me give you an advice - fight with your soul and let the sword be the extention of it."

I sheathed my sword. The ringing sound he made echoed in the pit, like a bird's sweet little song. I loved that sound.

"You've become quite the man, Remm, your father would've been proud of you", I said as I left the arena.

I headed back home and did my usual routine. I loved doing it and how could I not, this routine was all I have left. I took out all the swords I owned, sharpened and polished them until they practically started shining. Each sword was a set of memories. Memories that defined who I was. Little pieces of time, which when glued together in the right order, formed a figure of a man, who traveled the world in order to find himself, define himself as a person and overcome his fears. That man was me. I am the monster I am and no one except me gets to be my judge and jury, no gods, no men...maybe him, I'd love it to be him.
Right as I finished giving the Slayer his care for the day, I felt presence in the room, there was someone behind me. I kept calm, giving him the illusion that I suspected nothing. I let him get close enough, so I can finish it all with one single blow. Less than a moment is all it takes. So I did, but to my surprise there was nothing. I might have caught a quick flash of light, as if it reflected from a blade, maybe I heard a low grunt, but it was all so faint and distant, almost nonexistent. Was my mind playing games with me ? Is my ending going to be that pitiful ? I felt it again, that presence. This time I was not going to miss. And I didn't. But what was before me, was something I had never come to face in my entire life. There was this enormous, dark figure standing there, as it was wrapped in shadows and my sword was halfway inside it and yet it felt like it was piercing the air.

"I have to admit, I should've expected that. I met you a long time ago and still, I thought it was going to be easy...", said the creature with this deep, almost unhuman voice. "Now, can we proceed further with our business.", it said while moving away, like my sword wasn't even stuck in it.

"You don't want to have any business with me, I'd tell you to ask the men who had some, but sadly they are all dead."

I took another swing, only to miss again. It has disappeared again, only to show behind me, this time it was taking a swing at me, with this huge, silver scythe. The clash between the two blades made noise, as loud as the cliffs on Dragon's Mountain falling because of the raging fires inside it and the sparks set the whole room alight for a brief moment, almost allowing me to see what hid beneath that huge black hood.

"Hmmm", the creature grunted as if almost surprised. "Now this is interesting."

I didn't understand what was happening. What was that thing and why was me fighting it interesting.

"Who... what are you and what do you want from me ?!", I asked.

"Come on Khaoss, the god-slayer, greatest warrior to ever grace this Earth, can't you really suggest what's going on ? I have been beside you your whole life. You provided, I collected. You never met me, but I met you countless times. Every single soul you put to rest, I collected. Even the God-King, you killed him. He was feared by everyone, but not you, you just executed him then and there, without prolonging it... That's where the name of this fine sword comes, right ? The God Slayer..."

"He wasn't even a god... He just convinced this foolish world he was..." I interrupted the creature. It seemed to know a lot about me, maybe everything. But I didn't know anything about it.

"He was a powerful man. Many tried ending him, only you succeeded. "

"I succeed every time, he wasn't to make an exception and you aren't to make one either !", realisation hit me right when I was saying those words out loud. It was right beside me my whole life, me - providing, it - collecting. The only thing that was right beside me my whole life was ... Death. Then it attacked again. I went for a parry, but then I felt the cold silver blade going right through me. Did I make a mistake ? Did I misjudged the situation ? Or maybe it was on purpose... Doesn't matter now. I am calm. I know what's coming. I know it ends here. It was about time. I dropped the slayer, my best friend, on the floor as I collapsed. It was our last battle together. Even he knew that. At least I got to hear this wonderful ringing once again, only now, it was my last time hearing it.

"Thank you....thank you for the honor of giving me a warrior's death. ", I said while gasping for my last bits of air. Then it was all quiet. The heavy shadows lifted and I found myself in a familiar place. Her laughter filled the room once again, like the sweetest music, making the whole house come to live, while her mother looked at me with this faint smile, softly saying: "Welcome back, my love, it's been a while..."


 

"You gave it to yourself, I believe, my old friend... But I am the one who should be thankful !"

Death picked it's scythe and headed silently towards the door, leaving behind it a thin trail of blood, black as the blade that spilled it.

 
 

