  The whole thing is pretty unexplainable. And to be honest, it was more annoying than anything else. Once a month, everyone experiences a minute-long glimpse into the life of their soulmate. There was no regularity to it or any warning to tell you it was about to occur. There was no way to be prepared. People said it could help you to get to know the other person better before you even meet them, and while that might be true, it never happened at convenient times. Sometimes I would just sink into a vision while I was in class or at work. I’d heard that sometimes people would have visions while they were driving. That never turned out well. If I couldn’t remember a vision happening one month, it's probably because it had happened while I was sleeping. One time, I’d had a vision while my soulmate was sleeping. At least, that’s what I assumed anyway, because all I could see was darkness. The most interesting vision I seen happened a few years ago. I’d been lying in bed scrolling on my phone and ignoring the fact that I had class in 35 minutes when I saw him. He was in a bathroom getting ready for the day. Was he going to school too? Or getting ready for work? He had mildly short, dark brown hair and brown eyes. He had shaving cream on his face and was singing into his razor like it was a microphone. While it was funny, that experience had also been a bit jarring, honestly. Did he know what I looked like? I kept a small journal of different things I'd noticed in these visions, but it didn’t amount to much honestly. I had heard of people’s soulmates showing up to their house unexpectedly because they’d seen where they lived through the visions. My mother said that it’s best to let any interaction happen naturally. I was honestly glad I didn’t know where my soulmate lived. I had things I wanted to accomplish before I got too attached to anyone.

    I looked at my phone screen and noticed there was an instagram notification from my sister Maddie. It was a photo of her and her friends together outside the US Capitol building. They were attending a business conference in DC and apparently taking some time for sightseeing. She had a really cheesy smile and I noticed she must have borrowed my green rain jacket.

    Meanwhile, I was sitting in the apartment at the kitchen table staring at the cover of the textbook I should be reading. Then I was staring at the inside of an elevator car. The doors slid open and my soulmate stepped out into a hotel lobby. He was rushing through to the front doors. Maybe he was running late. He pushed through a revolving door started scanning the road. Tall buildings surrounded us as far as the eye could see. I guess he was in a city somewhere. While he spotted a taxi and stepped closer to the edge of the walkway I notice blonde hair and a familiar looking green jacket out of the corner of his eye. Wait, is that Maddie? At that exact moment, I snap back to reality and sit in shock for a second. My soulmate and my sister are in the same city. Actually they're on the same street! I scramble for my phone. I type my sister's number and the phone rings twice on the other end before I hear, “Hey! What's up?”

“Maddie! Quick! Do you see a guy across the street from you! He just walked out of the hotel and is-”

“What? What are you talk-”

“DO YOU SEE A GUY WITH BROWN HAIR ACROSS THE STREET!”

“Uh, no. I don't see anyon- WAIT YES I DO!”

“NO WAY!”

“Yes! Yes, I see him! Who is he? Who am I looking at?

I sit there in shock for a second before Maddie says, “He's climbing into a taxi.”

Crap.

“Shoot. Maddie, what are you doing right now?”

“Um, well nothing at the moment. We were trying to decide where to go for lunch.”

“Can you follow that cab? I will pay you back for the taxi fare and wash your laundry for a month! I need to know who that is!”

“Wait, you don’t know who that guy is?”

“He's my soulmate.”