Τhis is from phone, so excuse some mistakes and structure stuff~



I'm not poor, despite what my infamy suggests. I'm not stingy either, despite how much I loath spending more than needed in some occasions. I just find some of my money put into a better use than overpaid resort colony.

It's a semi-permanent offer, and while many would jump at it, the cost would be too big to properly manage. Paying for the upkeep didn't need to be tripled just for some more worthwhile colony.

To that extend, I was right. But to no extend did I imagine what sort of terrible mistake I had made when picking the second cheapest of all sentient species to hire.

Humans; a peculiar race living forgotten amidst all the other hidden away races. They didn't have many differences as opposed to some of the more exotic species recorded, no, that wasn't the reason they were peculiar.

Sitting back on his comfortable chair, the overlord's face pondered on a single incident when deciding whether to hire humans in his colony as opposed to some other species without the same history.

It was a single event, yet that event made humans to be cast aside from most of the alliances and species.

A single human managed to annihilate an entire empire after all, and that was not a small thing to think about. When talking about that event, the words that came to mind were pity for the empire, even if they did not deserve all of it.

They weren't defeated, nor was it something so light one could recover from. That human had managed to wreck the empire so hard, the empire didn't even think of sticking back.

He felt it was laughable that all humans had managed to get such a bad fame from that event alone, but the events that led up to it were anything but that.

The sheer trickery and cunningness that went through in order to destroy that empire left a lot of the real powers with dislocated jaws as they tried to process the entirety of the matter.

Add in a few other isolated incidents and you had yourself the most infamous race of all, humans.

That said, at least they came in cheaply. Recognising how bad their situation was, they knew it was only about to get worse before it got better.

It had been a long time since anything notable happened concerning humans, and it was due time to see if he was right in the end.

Heck, what could they even do at his resort? Closely supervised, monitored and controlled, he doubted any of the more volatile species would be able to do anything, let alone them.

With those sort of thoughts he pressed his order forward and waited for the humans arrival. He had checked in with five hundred of them for starters and if nothing happened he could double that number.

Days passed peacefully, and aside from a few minor scuffles, it had seemed like his choice was the correct one. Saving money as well as getting a highly adaptable stuff? It was a deal made from heavens themselves!

He kept that thought till the near end. He had mentioned after all that it was semi-permanent offer.

Alas, when humans got too enthralled with something, they could go above and beyond for it. It was theorised this was a result from their previous short lifespans, something which had been amended a long time ago.

Still, that didn't change the fact one of them managed to reverse engineer the core energy of the abode and create his own unstable copy.

It was fun how they liked to expiriment with everything they got in touch, and even a bit captivating as he watched them move through information as well as some of the higher races were able to. What one could not manage, a few dozens most certainly could.

It was because of his enjoyment of watching them do their own stuff that he was too late in noticing they had made a ticking time bomb.

He probably would have noticed even if half of the planet wasn't destroyed, but it sure as hell speed things up.

He watched with tearful eyes as an explosion so big and intense destroyed most of his fortune and property. He doubted even that exploding the main core they had tried to duplicate was able to cause such an explosion, let alone making it from scrap materials found around the planet.

He shook his head at the thought of what came next. The damages were so great it would set him a few years back to recover.

Ugh, no! This was the time to get rid of them. These poor bastards had even the audacity to laugh at what had happened. Sure you learn from mistakes, and sure they had time to evacuate, but these sort of "mistakes" if you could call them that, weren't acceptable.

Instantly as he thought of a way to get out of this predicament a call rang in front of him.

An old friend, he recognized, although he was the one whom he liked the least. Always first to tease him, always first to prank him.

Suddenly, a thought sprung up to his mind. Sure he couldn't just fire all of them due to the contract, but a swift allocation wasn't impossible. Not just that, but he had long since been wondering what gift to take for his friend, or if he would even attend to his thousandth year celebration.

Oh he definitely wouldn't want to miss this. He would plan long and hard, but if the end result was like what he imagined, it would all be worth it.

