As John opened the door, his hand firmly on the latch, he felt how slick with sweat his hands were. He had never been in a zeppelin before. Neither had he ever seen such strange creatures as were aboard this ship. The crew was dwarven, and could easily have manifested from any of Tolkien’s pages. The elves too were both Tolkienesque and as real as the magical airship he was being carried to Europe in. As it turns out, “the old world” referred to more than just the West. There was another old world, a world of magic, sorcery, and all manner of fantastical being. 

Ages ago, Merlin, who also turned out to be real, and very much alive, had sealed off the world of magic behind some mystical veil. The fall of King Arthur and Camelot had convinced him that magic must be separate from the world of men. He was right. Just last week, the armies of fantasy had emerged into the real world, the veil forever sundered, and mankind, with its impressive machines of steel and electricity, were no match for them. In another week, there wouldn’t be a standing army left anywhere in the world. 

John remembered his final view of his closest friend. His mech slowly being crushed, the elven wizard perpetrating the feat of sorcery laughing rapturously as the cockpit erupted into a sea of red. The mech was then thrown, like a vicious 80-ton bowling ball, into a dropship, killing hundreds of men. Just one elf. 

“John, come along lad. I must brief you on the mission,” Merlin said, jarring him from his reverie.

“Yes sir, right away.” John finished opening the door and strode into the meeting room. 

The room could almost have been transposed from a naval ship. Very spartan in design, cold, hard metal everywhere, every inch of space used to its maximum effectiveness. The room’s one concession to elegance was its conference table. Ash dominated it’s octagonal construction, with walnut used for contrast, radiating outward from a circle in the center, like rays of the sun, into each of the corners. Ebony, outlined in gold, was inlayed along the circumference of the table, forming elvish script that was unintelligible to John.

Merlin took his place at one of the seats and began, “Let’s begin, time is short.”

John intently listened as Merlin laid out his plan. To stop the melding of worlds, Merlin would, at great personal cost, send John back in time, to where the world lost its way. He claimed that mankind had allowed itself to be subverted, controlled by dark, evil masters. Only by saving the past, would both worlds survive. John wondered why Merlin required him, instead of someone else. What was it that made him special? It didn’t matter now; he’d missed part of the briefing while he wasted time thinking about it.

“Stand back. I’m going to open the portal. Remember John, you must save him, or all is lost. He must lead mankind in the future, for all our sakes.” 

“Yes sir,” replied John, as they all backed away from the table. 

What happened next was not something mortal man was ever meant to witness. Merlin waved his arms in patterns that meant something only to Merlin and the strange forces he commanded. He chanted words that word both audible, and not, in and out of the frequencies able to be heard by man. Suddenly, in the center of the table, a disc coalesced into existence. There was no flash of light, no shimmering, no thunderclap. Just a strange old man dancing around making funny noises, and then a portal. It seems like all those fantasy authors didn’t get everything right after all. Unsure of proper portal embarkation procedure, John simply got a running start and dove through. 

The stone of the floor hurt and scraped his arms and knees as he landed on the other side. Thick, chunky rays of sunlight poured through windows cut into stone walls. The silhouette of a man stood on the balcony, facing away from John. That was him, the man he had to save. The man raised his arm, and all at once, the world erupted into sound. Tens of thousands of voices cried out as one, “Sieg Heil!”

John heard himself say, “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
