The train I have been waiting for approaches the terminal. It will be a well-earned escape from the burdens of life. "Travel North", the rolled poster in my hand said. I had heard a lot of good things about the place. The scenic valleys awaited me. The clean open air away from the industrialised dystopia that this place had become eversince we started mechanising every aspect of our lives. The olden days have become somewhat of a vanity that the rich now crave. It's the new "in". It's funny how the normal human can't afford a life away from technology. 

I myself owe this trip to technology. Working as an engineer in United Androids has its perks. When we're not busy creating mindless nurses and waiters we like to experiment. I myself was working on a robot that would replicate my thought process. The AI ethics debate was heating up in United Nations. It was the right time to invest in a robot which would do what I would do. It is the only way society would trust autonomous robots. A robot that would make decisions like humans would. A decision like taking a hit to save a life. 

The technology was a long way from being perfected. The next hurdle was extrapolating someone's current thought process to make decisions in unknown situations. The debate there was really that how do we know it's what we would've done. If an android orders a pizza on game night, it's replicating me. But what would even I do if I have to make a choice between saving my daughter's life and ending an inevitable resource shortage on Earth. Probably saving my daughter. But who knows. 

For now I have trained the android to just interpolate. Do my daily tasks. As I have been doing. Check stocks. Do repair and maintenance around the house. Prepare breakfast for daughter. Give the dog a walk. TiVo reruns of all my favourite sitcoms. Check update on projects currently going on in Lab. Support staff for design verifications. Prepare dinner. Do the dishes. The only amazing part to this was that the robot could adapt, just like I would've. But only to situations I have encountered. And for situations I haven't encountered it was hard coded to call me and ask me what to do.

It was great that this vacation could also potentially help validate the behaviour of AI. Hopefully the Android Police doesn't call while I'm away. That alone would be a big step forward. But it was not worrisome at this point in time. At this point in time, the lush green valleys await. 

The train arrived. Letting off fake steam and making fake noises to replicate the olden days. I found it a bit tacky but at least the greenery up north isn't fake. 

The ride was 8 hours. I arrived in a lush green plain surrounded by mountains. The plains were covered with thick woods. The train stopped somewhere in the center and near the terminal was a huge cabin. I was loving my decision with each breath I took in the chilly September evening. The inside of the cabin was warm. A lady greeted me and led me to the counter.

"I have a reservation in the name of Mr. Marsh." I said proudly.

"Ah yes, Mr. Marsh, your journey must've been tiring. We have prepared your room. I'm sure you would like to sleep. Your activities will begin in the morning. Have an excellent stay." She said beemingly

"Splendid" I exclaimed. I was very tired from the travelling and all I wanted to do was snore in this fresh air. 

It seemed like I had only been asleep for 2 hours but I woke up to some noise. There was a great hustle and bustle outside. The phone was constantly ringing. The lady at the desk was panicking. I wondered for a moment what it could be. But it was probably the norm since this was only one of a few places left with such magnificent natural beauty and untouched wilderness. I was about to put a pillow over my head as I glanced at my silenced phone. It was A1, the android. This was soon. I picked up in a hurry wondering what the emergency was.

"What would you do if you ran out of cash?"

"What?!" I screamed, "I gave you 5 million dollars. That should've been enough."

"I bought some material I needed." It said, unapologetically. It must be for repair and maintenance. The house did need some renovation. Oh well, I thought to myself, no harm done. 

"Withdraw some from my account. But only for something that is necessary."

"Thanks Mr. Marsh." It said and the call ended. I just hoped the repairs were worthwhile. Meanwhile the front desk phone kept on ringing and the lady kept on screaming at the phone that they were out of rooms. It was strange since they had 1000 the last I heard. Must be a really busy time of the year. I was not expecting it.

As soon as I was about to doze off in the ambience of the phone ringing alerts started coming on my phone. 10 million withdrawals. One after the other. 700 million remaining. 600 million. 500 million. I started panicking. Something must be wrong. A1 must have malfunctioned. The alerts kept coming. I started dialling my bank to freeze my account. Desperation level increasing. My life savings were disappearing infront of my eyes. I was helpless. No response.

 There was no point in calling A1 if it had malfunctioned. My last hope was android police. The government organization which regulated and policed the Android world. As I began to dial the number A1s call came. What was happening. Why was it doing this? All it was supposed to do was interpolate my thought process. I would never carelessly spend money. My life was on the verge of being destroyed by trusting an experiment.

"What would you do if a robot you created was doing what you wanted to do?"

"WHAT?! What kind of a question is that?" I screamed at the top of my voice. I had to find out where A1 was. I had to call police. "Where are you? What are you doing?"

"I created a robot Mr. Marsh."

"Why would you do that?" I 

"So it could do my daily tasks."

"YOUR daily tasks? But you were supposed to do my daily tasks. Ah fuck this. Where is the other robot?"

"Theyre sitting right next to me as a matter of fact."

"THEY?!" 

"Yes Sir, most of them."

This was all a bad joke. It had to be. Did the robots start creating copies to do my tasks? Why couldn't I have foreseen this? I had to call the police. Immediately. My bank account could help create hundreds of them. They must be roaming in the streets. They have emptied my life. I need to take control. I need to leave immediately. I need to head home.

"Listen A1, I need you to tell me where are you?" I said running out of the room. The phone at the front desk was still ringing. The lovely girl I met an hour or so ago had her hands in her now frizzled hair.

"I'm on my way to the North, Sir"

"WHAT?!" I couldn't believe it. "Why are you coming here?"

"I'm staying in room 502, Sir."