**Due to High Demand, Here it is!** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/comments/6hb9io/nicolas_cage_finds_out_liam_neesons_daughter_is_a/)|[Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/comments/6hrpzv/nicolas_cage_finds_out_liam_neesons_daughter_is_a/)

Benjamin Gates smiled towards Abigail Chase. Sipping away at their morning coffee, Benjamin and Abigail both felt at peace sitting on the outside patio of the new Historian Country Club. Their peace quickly receded when Riley Pool came storming out of the double glass doors.

"Guys! You gotta’ try this food.” Riley insisted stuffing his mouth full.

Benjamin and Abigail both rolled their eyes at Riley. They were there for the grand opening of the new exhibit connected to the Country Club. 

"I told you not to bring him.” Abigail chuckled.

"I couldn’t find a babysitter.” Benjamin replied. Someone caught Benjamin’s eye from a far table in the back of the patio. A gentleman with a grey ball cap sat with himself looking towards Benjamin. Benjamin didn’t know if he recognized the man or not. Setting down his coffee, he looked back at Abigail. “I’ll be right back.”

"Hey, grab me some more of those little sweet cake things.” Riley insisted as Abigail looked towards him in disgust.

Benjamin walked to the man in the ball cap and sat down in front of him.

"Did you ever read ‘Page 47?’” The man asked.

"Mr. President,” Benjamin smiled. “How did – ”

"Never mind how I’m here, Benjamin, did you read the page?”

"Yes,” Benjamin replied. “I did read it.”

The president leaned in with anticipation, “So? What do you make of it?”

Benjamin rubbed his hand over his chin. “I think,” he began, “I think it is definitely one of the biggest mysteries in our American history. I do not understand how they gathered that much research.”

The President took a piece of paper out from his inside jacket pocket. Benjamin didn’t hesitate in receiving the mysterious page from the President himself.

"This woman is the key in finding what happened.” The President commented. "She is a direct descendant. Her bloodline is one of the only ones left.”

"I’ll definitely look into it.” Benjamin took the paper which revealed a photo along personal information of a younger woman named ‘Kim.’ 

The President left his chair as Benjamin pondered on the information in front of him.

"You are the only one I can trust.” The President smiled. “We may be near finding the lost Roanoke Colony.”

Benjamin stowed the piece of paper in his back pocket. He returned to Abigail and Riley.

"Who was that?” Riley asked with his mouth full of food.

"We need to go.” Benjamin insisted, packing up everything from in front of his chair.

"What about the Grand Opening? The one you said we have to be there, ‘no matter what?!’” Abigail grew frustrated and confused.

"Trust me.” Benjamin took up his bag. Riley took what was on his plate and stuffed it into his hoodie pocket.

***

It was only a few days of traveling that led Benjamin and the team to Kim. Kim was sitting at a coffee shop by herself when Benjamin, Abigail, and Riley approached to sit down with her.

"Hello,” Abigail greeted.

"Uh – Do I know you?” Kim asked, removing her earbuds.

"We are researchers.” Riley immediately replied smiling. Benjamin glared at Riley. Riley’s smile slowly faded as he just sat down and remained quiet.

"We are great history enthusiasts. We do historical research independently.” Benjamin began towards Kim.

"You probably read my book.” Riley pointed as he dug a copy from inside his bag.

"Jesus Riley.” Abigail shook her head. “Will you stop bring up your books?”

"Look you guys seem like great people, but I’m not comfortable around strangers. I have had a bad experience over in Europe meeting people I didn’t know.” Kim started to gather her things.

"Look we understand.” Abigail chimed in. “I’m not good around strangers myself.”

"We don’t mean to bother you in any way, we just had a few questions.” Benjamin took out a pen.

"Look,” Kim stood up, scooting in her seat. “I’m supposed to meet my dad here and he won’t like me talking to you either.” 

Vans screeched on the corner of the street. A total of four vans drove up onto the curb where their table was.

"Uh – Guys?” Riley gasped in fear.

Hooded men came running out towards their table. Benjamin fought back at one of them, knocking him onto the ground.

"Ben!” Abigail screamed. 

The hooded men took Abigail and Kim both. They must have thought there was a relation between the two. The vans quickly screeched away as Riley tried running down the last van. Benjamin ran back to their parked car. He drove to pick up Riley. They drove fast, chasing down the vans.

"Who are these people?” Riley was trying to dig out his computer. 

"We are about to find out.” Benjamin quickly made a sharp left turn, hoping to cut one of the vans off from the next street over.

***

Bryan Mills, Kim’s father who was supposed to meet her at the Coffee Shop, found the table they always sat in empty. He took a deep sigh. He always fought hard to spend more time with his daughter and after Europe, they had been spending more time together. Only now, it seems she was becoming distant once again.

After a few moments, Bryan started to walk back to his car when something below the table caught his eye. He reached down to find a wallet belonging to a ‘Benjamin Franklin Gates.’ Bryan’s expression quickly fell. He started looking around for more clues hoping his daughter actually stood him up instead. He saw tire marks across the curb and onto the sidewalk. He squeezed the wallet hard in his hands. 

"Wrong move, Benjamin.” Bryan said to himself. “You are messing with the wrong family.”

***

To read more of my stories, visit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)