The aliens presented themselves in a humanoid form, which was of huge convenience to Bob. What was less convenient was that they were pressing him on the matter of 22nd century warfare.

'Oh,' was all he could stupidly manage.

Robert O'Lyle had never really excelled in any form of conflict, except the combat of germs, pests and some particularly nasty moulds. Even then, he had perished in the exercise of these duties almost immediately; that was to say, he had tripped and fallen into one of the pods.

'Take him out,' one of the aliens hissed. They were decent imitations of humans, tall and strange as they were, aside from a few obvious mistakes. Having the face upside down was one of them.

Bob blinked slowly, some of his motor functions still frozen by the cryogenic cold. The humanoids helped him out of the sleek, onyx pod, and clouds solidified out of the air as he rose.

'Am I really the only one left?' Bob asked, still shaking as they helped him to his feet.

'You are a warrior,' one of them, the leader, said. Bob knew he was the leader because they had been helpful enough to give his form a crown, big and pointy and made of gold, as in the old human story-books. 'You can help us defeat the Rangers.'

An odd name for the alien species that had wiped out humanity, but this anachronism had not been invented by the humanoids. Even in Bob's time, there had been talk of the Rangers. Back then, they had only known their ships: massive, oblong slices of metal that cruised through the black velvet of space at staggering speeds, and fired powerful pillars of light upon anything that came too close.

The discovery that there had been organic matter inside the ships had made the headlines on the day that Bob had taken his fateful stumble.

'I'm sorry to disappoint, friends, but I'm no warrior,' Bob said wearily. 'Only a collector of dust.'

'Yes,' the crowned one said, 'You combat the entropy itself. A noble rank, even in our hierarchies.'

Bob raised his eyebrows. These aliens seemed alright, he decided. He'd do his best to help.

'Tell us,' one of the others said excitedly, 'How do we use the fabled ancient weapon?' He produced a bleak, white bottle, with a strangely shaped lid. It read PESTICIDE on the sticker.

Bob frowned darkly, and took the bottle.

He twisted the spray-cap and depressed the trigger. A cloud of vapour filled the air, and the humanoids backed away in fright. The smell of ammonium lingered a few seconds, and suddenly the humanoids started to applaud, strangely by clapping their fore-arms together rather than their hands. But Bob had understood the message.

'My friends,' he said solemnly, 'I think it is time to turn this war around.'