The air is chill, my breath puffs out in white cotton as I round a corner on my morning jog. My muscle strain, honing in my focus. My mind slowly turns the usual set of thoughts in my head. When should Harmony and I have kids? She said she wanted some, but she has been sayong that for years. I'm going to bring it up with her tonight when i surprise her for our 10th year anniversarry. 

 I hear playful barking and yipping from the park. I grin as I pass those wonderful creatures. The smile stays on my face as I come the end of my run. Im going to give my wife the best night of her life. I walk in our house holding in my grin. My smile dies as I see Harmony on the floor of the living room, weakly sobbing.  "Harmony!" I run to her, and help her sit up. "Whats wrong? What happened?" She begins to cry harder. She doesnt meet my eyes, hers are red and puffy. She must have been crying for hours. I bring her close, and put my arms around her. Trying to be warm but my slimy frigid body probably hurting more than helping. "You look exhausted, what happend Harmony?"
"I-" she hiccups "I tried so hard Max" sorrow bleeds from her words.
 "I tried so many times, for so long." She grips me tight, burying her face in my chest.
"What do you you mean?" I ask softly.
"I.... Cant save you." She begins to sob again. My aching heart , now turns to ice. There are laws for time travel, especially for citizens like me... Or harmony. You are only allowed a single day that you may repeat, until you find a solution. And harmony couldn't find one. 

"Save me from what?" I ask. She says nothing, and shakes her head instead. I stop asking questions, and I just hold and watch my beautiful wife. Her long brown hair cascading from a heart shaped face, and slim frame holding onto me for dear life. I remember a five years back we tried to go on vacation to the Caribbean, but our boat fell though, and we were stuck in florida. Instead of sulking and going home, Harmony volonteered us to a dog shelter, and we spent two weeks caring for old dogs, and newborn puppies. It was one of the most intimate tomes of my life. She is that kind of person, so kind, so loving. She is the only one I will ever love.

We stay there for hours, holding each other until Harmony falls asleep. My phone rings, I bring it out, it's my older brother. I answer it, with a subdued voice. "What's up Damien?"
"I have something important to tell you Max, and I should have told you long ago."  I keep silent, waiting for him to continue.
"I have always had an amazing relationship with you and Harmony... but it didnt end there." 
"What do you mean?" Harmony wakes, and she looks up at me. Her face holds more pain then ever before.
"Well you see... Harmony and I have been sleeping together, for years now." I can't comprehend what he's saying my heart hangs by a thread.
"What."
"We started, 9 years ago, and ended it two years ago."
My heart shatters.
"I needed to tell you Max, its been eating me up." he hangs up.
I blankly look at my wife. I no longer see Harmony, because Harmony died. What I see in my arms, is a sobbing mess of murdered love songs.
