Fire and Whispers

&#x200B;

*‘Not again.’*

I dropped the basket of apples I had gathered and dashed back towards my tower.  I furrowed my brow and reached out with my mind.

*‘Sidian, I’m coming*,’ I told my dragon.

*‘Hurry M’lady*.  *These ones are strong*,’ Sidian thought back.

Normally the adventurers that came to face ‘The Great Beast’ were fledgling fools, gullible enough to believe my summer home was a ‘prison’ and that my pet was my ‘captor.’  Sidian rarely had trouble disarming and scaring them away, but this group was different.

I drew on my inner reserve of magic.  “Haste,” I whispered.  Wind whipped at my face, and my hair flailed like a cat-o-nine-tails as my speed tripled.

I sprinted out of the orchard and raced through the gardens in my back yard, leaping over hedges and dashing right through the fountain, b-lining towards the back of my tower.

Sidian’s mind reached out and touched mine.  *‘I have been bested.  I'm sorry M'lady.  It has been an honor*.’  I didn’t take the time to respond.

Going around the tower would take too long.  I drew on my magic again, and as I raced towards the back door, I extended my arms, throwing an explosive bolt of magical energy at the barrier.  The wooden door erupted into pieces, and I closed my eyes briefly as I dashed through the cloud of splinters, and then raced through the main hall, sending the same spell towards the front door.

I exploded out the entrance to see my black dragon companion standing weakly, his head held low, wings torn.  I couldn’t see the adventurers, but knew they were in front of him.  I drew the two daggers I kept crossed at the small of my back as I raced towards Sidian, and upon coming up behind him, I leaned backwards and dropped to slide beneath him.  As I came out from beneath his massive torso, I saw a great-sword wielding warrior poised to slice my dragon’s head off.  As I sprang up in front of Sidian, I saw the warrior's face contort with confusion, but he was already bringing the sword down.  I raised my daggers and crossed them, catching his blade between mine.  My knees almost buckled from the impact, and had the warrior been striking at full force I might have fallen.

As it was, I managed to stop the blade an inch from my forehead.  I sighed with relief, and felt the same from Sidian.  His mind brushed mine.  *‘Thank you*.’

After the relief came rage.  The warrior before me was still bewildered, and stood dumbly.  I pushed his blade away, raised my leg and kicked him in the stomach, sending him reeling backwards.  Beyond the warrior, a bowman and a magic caster stood at the ready, confused and apprehensive.  “What is the meaning of this!?” I demanded, seething.

But I knew it wasn’t their fault.  Everyone that came to face my dragon was sent by the same being, a hooded man who spoke in whispers.  I didn’t know why he wanted my dragon dead, nor did I know why he lied about me being captured.

Most of the hapless try-hards that came to ‘save’ me were useless, too trusting of their patron to have noticed anything suspicious, but these three seemed capable.

Perhaps they would have some answers.

&#x200B;

r/TheCornerStories for more stories!

EDIT: Wooot!  Thanks for the gold!