May 18th

We got the announcement over two weeks ago over the emergency alert system.  The sirens started instructing us to stay inside after sundown, make no noise, and turn off all the lights.  We could not be in close contact with others   We were on our own, no help was coming.  Every country, city, or military base was being attacked by these creatures.  

A lot of people laughed thinking it was a joke.  They were gone by the next morning.  We heard gunshots, then screams from the dying and howls of triumph from the creatures.  

We found out that they hunted in packs, and no weapon that we had would kill them. The sun blinded them so they hunted at night, and they slept in burrows and caves during the day.  Some people thought they could take them out as they slept.  They never returned from those burrows or caves.   

May 19th

I got a good look at the creatures last night.  They looked like large wolves but with fur, the skin reflected the moonlight.  The claws on them were almost as long as a bears.  When they opened their mouths rows of white sharp teeth shown.  I was sitting by the window as I watched them go slowly by.

 It happened a little after midnight, the neighbors little dachshund ran out of the cat flap and started barking.  Yells were heard inside the house.  The creatures seemed to zero in on the sound. They specifically targeted humans.  The barking dog in the neighbors backyard they ignored, but the people inside they killed.  Their screams haunt me.

May 21st

I have lost contact with my sister and parents that lived in the next town over.  We called each other every day after the sun rose.  Today I couldn't get in touch.  I decided to drive over, I should be safe during the day. 

My sister and her husband lived next to my parents, they had a three month old.  When I arrived I expected the worst and was not disappointed.

The door was shattered, I found nothing but blood and gore.  I knew my father and mother heard the screams next door and rushed over to try to save them. I found my parents shotgun and Smith and Wesson in the living room.  I drove home, there was nothing I could do for them.

May 30th 

All of the radio and TV stations finally went off the air.  I found my old  HAM radio in my closet and tried to contact anyone left alive.  I was only able to raise one person.  He only talked about conspiracies on where the creatures came from.  He claimed they were created in a government lab and they escaped.   

June 5th

I lost contact with the conspiracy guy yesterday, I can only assume he is dead.  I have a cabin near a lake away from all the cities.  I have decided to go there, hopefully the creatures haven't made it there.  Wish me luck. 
