Part 2: His perspective. 

I've known who Carolyn was sense we first switched when she was 10 years old. I was 19 when I first felt the waves. Everyone around me started their switches when they were 10, seeing different parts of the world through their soulmates eyes. I was convinced I was destined to never feel the crash of the waves overtake me, giving me a glimpse of who I was meant to love forever. 
The first time, it was a normal day. I was sitting in my room sorting through college applications when my legs began to crawl, moving through my body until my head was spinning and dark waves overtook me. I squinted my eyes, bright sunlight piercing them. As they adjusted I was able to make out Zach, my neighbors son, running in their yard playing cops and robbers. 
"Come on Carol, you gotta get me!" He squealed at me. I couldn't move, just taking everything in around me. My hands were small with glittery pink polish on my nails. I had a pretty yellow sundress on and could feel my long hair blowing in the wind. 
-Carolyn-, I thought, -My soulmate is a 10 year old?- 
As quickly as it happened, it was gone. I crashed back into my room, heart racing and head spinning. I peaked out my window and saw Carolyn across the street giggling with joy, jumping up and down saying she just had her first switch. Her father, my dad's best friend, beaming with pride. 
I couldn't tell them I knew. She was a child and it was wrong, though my heart burned with love for her. 
I watched Carolyn grow up for years, keeping my distance from her and always being on guard to protect my identity from her. I saw her going to school, prom, graduation, her first job; and I just waited. I knew my day would come that I would get to love my Carolyn, but I needed her to be an adult. To have.the chance to grow and explore and learn about life before I let her know who I was. 
My second to last switch came, the day I had been waiting for. I trotted out to the woods behind my house and waited for the waves. 
She was dressed in heels and sparkles, she always did love her glitter. We were getting into a limo with her best friends, women I've come to know and love as well through the years. Sounds of laughter and --Happy Birthdays!-- filled the air. Champagne popped as her, our, friends cheered for her turning 21. 
"Carolyn!- Brittani, her best friend, sang, "where's your head right now?". I blinked, trying to clear my mind of the excitement I felt, not wanting to let them in on the switch, though they always found out. 
"Oh she's switching," another said, as they all giggled. "hello, mystery man, happy soulmate birthday to you!" 
I smiled at them, laughing at my inability to pretend I'm her. 
"Will you ever stop hiding who you are? Carolyn is dying to meet you!" 
I started to speak but was stopped by the waves washing me back to my body. 
Finally. My wait is over. 
I set my plan for our next switch to reveal myself. 
On the morning of our designated switch I walked to Carolyn's favorite lunch spot, a beautiful park outside her office. I could see her, sitting on the bench taking in the quiet of the trees and animals. My heart was pounding as I felt it coming on. 
I can see squirrels running, feel the wind in my long hair, taste the spritsy cola she was drinking. I turn around and see my body standing across the park and road. Our eyes lock and the lighting hits. It jolts through my body, a feeling I've been waiting 11 years to feel. She falls to the ground, overwhelemed by the rush that is finding your soul mate. I run, smiling and waving to her. I'm overjoyed by our meeting! Mid stride I feel myself slip away from her and open my eyes to myself on the ground. I stand to see her, waving and grinning like a mad man! 
She's running. Running so fast, not looking around. 
"Carolyn, stop! Watch out!" I muster as I watch the love of my life step out into the road.
The sound that metal meeting body is one I will never forget. There's screaming, people running, and for a moment I'm frozen. I feel a warmth creep over me, like someone is standing right next to me. Snapping out of my shock I rush to her, praying she somehow is okay. 
I've never seen someone look so twisted around before. Her legs near her head and arms bent in ways they were never meant to be. I kneel down and see her eyes. The bright blue color is fading from one until it's just the whites left. A police officer pulled me away from her and I catch a glimpse of myself in the window of the bus that just stole my heart from me. My left eye, once brown and dull, has become replaced with bright blue, shimmering off the sun. The officer grabs me, asking if I'm okay when his words catch seeing my new look. 
She will always be with me, my appearance telling the world that my soul mate was taken from me. I promise you this Carolyn, I will let you see the world. 