The doctor let out a small sigh, and turned his gaze downwards. "I apologize for that, Mr. Weaver. Small slip of the tongue." He turned and reached for the counter behind him. I tensed, ready to... I don't know, honestly. Fight? Dodge? It didn't matter. He just picked up my patient records and started reading.

"Patient complains of migraines and auditory hallucinations, both occurring most frequently in mornings and evenings. Migraines are accompanied by a loud shrieking noise. Patient is also hypersensitive to auditory stimuli. Physical testing shows abnormally fast reflexes and pattern recognition relative to the average human, along with increased hearing range and ability to notice much finer distinctions in pitch. Brain scans showed increased activity in the temporal lobe and an auditory cortex approximately 17% larger than normal." He looked up, meeting my eyes. "You likely also have perfect pitch. You can hear a humming noise indicating that electronic devices are on; this noise may cause you pain if you get too close, although the CAT scan was uneventful enough that I doubt you have progressed to that stage. Your auditory hallucinations are all of a single voice, female, speaking an unknown language. Her speech varies in tone and volume, and you can usually tell her emotion, but not her meaning. Does that sound correct?"

I'm stunned. But after a few seconds, I manage to nod. The voice in my head laughs, and I scowl; the doctor doesn't seem to mind. He realizes it's not directed at him.

"Yours is far from a unique case, Mr. Weaver. You are the fifty-second patient in the last eight months to have the same symptoms. We didn't ask you to write down the words the voice says, but if we did, I have no doubt we'd find the language was Aramaic, and the exact content somehow related to your present situation."

"...Alright. So, that explains how you knew... do you know what this is, though? Why it's happening?"

The doctor frowns slightly. "To be perfectly honest, we don't know. But the proper treatment does give us some small clues." He lifted his other hand, showing a large white pill. "This is a weak amnestic, not to be confused with an anesthetic."

I took a step back, almost involuntarily. "Mind-erasing? You're going to... what, try to wipe my memories with that? How the fuck would that help?!"

The doctor paused and glanced down at the sheet. "Ah, right. It did mention you seemed... distrustful. I'm sorry about that, Mr. Weaver. No, we are not going to wipe your mind. You see, memories are stored as pathways. Connections between neurons. Vivid memories are made of many very strong connections; distant memories are made of fewer, weaker ones. Your... condition seems to be caused by an event that had a profound effect on your mind, although we still don't know how it can make the physical changes it does. If your case is similar to the others, it's an event that you only remember barely if at all, but a bit of it is somewhere in the back of your mind. This amnestic works by slightly weakening all your memory connections. Very faint or distant memories will become fainter or be forgotten entirely; your strong memories will remain at nearly the same strength. For the next few days, you may find you need to think a second or two longer to recall certain memories or information, but after that point the mental connections will be strengthened by use and you will suffer no remaining effects. The migraines and hallucinations will stop immediately, and the physical changes will revert over the next month."

I think. Everything he's saying makes sense, considering what he's talking about. Whatever this condition is, it definitely isn't normal. Not in the way that a mental illness is abnormal, but even more than that - it's a particularly unusual illness. One that seems too specific and appearing too suddenly to be believable - and yet, it's true. It's no surprise they don't know how it works, but apparently they've at least figured out a cure. So, finally, I relax, stretch out my arm, and take the pill from the doctor. The voice starts speaking quickly, as incomprehensible as always. I put the pill in my mouth, and it becomes louder, more frantic. I swallow, and wait.

Silence.