The first time i saw him was a month into my captivity, he had appeared in the corner of my eye just as my captors had started to tear my fingernails off. He had stood there watching as the torturer had taken a hammer and smashed my fingertips then went on to pull out the nails one by one, the figure never moved or showed any expression as my screams of pain echoed through the concrete walled torture chamber. 

They had asked me questions to which i didnt have the answers, yet whenever i tried to tell them that they just laughed at me and continued their work on my body. Once they had gotten tired or bored they threw me back in the small cubed room that was called a cell and left me to whimper and cry silently with the apparition as my only company. At first i had thought that it was only a figment of my imagination, something conjured by my brain to help me cope, fairly normal thing to happen to a human being placed under that kind of stress but he never faded as the days and sessions went by.

After two months of having only him as company i eventually succumbed and started speaking with him; the first time he responded took me by surprise, even more so when he explained to me that he was the incarnation of Death, the harvester of souls who was only waiting for the right moment to collect and leave but my resilience had surprised him. 

As time wore on our coversations got longer and deeper, something i was grateful for as it meant that i didn't have to think about the pain i was in. They had started on my hands and had moved down with practiced efficiency; my teeth had been pulled out with pliers, they had smashed the bones in both my legs with a hammer leaving me unable to walk and today had decided that electrocution would be a nice change.

As i lay in the pile of feces covered straw shivering  with cold and pain, feeling the little bit of life left in me slowly seeping away he had appeared again though this time there was an aura of anger and urgency around him. 

He put his hands on my shoulder without saying anything and i figured my time was up, i was going to be reaped and the assholes who so enjoyed breaking me would lose one of their favorite playthings. A bright light blinded me and i felt a sudden weightlessness, probably the feeling of my soul leaving my body, when the light had faded i found myself in a bright white room, lying on top of a comfortable bed; comfortable in comparison to the straw pile i had called a bed for 6 months. In the corner there was a television set playing some news report about an explosion at a secret military facility that had killed everyone there, everyone except for me.

I later learnt that the nurses had found me lying outaide of the emergency room doors, covered in blood and in a very bad shape and had rushed me to the O.R immediately to keep me from succumbing to my wounds. They couldnt explain how i had arrived there; only that they had seen a bright flash of light and then i was there.