“Sorry, sir, we’re out of Italian bread, what else can I get you?” Makayla said. 

The faces – oh god, the faces. Jayden held back his scream, hunching over; all eyes in the store turned towards him. Every face he would save flashed across his vision in an instant; a near infinite amount for him, so much joy—and so much pain. 

The faces of those he would kill flashed in front of him now. One million? Ten million? A billion? He lost count among the contorted, bloodied, twisted faces of the damned. Makayla looked at the man in front of him—an ordinary businessman, dressed in a grey suit, with brown belt and shoes, bent over on the counter. Behind him, the line of workers hungering for a sandwich twisted through the store—out into the street. Makayla was *so done* with this.

“Sir, we have wheat bread, white bread, or flatbread.” She said

Jayden held onto the counter, arms shaking, tears in his eyes. “Please, help—”

“Hey asshole, you going to order or not?”

“Hey—buddy. Give the guy a second” Rodger said. He was the third man in line. 

“Look, you twat,” the first man said, spinning around. “I don’t have time for this—He can have a meltdown on his own time, I have meetings to go to—important ones.”

The second man, a heavy built construction worker, had zero patience for this businessman’s attitude. *As if his cozy office job and meetings made him special.* Rodger pushed the lawyer forward, knocking him back into Jayden. 

The store burst into action. The man rose and threw an untrained punch at Rodger, who took it in stride. Rodger hoped this man was a lawyer as he returned the punch in kind, knocking the man to the ground. The store burst into action.

Makayla pressed the panic button and drew a can of pepper spray from her pocket. It wasn’t permitted in the store; she didn’t give a rat’s ass about that rule.  Jayden bent down and covered his face. He was surprised to see a single face flash in front of him—his own. Suddenly gunfire burst into the room, the bullet burying itself into the counter inches above where Jayden had been a moment before. 

The riot broke out—construction workers fought businessmen, businessmen fought each other, punches and chairs were thrown. Bullets flew; people died. In the corner of the store, sitting at a table, enjoying a teriyaki chicken sandwich, a young, teenage boy watched as his mother was shot three times in the waist. 

He screamed, crawling through the violent crowd towards his mother. Blood poled around her; her eyes were glazed and motionless. The boy cried—sorrow and rage. This world was unfair, and he would set it right. With a rage, he screamed, his voice lost among the chaos. 

In the dark mob of a New York Sandwich shop—a hero was born. He would save the world, not through good deeds, but by cleansing it of the weak, the violent, and the angry. For a better world. For the greater good. Red light ran through his eyes, and he felt his new power flare through him. 

Jayden, seeing a younger, crying boy, crawled towards him. He grabbed the boy by the shoulder, covering his head; together they ran out of the broken windows towards the street, away from the violence, and towards safety.

Jayden saw more saved faces appear in his mind—his family. 

***

Well this turned real dark, real quick... anyway, more at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH