I stood in a familiar place. While I couldn’t say where I’d seen it before, it felt almost like home. The place I’d never been and yet where it had all begun.

“So it’s finally over,” I whispered. Speaking those words left me feeling light, the weight of the world off my shoulders, peace at last. No more fighting, no more deaths. I wouldn’t have to bury any more friends.

If I had any more tears to cry, I would have. Instead, I looked to the sky and let out a long breath, content to know that their sacrifices hadn’t been in vain, that I proved their belief in me well-placed. Humanity won. For how I struggled with the blood I had on my hands, that was the most important. Compassion hadn’t hindered me. For all my hypocrisy, I at least tried to be ‘good’, even if it was an ideal I couldn’t reach. I didn’t give in to the despair. Through all the pain, I kept pushing forward in the slim hope I could make up for my mistakes, rather than let them define me.

Wiping my cheek, I muttered, “I guess I did have a little left in me.”

All of a sudden, the air stilled. I fell back into old habits and reached for my sword, only to find nothing there, my heart pounding.

“Would you like to play again?”

The voice boomed from all directions, no source in sight. I didn’t understand what he was asking, either. “What do you mean?”

“Start from the beginning with all the progress you have made. Levels, skills and abilities will be kept, as well as all non-story items and equipment. The enemies will be harder, bosses much tougher, but the rewards will be even greater.”

Though some parts made sense, others escaped me entirely. Still, what I understood was enough to make my pulse race further. “Can I save them?”

“There will be no differences to the story itself.”

My heart clenched, squeezing so hard I lost my breath for a moment. “Then, why would I? What’s the point if nothing will change?”

A new voice spoke now, a whisper that tickled my one ear. “This is not for you to choose.”

“What?” I said, turning on the spot but still not seeing anyone else there. “Whose choice is it then?”

The whisper came to my other ear. “You are but a pawn in a game, nothing more.”

I stilled. “Explain.”

Gentle laughter swirled around me from an invisible source. “But I have—it’s not my fault an ant cannot comprehend that it is an ant.”

“I’m a man,” I said, patting my chest. “I am a man who knows himself to be a man.”

“You are a ghost who thinks himself a man.”

“I bleed if I am cut,” I said. “My feelings, my journey: do they mean nothing?”

A distant voice, as though from another world leaking in, said, “Yes.”