Pearl awoke in a white room strapped to a bed and covered by a sheet, with three middle aged women and a young hispanic man in the room with her.

"Where am I? Who are you people?"

Their mouths move but no sound comes out. She doesnt recognize any of them. Two of the women are seated on opposite sides of the room, tears silently fall down their faces. The other women, who looks very different from the other two, is sitting next to the bed with a clipboard, while the young man sweeps the room.

"I want to go downstairs with the schoolkids."

An older man with a John Wayne-esque sternness to him walks into the room unnoticed by everyone but Pearl. She recognizes him, his usually tired green eyes were uncharacteristically vibrant and looked at her with a mix of joy and sorrow.

"Pearl" he said, the first human voice she'd heard since waking up, "How are you? You look so tired, how did you get here? And why did they tie you down?"

"I don't know Donny, I'm so confused and afraid, i don't know who these people are or why I'm here, please help me i can't get up." She was so weak, she tried to struggle but to no avail. "Help me Donny, I just want us to go home, the girls are going to get home from school soon."

"The girls will be fine Pearl, you and I both know that we raised them to be self sufficient responsible women."

A young man stepped into the room, he looked exhausted and his clothes were marked by sweat. He greeted the two tearful middle aged women and seemed to be asking about Pearl. He said something to her but she couldnt hear anything. He then said something to the clipboard woman by the bed after which she rose and moved out of his way. He leaned down over Pearl to give her a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"Donny who is this man? Why did he hug me?"

"I don't know honey, I think he's too young for me to know him, but he seems to be very concerned for you. Don't worry about anything, we'll be walking out of here soon enough. I'll tell you what, when we get home I'll make some burned hot dogs and ice cream for you" Don chuckled to himself, he knew that was her favorite thing eat when she was feeling depressed. Pearl smiled, she loved Don from the moment she laid eyes on him, he always knew exactly what she needed.

The young man hugged the two tearful women, and walked out with one of them as Pearl drifted off to sleep.

"I just - I couldn't even tell if she recognized me, she didnt respond at all. She's so out of it, how long has it been this bad?" The young man said

"She started getting really bad yesterday morning, she was hallucinating about pappy again and just walked out of the house alone last night. She tried to eat her bed sheet because she thought it was a cake,  *voice slightly breaking* I don't know how much longer I can deal with this Zech, she doesn't even recognize us anymore, I - I just want my mom back. I love her so much but she doesnt even know who I am anymore." The woman broke out into tears as they walked into the elevator. 

"It'll be okay Marlea, we've been going through this for the past four years."

"Judy was saying something about her white blood cells being really high?"

"Yes they think she might have an infection but its not a UTI like last time, it might be a symptom of the Leukemia. If its gotten to her brain its just going to make her dementia even worse. Im sorry honey, but I don't know how much longer Gram will be able to fight it."

They embraced and said goodbye before leaving the hospital, plagued with feelings of worry and emptiness while Pearl mumbled to herself incoherently about her long dead husband and the imaginary schoolkids downstairs.

First story, criticism welcome, based on an experience i had this morning