The day is August 19, 1934,
70 degrees, sun shining through parted clouds.
An assassin comes into frame dressed in all black,
Masked, and fully clothed.
He is atop a hill over seeing a German military base.
He speaks out loud "I'm Here"
Voice responds "Rokin, I have nothing more, proceed.
The assassin only known as Rokin stands up leaps and rolls
down a steep and rocky hill gaining speed as he front flips and comes
to a sliding finish at the bottom.
He makes his way through the base cautiously 
towards the HQ above the intelligence building.
The place is crowded being evasive just wont work anymore.
Rokin rips a lightsabor from his utility belt, kicks in the door
to 3 soldiers drinking coffee, before they can blink an eye 
Rokin stabs first soldier in chest straight through.
The other 2 solders reach for there weapons
only to get their heads sliced clean off
by one fail swoop, causing solder 2 to shit his pants.
Rushing down the hallway Rokin back flips
for no reason screaming heehaa.
This alerts soldiers from all 4 rooms,
20 soldiers come rushing out from every witch way. 
Rokin rushes them in the large corridor screaming "El Polako",
as he front flips into a Mctwist before slicing clean through 
6-7 humans anatomy confusing the rest of the squad.
In a blink of an eye he disappears seemingly to allow
them to collect the body parts of there comrades
only to return spinning with his blades full velocity
massacring the rest of the German fleet.
Scene cuts to 2 armed guards protecting Hitler.
All 3 men start speaking German gibberish
as Rokin kicks in the door running full speed towards them.
The moment seems to be going slow motion as Rokin tosses 2 grenades up
in the air then spear tackles Hitler out the window.
The soldiers blow up in a million tiny pieces, it's gross.
Rokin ties up Hitler and puts a sock in his mouth, then 
drags him back to the time machine 3 kilometers away.
He loads him, starts up the machine and takes the sock out of Hitlers mouth.
Hitlers says "Arent you going to kill me"
Rokin does not respond as he straps himself into the machine,
then in an instant the machine vanishes.
The machine reappears in what seems like a jungle.
Scene cuts to Rokin tossing Hitler into the swampy water.
He then unties him and says "Good Luck" walking away.
Hitler replies in English "Thank you, thank you for letting me go"
Rokin turns his head back for a second looking at Hitler before hoping in the machine and disappearing through time.
Velociraptor hundreds it seems come out of no where shredding
Hitler into a bloody meaty mess and don't even eat him.
Rokin then goes back to present day Germany to attend BeerFest
and gets very drunk screaming "Das Boot"
FIN>>>




 
