Thurius gestured forwards with his scepter. He'd already programmed it with the correct "spell" and the end immediately shone with brilliant emerald light. When the glow faded the damaged limb of the Lefman was healed, flesh knitted back together without leaving so much as a scar. 

The Lefman scrambled back staring in amazement at his arm. He spoke to the others in the bizarre Lefman language, the colour of his eyes rapidly changing as he clicked with his mandibles. The other Lefmen turned towards Thurius staring, wonder filling their alien eyes. They started to bow, humming in a reverent manner as they did so. Thurius couldn't help but grin, this was the third such group Thurius had encountered since he awakened. They'd all reacted this way to the scepter. 

The androids Thurius and his team had designed had done an admirable job, erasing the damage done by millenia of human habitation. However, the other members of his team hadn't known about the changes Thurius had requested. They'd been too short sighted, too unambitious, they didn't consider that the machines could do much more than repair the world whilst they slept. They could improve it. 

The Lefmen lead Thurius to their village. The creatures were not entirely primitive. They lived in solidly built structures, and had access to heat, light, and running water. They were mostly herbivorous, and every settlement contained several large 'farm towers' filled with crops. However, they were deeply religious, spending a great deal of time on various rituals dedicated to their 'gods'. Thurius wondered how they'd react, knowing many of those gods had been designed by him. 

Thurius accepted a large bag of food from the Lefmen and made ready to leave. He dared not stay with the Lefmen for long, lest their 'gods' should find him.

Unfortunately, Thurius wasn't the only one who'd made secret alterations to the androids. Somebody (and Thurius had a good idea who) had decided that it wasn't enough to simply repair the Earth. Not without also removing the source of the damage. He'd expected to awaken to a utopia, a paradise that they'd designed. Instead, he'd awoken to extinction. Whilst they'd slept, the machines had roamed the world, making it habitable again, and destroying every stasis chamber they encountered, murdering the human race as they slept. A handful had survived until the awakening, but the machines had been waiting, dormant but ready to hunt them when they emerged. Thurius had only survived thanks to his access to the control matrix. 

He looked down at the scepter in his hands as he left the village, thinking of how helpless he'd be without it. The Lefmen seemed to want him to stay, but he ignored them. He needed to keep moving. Once out of sight of the village he opened a panel on the scepter and reprogrammed it. Healing injuries did a good job of impressing Lefmen, but it wouldn't protect him from any androids he encountered. The control matrix wasn't entirely as powerful as he'd hoped, and many of the functions he'd designed didn't work. It appeared that even their most advanced machines, set to work for millions of years, had some limitations. However, access to the matrix still granted him almost godlike control over his immediate environment. He could program the scepter to reshape rock, bend light, even alter the structure of atomic nuclei. To the Lefmen this was magic, to Thurius, this was technology, reaching heights beyond the limits of a human lifespan.  

This part of the world was filled with wondrous forests. Impossibly tall trees, the ground carpeted with delicate flowers, and ferns glistening with moisture. Thurius couldn't remember who'd designed these areas. In those days he'd been too focused on his control matrix and had left such work to the others. A shame, that whoever had designed such beauty likely never saw the fruits of their labour. 

Thurius continued walking until he reached the entrance to his home. A tunnel, hidden by vines and flowers, which led into a massive cave that Thurius had fashioned using the scepter. In the middle of the cave sat Thurius's masterpiece, a sculpture of gleaming metal, built according to his design. Every part of it had been intricately shaped and carried out its role in perfect harmony with the surrounding pieces. It was, in miniature, what he hoped the world would one day become. 

Thurius sat and ate the Lefman food, contemplating his new machine. It was almost finished now, and it was everything he had hoped it would be. Only with the control matrix was such a creation possible, if they'd had this power in the old days, they could have fixed the world themselves. They needn't have slept. When this machine was finished he could reclaim his paradise and walk in the world without fear of being hunted. Once his machine had destroyed the ancient androids he'd be free to do as he wished, shape things as he saw fit. 

After all, there can only be one god.
