Honestly, I thought I'd seen it all by now. I've spent most of my adult life serving everyone and *everything* from extraterrestrial slip-space travelers to Lovecraftian horrors that a normal man couldn't even comprehend without losing their mind. Why, I was just having a delightful conversation with the Disparate-but-Union-Sons of Shoggoth. They numbered in the...well, I don't really know. Not really countable, if you get my drift. But I have infinite chairs around my bar and infinite glasses lining my shelves.

Hundreds of beings beyond imagination have occupied this dimly lit but strangely comfortable room. Forms made up of silicon, superheated steam, purest quark-gluon plasma, antimatter star-dust, interdimensional nightmare wool...all gathered in front of me, eager for a stiff drink and light snacks. 

When I started out, I was probably as nervous as any kid would be, starting a new job green behind the ears. I say probably because, to be honest, I don't quite remember how I got here. When customers ask, I make up whatever story fancies me that night. But that doesn't matter now.  It's all become pretty humdrum, but in a good way. I'm comfortable with this life, with my job; my tap has never stopped running and so I have never stopped serving. I'll admit that I still take a little pride in being able to stare a cosmic impossibility in the face and simply asking whether it prefers its beer warm or chilled. 

So maybe it'll surprise you to hear that I nearly dropped the glass I'd been cleaning when *he* walked in. 

It was a human person, which in itself wasn't too strange; every now and then, some poor chap stumbles through an interdimensional rift that happened to open up in his bathroom and ends up in my bar, scared shitless. I usually give them a glass of water to calm them down, maybe a drink or two if they like, and then send them back home. They'll wake up in the morning with little but a headache and maybe wisps of a strange, unfathomable dream. 

But this guy shook me, and my customers noticed. They grinned and turned around, eager to see what could possible get the toughest, most impassive bartender in multi-reality to blanch. And they froze dead in their tracks, too. The ones that had jaws let them fall open. 

In our defense, the last person any of us would've expected coming in through those doors would be *me.*

He - I - he walked casually up to the bar and slide into the infinity-chair with ease. muscle memory kicked in, and I tossed down a stone coaster and clean glass. He pointed at a bottle with his knuckle - my favorite poison - and I wordlessly poured. All the while, I studied his face with increasing fascination. 

"Well?" he eventually asked. His voice was like mine, but gruffer. "I know you have questions."

"Why are you so old?" I blurted out. It was a stupid question, but he just nodded and took a long drag from the glass. 

"I'm from your future," he said, wiping his mouth. "One of them, anyway."

"My future," I repeated. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a tentacle squirm impatiently, and I hastily poured another pint of  a blackish, glowing fluid into a frosted mug and slid it down the mahogany. "So does that mean..."

"Means nothing," he chuckled. I couldn't get over how wrinkled his skin was, how the bags under his eyes stretched. "Just that I happen to be old. And you."

"Wait, but...why are you here?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Why does anyone - anything - come here?" He tapped his glass with a nail, and I moved to refill it. "To drink, lad. And maybe a little for the nostalgia factor." 

"Oh." 

He grinned, an eerie mirror of my own. "You sound disappointed." 

"It's just...well, I've never served *me* before. I thought this might be something..."

"Special?" he prodded. "Fateful? Maybe you thought I came to trade places with you or something silly like that?"

I bristled. It was strange to hear my own sarcasm aimed back at me. "Forget it. Let me know if you need anything else." I moved away to tend to a new patron, a gaseous cloud of blinking lights and ultrasound beeping.

He watched me make a plasma shot. There was a strange, faraway look in his eyes. “You're good at this."

I nodded curtly, still a little stung. "Just doing my job."

"For a long time now," he remarked.

"Is that so?" I asked casually. "I wouldn't know. Can't remember much of my beginnings here."

"Yeah? Not surprised." He pointed to the walls. "Did you notice that you're missing something?" 

I looked around. "Like what?"

He pulled up his sleeve. A well-worn, ornate watch hung loosely around tanned skin. "Nice piece," I said. It occurred to me that it was like the one I had, and I glanced discreetly at my own wrist. Then I remembered I kept it under the bar because it would clink annoyingly on glasses.

He tapped the face impatiently. I leaned in closer and peered at the silvery hands. "Oh, it's broken." 

"Not broken," he corrected. "Just stopped." 

"What?"

He swiveled a crooked finger around the room. "It's this place. Does funny things to time, you see. To time and people's perceptions of it. Hell, no doubt that’s partly why some of your regulars come here so frequently. Who doesn't want to step out of it all every now and then? Though I suppose, you decided to stay out of it a bit longer."

I stared at him. "Not sure I understand."

"Think on it," he suggested. "You'll get it eventually. After all, you have all the time in the world." He let out a sudden guffaw, as if he had heard some great joke. 

Thoroughly bemused, I slid over to serve some of the other customers. When I returned, he had gotten up and pulled his coat back over his shoulders. A few coins lay next to the empty glass.

"Leaving so soon?"

"Soon, later, no difference here," he chortled. "Anyway, I'm ready to go back to my reality. And don't worry, you'll get back to yours too one day," he added with a wink.

"This *is* my reality," I replied. "This is what I do."

"What you've always done," he said, smiling broadly. He reached out a hand suddenly, and after a moment, I shook it. "Keep at it, then." With that, he turned around and disappeared without another word. I frowned as I watched him go.

"You alright, boss?" A vaguely crocodilian lifeform breathed methane at me. Its multitudinous eyes glowed like pulsars. 

"Fine," I mumbled. "Another fire-sludge on the rocks, sir?"





_____________________
*Liked that? More stories [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Idreamofdragons/)!* 
_____________________
