“Wolarski, hit the high beams.”

Officer Wolarksi nodded, put down his take-out box of pierogis, and pulled on the column behind the steering wheel. The lights from the Ford Taurus came on in a blinding fashion. Brought into sudden view was the wanted man:
-	Caucasian;
-	dark hair;
-	5’10”;
-	Scar on the right cheek;
-	120 years old.

The lights startled the man. “Aaaugghaughghaughgahgg!”

“How the hell did this guy get this far on Division?” Shaking his head, Officer Farina snatched the radio, “Central, this is Car 218, we have a 666 in progress at W. Division and N. Damen. Will handle, over.”

“Central, confirmed, over.”

“Alright, lets get this over with,” breathed Farina.

The two officers stepped out, one hand on their holsters, flashlights in the other, illuminating the unkempt man. His white pinstripe suit has long since withered and was caked in dirt. What had once been a white carnation in the man’s breast-pocket had faded gray and shriveled. One eye had fallen out of its socket and was swinging wildly as the man’s rough gait moved him toward the awaiting squad car.

Farina threw up his free hand. “Ah jeez, look at this mess!” The perp was dragging what remained of his intestines behind him.

“Mr. Mitto, you’re under arrest.”

“Aaaaauguguggugughhh!”

“Yes, Mr. Mitto, you’re under arrest for… Wolarski, do you have the rap sheet?”
Wolarksi spit out a bite of kielbasa and handed Farina the arrest order. Farina gave him a sideways glance as he brushed the relish off the binder.

“Mr. Mitto?” said Farina. Mitto spun to face Farina, with the still loose eye in tow.

“Auggugughghg?”

“You’re under arrest for 15 counts of racketeering, 6 counts of murder, 4 counts of union election tampering, and 1 count of indecent exposure.”

“Aaaugghaugh!” A strand of Mitto’s intestine snapped and dropped onto the pavement, pulling with it several soggy chunks.

“Maybe make that two.”

Farina paused and thought for a moment.

“Technically this guy’s dead, right?”

Wolarski shrugged and took another bite of his Italian sausage.

Farina looked at his watch. It was already 8:30. His shift was way past due after chasing reports of this freakjob all day.

“Alright, get the billy club and maybe I can make it home in time to catch the rest of the game.”

Wolarski nodded, putting down the steak sandwich in tin foil, and reaching back into the squad car, produced his wooden billy club. Wolarski gave it a few good trusty pats and set to work on Mitto.

“Aaaughggh! Aaaughggh! Aaaughggh! Aaaughggh! Aaaug-“

The head now caved in, the undead body dropped to the ground. A slip of paper came out. Farina picked it up.

“Huh, registered to vote in 1960. Alright, let’s call it in and call it a night. I’m starved!”
Wolarski nodded.

The two officers climbed back in the squad car and took off into the evening.