  

This was the first time the Shutdown day 30/12/2100, its all we have heard on the news, radio, everything. Its completely inescapable. I arrive at the cyrotech facility I see protesters, hundreds of them placards raised and shouting chats. Corporate security was on standby, armoured troopers and APCs ready to quell any trouble that may arise. This was a big day after all. 

As I walk down the central path, I have to dodge thrown bottles and sticks from the protesters, I break into a run to get to the safety of the security cordon. I am greeted by a huge figure, one of the corporate powered armour soldiers, in a modulated voice he says, “social security identification, now.” I raise my wrist and he scan it with his pad. “go” he says, not wanting to argue I scurry into the office. 

A chipper young man greets me at the door “oh Mr…” he fumbles on his pad “Johnson! We have been expecting you, please right this way, this is an exciting day is it not?” “I guess it is, I'm a bit nervous truth be told” “oh no need to worry Mr Johnson, this facility has top rated security, triple redundancy and internal generators, we are prepared for anything!” 

He walks me into a huge room with thousands of pods all with people preparing to enter the long sleep, the young man ushered me to my pod. It was a white pod with white padding inside, the door was thick glass with monitors displayed inside the glass. “please Mr Johnson, step inside!” with trepidation I step inside the pod, the door softly closes on me. 

“good good Mr Johnson, are you comfortable?” 

“as much as I can be, thanks” 

“OK Mr Johnson I'm going to activate the cyro sleep procedure now, it may get a little cold”

He starts typing into the panel on the side of the pod, tubes inject themselves into my body and I am robbed of all movement, then I see his hand explode in a shower of blood, bullets ripping into him. 

All I hear is gunshots and explosions. 

The protesters had gotten violent and stormed the facility shooting everyone they see. 

I black out. 

I awaken to see corpse of the young man, slumped across the railing, panicked I scan the room, bodies. Corporate, protester, civilian, it was a massacre. 

The facility was in ruins, pods were cracked open, the roof was partially caved in, I could see the sky was a murky green colour. 

I tried to move but I the pod was still injecting me with paralysing agent. Oh god, I thought, no, no, no, was I trapped here? 

I was. 

Ok, I thought, its fine. Somebody will come for you. I mean the world is still active, somebody must know I am here. 

I look towards the sky and my heart sinks. The tensions caused by overpopulation had caused a cold war between the major world powers, the law was introduced as a stopgap to help solve the issue. 

What if it had turned bad. What if I  was the only one left? 

Days turned to weeks, I felt my sanity slipping away, isolated, unable to move. 

My rationalisation was all for naught nobody came, not a single thing stirred in the facility. I stopped counting the days, my life was that of an observer, in this frigid tomb to humanity’s arrogance. 

Today I tried to bite my tongue. I can’t. 

Today I tried to stop breathing. I can’t. 

I’m trapped in myself. Is this punishment from a divine creator? Do you hate us that much? Do you hate me? 

I tried to be a good man, sometimes I wasn’t but I tried. 

I’m sorry

I’m sorry

I’m sorry

I’m sorry

My thoughts turned into a maddening haze as my mind searched for stimulation. Nothing. 

His skull has dimples, I stared at the decayed corpse of the young man. His rotted flesh all too familiar to me. I wonder what his name was. Doesn't matter now, he’s dead. 

Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

He dead, serves him right, serves them all right

Maybe this is hell, maybe I am dead, but I don’t know it? 

I look at the sky a lot. It moves, it’s interesting.

Sometimes it rains. 

I find it, hard to think now. 

I want to die. 

I can’t

Suddenly I hear a noise. “EMERGENCY POD EJECTION, POWER LOW, RELEASING SEAL” 

With a hiss the tubes retract from my body and I can move. I pound and the door it opens and I come crashing out. 

I breath and instantly choke, the air is stagnant, full of death. I Shakily grab the railing and right myself. I start walking towards the exit. As I move through the corridors, I see bodies everywhere, some clad in the black power armour. 

Bullet holes riddle the walls and floor. I look towards the screen in the main entrance, its still active. 

30/12/2792

I drop to my knees. I turn my head to look outside. Nothing but blasted buildings and corpses. 

I walk towards the door, I grab a pistol from a dead security guard. 

“there’s, nothing…left” 

I put the gun to the roof of my mouth and fi-

They heard a loud bang from around the corner, the group of scavengers rushed round to see the fresh corpse of an old man, fresh blood seeped from his skull. 

“check his pockets and grab his gun” said the leader of the scavengers.  