As Bob walked God to the Andromeda Galaxy, Bob asked God some pointers and tips of these "people of earth". God started laughing hysterically and had a hard time catching his breath. Bob raised an eyebrow and wondered why God was so amused after all these years, wondering if he suspected what was to come.

"What about archives, or records. Anything I can look over to get acquainted with the past few thousand years?" asked Bob. God wiped the tears of laughter from his eyes as he regained composure. "You're in for quite a treat" God said between coughs of laughter "in all the world's I ruled over" he continued, "never have I been able to abuse, slaughter, murder, wipe out and commit frequent waves of genocide, or command the earthlings to carry it out in my name, and STILL be loved and worshipped for it! I mean, take this guy Job a few thousand years ago.." Bob noticed God trail off in laughter again. “Actually” God continued “let me back up a bit here. You remember Satanuel from GB-433? My apprentice for the Milky Way?”. “Oh yes!” Bob replied “He goes by uh, .. 'Satan' now right?. Yeah, good guy, it's been a while”.


“That's right yeah” God remarked “you worked with him for a while. So what happened was, we were bored this particular century and Satan comes over and says ‘You know that Job guy down there? I bet you 20 new species he'll turn on you if I fuck with him a bit'. I told him 'you're on!' But just don't kill the poor fucker at least! Oh, and I get to pick the next world we rule if I win!'. So Satan was game." God was really enjoying this one in particular, Bob noticed. 

As they got closer to Andromeda, God continued "So long story short, Satan turned Job's closest friends against him, I mean they cursed him good, it was amazing! Satan slaughtered all his kids, like 20 of them and had all his animals struck down. Then Satan put together this new disease, I think earth men call the mutation Ebola now. So Satan gives job this awesome new virus that decimates him within a thin line of death. He suffered like you wouldn't believe, I thought Satan had him! But Job looked up at the sky and praised my name! I caused a massive thunderstorm that night I laughed so hard! Satan was the one who persuaded me to give him more kids and restore everything. I really couldn't give a fuck!".

Bob, was horrified. Shocked and appalled at what he was hearing. God went on to tell Bob about the Great Flood, forcing the Israelites to wander the desert, the plague in Egypt, almost forcing one of his worshippers to kill his own son, pitting early tribes against each other in bloody warfare year after year. And God spent the next hour just covering atrocity after atrocity.

Bob was beyond horrified to realize that God, *the God* all the other universe overlords whispered about, was the most psychopathic entity he has ever seen. Bob was briefed on many known tragedies and he knew why he was here, he never lost focus of that, but hearing God go on like this beside him, was something he didn't prepare for.

After God laughed through story after story of these horrors and tactics to control the indigenous intelligent species on this planet, God said that most of it was kept in “what they call the Bible”. "Give it a read, and see where you'll want to pick it back up from" he laughed.

That's when Bob produced his Dark Matter voseer. The ultimate weapon of the overlords since the Big Bang (which coincidentally, a voseer accidentally caused and created this new dimension). 

"GOD!" Bob yelled "By the authority of the overlords in this corner of the universe, you are under arrest" God couldn't believe it. "We've been watching you for thousands of years, we should have acted sooner!" Bob yelled as he signalled for Satan to reveal himself. Satanuel emerged completely distraught and a shell of his former self. "You went too far God...*you went too far!!!* All those religions to confuse them, all the killing and torture! Your evil! Evil no one thought existed!" lamented Satanuel. "You tried to paint me as the most vile being in this universe and frame me for it all! But I told them everything. Everything." Satanuel struck a deal with the other overlords. They suspected who was behind all this. Now they knew.

Bob put a hand on Satanuel's shoulder as he signaled the anti-matter guards to take God away.

Bob looked back towards earth and realized there was *much* work to be done. More than he had feared or fathomed, to put things right and restore the humans from God's psychotic meltdown.

Bob dropped to the floor and thought "where do I even begin?".