"It can't be" Bruce breathed. A pained fear diluted his usual focused gaze. 

"I've just finished your di..."
The silver tray carrying his dinner fell to the floor. The loud clang covering the minute retch of Mr Pennyworth's stomach. The knot in his stomach was tight. Unrelenting. 

"I expected him to never return. This city holds nothing but pain for him." 
Bruce remarked as he slowly began to turn his chair toward Alfred. No one was there. Alfred had nimble feet and was already en route to the cupboard to clean his mess. A longer blink than usual and the slightest furrow of his brow broadcast his shock for only a moment. Bruce had forgotten where he had learned his little party trick. Alfred returned, composed and with supplies to clean his little mess.

"Apologies Master Wayne, my mistake will be clean almost instantly".


"Likewise Alfred...likewise" he grunts as he begins walking toward his suit.
 
Bruce reached for the second layer of his Batsuit which provided a resistance to the handcrafted bullets made the man he saw on the screen. He felt Alfred's hand on his shoulder.

"Don't take it, it'll be a show of faith" suggested Alfred.

In an instant he boarded the Batwing and was headed toward the situation currently transpiring at the docks. 


The aircraft made a final pass above the docked freighter. Bruce stood atop a block of shipping containers and began surveilling. A group of henchman we're kneeling down, crying. A man paced behind them. Back and forward. Bruce's cowl locked into the receiver of the mobile phones of the men and began to hear:

"I'm going to leave one of you alive to tell your boss what's happened here. So I'll reward the man who gives me the most information. But to show you I'm serious.."

The crying stopped for a moment as parts of brain pulsed once or twice on the coarse ground. 
"The next man will be eliminated in 20 seconds"

Silence remained. These men were seasoned, they were loyal. Nothing would move them, they would die for their cause.
 
"Jason, stop it now. You didn't need to come back to Gotham" pleaded Bruce. 

"You should've really paid attention there Bruce" smirked the figure, the Red Hood reflecting the moonlight. 

"Jason..." a soft wave of confusion lapped the shore of his mind. 

"You're such a romantic, not wearing that extra layer for ***me***" noted the figure.


In a blink, the men, with tear soaked eyes watched Batman fall to his knees, three bullets in a perfect grouping on the left side of the bat symbol. The figure removed the Hood and the locks of jet black hair dropped down revealing the face of Jon Wick. 


"Agamemnon Contingency...Detective. A little showy to call yourself the Detective. You really made it easy for my Bruce. Jason was such a blindspot, you were so emotionally distraught. I expected a little better from you, to be perfectly honest. You've only got a minute left, just remember, no one can protect Gotham now." that little spiel was all Bruce heard before his vision blurred into nothingness.

At the Batcave, Alfred watched in horror as his master began to lose more and more blood, he moved to the desk and hurried the batwing to seek him out. The screen bleeped that it was locked onto his body, but as the aircraft began to duck dive, Jon looked back, and emptied the remained clip into the forehead of the Bat.




