I skulked down the street, Azzy told me someone needed a hand around here, I yawn and crack my neck, pulling my long black hair from my face. Damn demon, could've been long asleep by now, sometimes I wonder if becoming a warlock was worth it. A crash and muffled screams come from a house to my right. "Must be the place." I draw my Inquisition hoodies hood over my eyes and tint myself with some of that dark magic flare.

"Wade. Wade. WAAAAAAADE!"
Azazel's visage screamed at me from my mirror, I try so hard to ignore him buuuuut he could do worse than scream at me.

"What, Azzy?! Humans need sleep! What is it?!"

"Cut the attitude, got a task for you, need it done NOW."

I pull my clothes on and ask for the details.

"A child, girl, 6. She tried to contact us for a contract. As you know, innocents can't activate a summons-"

"Yea yea yea, need the point to get it done Azzy."

Azazel let out a sigh, eons seemed to weigh on his face," She is being abused. Tonight she, her mother, and her brother, will all die by her fathers hand. Stop him, any means necessary, and I'll reward you."

A portal opens before me, blue and red dancing flames. Azazel must still have some angel left in him, i don't like kids, but they shouldn't be killed.

"Consider it done, Azzy."

Flash forward back to the present. I jilt the lock with a small burst of magic and saunter in. Eyes turn toward me, 4 sets. A mother, a son, a daughter, and a would be murderer.

Due to my spell I should be showing a  terrifying aspect of Azazel and the fear in 3 sets of eyes told me that it was working. The girl though, her eyes gleamed with happiness enough to cause my eyes to burn, tears under the surface.

"Well, well, well. A man with a  shotgun aimed at his own family." No need to guess where this guy is going.

The father, nah, the monster, pointed his shotgun at me." Wh- fugoff yu hornned slag"

Lovely, he is also drunk. Disgusting.

I snap my fingers and the shotgun explodes.

Time slowed for me, Azzy must be watching and helping. I shaped some magic around the man, containing the shards and blast on him like a skintight shirt. 

With time slowed I gracefully book it out of there. Hell gets a new soul, and a monster, not my usual fare mind you, gone from the earth.

"Azzy, better set me up with a succubus!" I say as I stalk off into the night, the sound of a  gunshot and screaming in the distance.

Azazel reclines in his leather chair."He is annoying, but Wade does good work."
A small smile flashes on his lips before his phone rings again. Never time for rest in Hell.

My first time guys, sorry if its really really rough.