Marcus encountered his sixth assassination attempt on the morning of his one-thousand-and-first birthday. He opened his eyes to sudden light: the curtains of the canopy bed were ripped back, and four men with sharp duelling swords grinned like wolves. They levelled the points of the rapiers at Marcus, who lifted himself up onto his elbows and wondered where Tally was with the coffee. He had been dreaming about his cathedral again. 


"Hello boys," he said slowly. Marcus spoke lightly, trying to conceal how breathless he'd become at the slight movement. "Is that Sestio I see there?" 


His descendant stepped forward. The point of his sword held steady, but the smile had faded. He had some of Marcus' rugged looks, but his chest was skinny and the dandy clothes looked foolish on him. A thin moustache curled above his thinner lips, and there was no warm light in his weasel-like eyes. Having his friends at his back gave him a cocky confidence. He tossed his head when he spoke. 



"Hello grandfather," Sestio said wickedly. "It's your birthday." They all called him grandfather. At least to his face. 



"So it is," Marcus tossed the blanket aside and stood up. He refused to hold onto the bedposts. They would not know how weak he was. "A thousand and one. What luck have I see to see another day. Another day to plan my cathedral." 



"Not another one, grandfather," Sestio said. "We've come to kill you." 


Marcus heaved a crumpled sigh, saddened. The young ones didn't understand death. He crossed in front of the youths. One of them had let the tip of his sword droop to the floor. Sestio watched Marcus, enraged. Marcus opened the bureaus, pulled out the maps and plans he had been working on the day before. If he didn't show fear... The plans were as he'd left them. 


"Grandfather!" he cried. 



"I will bathe, and dress, as normal," Marcus said. "You will leave. We will not speak about this again. I will not tell your mother." Because Marcus could not remember which one of his many offspring were Sestio's mother. 



Marcus rolled the die of fate and hoped Sestio would be too embarrassed to continue. He rolled up the plans in his hand and tapped them against the opposite palm. 


"It'll all have to be done again," he muttered to himself, moving to his study. The ornate room stretched around his: gilt and frescoed covered walls. He walked slowly, upright and ramrod straight, feeling the prickle on his neck as his would-be-assassins watched him leave.



"Wait here," Sestio barked. He took two long strides and gripped his grandfather by the elbow. His long fingers dug into Marcus, who refused to show pain or fear. 



"Every day for years you have restarted the plans for this cathedral," Sestio whispered under his breath. "It's a madman's dream. You'll never complete it." 



"I will," Marcus said. "And when I complete it, I'll choose to die. Do you know the fable of Penelope, as she waited for Odysseus?" 



"I don't care," Sestio shook Marcus. It frightened him: the rage on his descendant's face, the hatred in his cold eyes. He didn't dare show it. "Your mind's gone, old man. It's time to put it to rest." 



"The cathedral will be a place of rest," Marcus broke free of Sestio's grip. "For me, and for another who didn't choose to die. That's why it *has* to be perfect. For her." 



Sestio's eyes clouded in confusion. He stepped back. Marcus couldn't resist one last dig. 



"And five others have tried to put an end to my plans, Sestio," he quipped. "Yours has been the most feeble yet." 




------


/r/Schoolgirlerror
