He watched her descend gracefully to the ground, carefully stepping her feet out of the window and moving each hand precisely as she climbed down. When she had placed both her feet down, she turned and gasped in surprise.

“James?”

There was something beautiful about the way her hair spiralled from her head, spilling down past her shoulder until it rested on her bodice just above her right breast. The moonlight was caught in it. He could see her beauty, understand it. In a clinical way. 

He remembered what his father said as they were packing.
“She’s beautiful. You’ll realize the moment you see her how lucky you are.”

“Are you James?”

“Yes — are you Sarah?”

She looked at him, met his eyes and nodded. There was a fear in her eyes.

It reminded him of his mother. She had a way of pulling apart his insides with a lingering fearful gaze. She'd ask a question. Sometimes, “do you want to marry?” Or “are your thoughts godly?” Or “why do you spend so much time alone?”

“You’re here to stop me, then?”

James shook his head. "I don't want this marriage."

She looked behind him to the inn. She saw the window open, and the spot where the trellis had snapped as he scrambled down. 

“I love someone else,” she said.

“Me too.”

“I’m headed to the cathedral to meet him.”

James appeared confused. He looked down.

"The cathedral?" He laboured over the word, as though he was exhausted to say it.

“Don’t follow me,” she said. She turned around quickly and began a hurried walk.

James continued staring at the ground, and then slowly raised his right hand to look at the back of it. After a moment, he sighed and smiled.

He followed her as she walked the path along the river. He followed her past the banks dotted with juniper bushes.

She stopped before crossing the bridge to the cathedral, and he approached her. “I told you not to follow me,” she said.

“I’m not,” he replied. “I'm also going to the cathedral.”

The silence between them was taken by the calm flow of the river.

“You too?” she asked.

A voice called out from across the bridge. 

“Come, my family, if you want our love.”

The skin of James’ right hand shifted. It pulled and twisted, creating shallow cuts weaving across his knuckles down to his wrist. He knew this wasn’t normal, but he had known it for so long.

He looked to his hand, and remembered the way his mother would mend his clothes - slowly, piercing the needle through, then a tug to pass the eye through the hole, and finally a pull to bring the fabric together. A shiver ran up his spine.

Another voice, whispering: “We are all to be one.”

The voice struck James, and he clutched his chest. First a sharp pain, and then his insides were being mended. This was a beauty that surpassed understanding.

He felt love.

Sarah looked to James. Her eyes were wide with joy. She was truly beautiful.

They walked across the bridge, hand in hand, and the darkness of the night enveloped them.