Lieutenant Alexei was running late for his shift. If he was late one more time, he knew his commanding officer would restrict his free time. Alexi had been having a rough time at work. September was his first month being commissioned and everyone was on edge. During his enlisted days he didn’t have much responsibility but as an officer now, he felt the stresses of the Cold War everyday. His commanding officer was feeling the stress even more. Alexi and the men could tell that their boss was hardly sleeping or eating, causing him to be short with the crew. 

Alexi passed a sandwich shop as he was rushing to work and thought he better pick up a sandwich for his twelve hour shift. 

“I’ll take a roast beef on rye” Alexi said hurriedly. 
“We only have Italian left”. 
Alexi hated Italian but figured it would be at least something he could get down when he was starving eighth hours into his shift. 

“Fine” he said and then he heard that voice hasn’t heard since his enlisted time “five billion”. 

“Five billion” he said out loud and couldn’t believe it. 

Alexi enjoyed his job, he felt he was making a difference in the world but he hardly ever heard the voice anymore. Before he got his degree and was still an enlisted man, he would hear a voice give a number after some action. 
One night as Private Alexi of the Military Police Corps, he realized the voice was telling him how many people he was saving after he stopped a drunk husband with a gun from killing his family and he heard “three”. 

Alexi grabbed the sandwich in a slow daze and continued on going to work. It’s always been a two, a one, or a three, but five billion, how...

He entered a few minutes late for shift and he knew his boss saw him. He didn’t care. Alexi could only think about that massive number.  

Lieutenant Colonel Stanislav Petrov approached Alexi. “Great, here comes the ass chewing” he thought. 

“Lieutenant Alexi..... I assume the reason you are late is because you were picking up this sandwich for me.”

“Uhhh yes sir, of course”

Alexi didn’t mind, he didn’t like Italian anyway and as a bonus at least the old man would be less cranky with him and the crew on a full stomach. 

“Lieutenant, you take the second shift, I’ll eat and monitor while you do a few laps on the silo stairs to see if that jogs your memory on the importance of being punctual”. 

As Alexi was passing the Serpukhov 15 sign for the sixth time, he heard the alarm for battle stations go off and Lieutenant Colonel Petrov calling for him. 

He ran to the old man and saw it. The Oko early warning system was showing missiles launching from the Americans. He knew what that meant, protocol is to launch immediately upon detection of incoming missiles.

Alexi began picking up the phone when Petrov hit it out of his hand. 

“No! It must be a computer error”

“Sir, we have to start the launch procedure!
We only have minutes! The Oko computer is showing incoming ICBMs!”

“A computer does not tell Lieutenant Colonel Stanislav Petrov what to do....same goes for a newly commissioned officer...Lieutenant Alexi”

Alexi sat in silence as everyone in bunker 15 waited for the sounds of explosions coming from nearby Moscow. No one picked up a phone or radio to notify Moscow and coordinate with the other bunkers. No one outside of the bunker knew ICBMs were headed for the country and everyone Alexi ever knew. 

He sat in silence and didn’t hear anything. And then he remembered “five billion”. 

