Day 1

I stood beside my mother's bed as she cursed silently, her lips forming the words but her body too weak to verbalize. I held her frail hand, and forced my emotions back down into me. For several years we've tried everything. Chemo, every new trial we could think to sign up for, homeopathy, we even blew a chunk of change on marijuana hoping that would help. But nothing ever did, and I suddenly found us waiting at Death's door in the hospital room. Quiet. Cold. The nurse said there was a thermostat, but it must be hidden under all these wires and monitors I dare not touch. 

My mother's hair used to be brilliant. Fire. Blood. Sunset red. Now the fuzz on her gaunt skull looks like it belongs on a corpse. That's all she was, really. I hadn't heard her laugh in two years or seen her help my brother and his wife with her first grandkid like she promised too. Her eyes, when they were open, reminded me why I stayed. Deep mossy green that reminded me of forests long hidden. Intelligent still, trapped in the dying form in front of me. 

"Do you need more morphine, Mom?" My hand hovered above the call button. She mouthed another swear word.

And so it went. Hours. A few days, maybe even a week. Inside, I wanted to rage. To curse death, to grab the cancer in her and wring it with my bare hands. My wristwatch read 3:18 AM when he (she? It?) appeared. The room was dark. I sat beside Mom's bed, dozing in and out of reality and dreams. When I first saw Death, I knew at once which realm I was in. 

"Come to take her?" I asked. "Finally, after making her suffer?"

He didn't answer, only floated closer until he stood at her feet. A skeletal hand drifted out of his wispy black robes, hovered over her sleeping form. Mom took a deep breath in, deeper than she'd been able to take in a long time, and it left her all at once. I stood up quickly as Death turned to leave.

"That's it, then?" I demanded to his back. "You just waltz in here, snatch her soul, and don't even *apologize*? You're late damn it!"

I forced my aching body up and towards him. Maybe I was a little hasty, a little naive. I thought, maybe Death could be reasonable, just this once. I wasn't watching where I was going.

He spun so quickly I didn't see him move as my foot caught on the shadowy substance that was his robe. Really, my foot went through it. A hiss wafted out of the dark hood, and I stumbled back.

"You will not see me again," it promised in a garbled voice, like rocks were caught in its throat. "You will not hear me, or even detect my presence for all of your days." 

And then he was gone. 

To be continued in a bit.