Flashes of Golden light and booming thunder had been erupting from the grand temple all morning. But by the time Trast arrived the sky was streaked with red and the displays of divine power had simmered down to just the occasional tinkling of bells or harp solo. 

If he'd had the choice he would've arrived even later or better still turned round and gone back to his library. But the laws were clear all princes must compete for the crown. 

As soon as they crossed the temple threshold his keeper gently lowered Trast to the ground knowing that only princes could proceed past this point.

He spent a few moments finding his footing then began his slow hobbling journey to the altar his walking cane making loud clicking sounds as he shuffled along.

He knew that on either side of the walkway tucked away in well lit recesses were the Golden statues of the gods and in front of them stood their new champions. Some petty jealous part of him longed to look up and see which of his strong handsome brothers had were stood in front which statue. But he needed to focus on not falling and fixed his gaze to his own feet instead.

To their credit they waited until he almost halfway there before the assembled crowd started hurling insults. It was nothing he wasn't used to after all he'd had the misfortune to be born into a martial kingdom that worshiped strength and power, not exactly a place where cripples like him were made to feel welcome.

Wincing he bent down and placed his silver dagger onto the altar. Most divine sponsorship came in the form of weapon blessings and the modest dagger was just about the only weapon Trast could use.

Cringing against the stabbing pain he knelt his broken body, lowered his head as far as able and chanted. 
"Gods by the blood of my ancestors grant me your patronage so that I might rise up and claim my rightful throne. In sacrifice I give one thousand talons of silver and one thousand of gold." 

From the alcove to his right he heard his eldest brother shout out.
"Oh clear the altar you fucking troll I'm not going to stand here all day."

His twisted spine gave another spasm of pain, something deep inside his heart snapped and a wave of Icy fury overcame him. 

"Alright forget the gold and fuck the silver. I'm leaving that to my keeper he deserves it more than any of you godly swan-fuckers"

There was a collective outroar from the audience and he could feel the heated glare of the priests on his back.
Another of his loving brothers bellowed out "You're going to die blasphemer"

Trast laughed a cold bitter pain-filled laughter. 
"Oh well we all I know that I'm going to die tomorrow but I don't care, I just want to take one of you preening bastards with me. In fact I welcome death!"

The outrage and yelling was silenced as the hall filled with a strange melodic music that at once enthralled and terrified everyone present. A voice dull and monotone yet equally entrancing rang out.

"My child lay your cane upon the altar and you will need it no longer." 

Trast didn't hesitate for he had nothing to lose. Struggling against his protesting joints he raised his cane and clumsily dropped in onto the altar. 

He stood there arm outstretched waiting for the healing miracle to come. But it never did, instead his treacherous spine betrayed him for a final time and his body predictably fell forward like a toppled statue. His skull struck the stone surface hard. He felt the bitter tang of blood fill his mouth and his vision dim.

Then as he drew his final breaths a cloud of thick black smoke billowed out from the altar and enveloped Trast's dying body. 