All the warmth is gone from my home. My apartment is cold, but not because of the broken heater or leaky old windows, no its cold because the love is gone. When i get home from work im no longer greeted by my love and bestfriend. She doesn’t give me kisses when i walk through the door. We’ll never cuddle on the couch together, we’ll never watch Nat Geo documentaries anymore. We’ll never be together anymore.


I fumble for my keys after a long day, feeling tired and empty, knowing that won’t change tonight. The door creaks open and i slink through into the dark apartment. I skip dinner and head to bed, too tired to even undress. I drift off into sleep.


My eyes stir and i feel my skin plastered to my shirt in sweat. Red light breaks through into my eyes and i feel the heat for the first time. Leaping up i pan my view around, my bare bedroom replaced by an unending desert of black sand, mile high columns of lava and fire light up the desert. A man in a black suit, much nicer than my own, stands a little away, by his side is lucy. She sits by his side on the black sand, her tail wagging behind her a mile a minute.


“Lucy?” my heart soared, id never think to see her again.


She bolted from where she stood and ran to me her four legs powering against the sand throwing it up onto here golden fur, i dropped down and hugged her the tears ran hot against my face.


“Lucy i’ve missed you” my voice was shaky


Unbenounced to me the man in the suit came to stand by my side. 


“Ever soul in hell gets to play for there soul.” he holds up a worn yellow ball “Lucy chose to play fetch.” he smiled but it never quite reached his eyes. 


Hesitantly i took the ball, it looked the same i’ve had since she’s been a pup, “I... I don’t understand...” 


The man smiles mischievously “it’s simple you throw the ball” he gestures down “and she retrieves it.”


“That’s not what i mean, like don’t you have to win your soul, how does she win?”


“Just throw the ball, then we’ll talk”


I glance down at Lucy whos smiling and gazing up at me and the ball.


“Alright” i wind up and throw the ball, it sales through the air and lands far away, further than i could’ve thrown. Lucy jumps up and runs after it over the black sand.


The man speaks again “there’s been a mixup you see. She wasnt suppose to be here, the games for you. Your last chance to see her, to say goodbye. Enjoy it while it lasts.” the man doesn’t look at me as he speaks. He stares up at ceiling almost like he’s looking at something impossibly far away.


“You see all dogs go to heaven.”
