"Are you done?"

I've been locked in a battle with some big-shot gamer for about three hours now. For those wondering, this is some sort of FPS game. While it's not entirely similar to others, but there's definitely guns and grenades and all that. Not the worst game to be eternally stuck in, to be honest.

Anyway, this guy's been pummelling me with rocket launchers, napalm grenades, flame spells and death-rays for three full hours. Normally, if someone were to die in this game, they'd be booted out and would wake up in their Stimpod. That's just how it works. However, since I physically CAN'T wake up in my Stimpod, I basically can't die. I dunno why this guy's attacking me, I guess he just thought he'd try to be the one to take down the infamous Digital Phantom. I've just been taking it, since I can't really do anything else. Well, that's not true, but it's fun seeing him get frustrated.

"JUST...DIE ALREADY!" 

With that, he pulls out a weapon that I recognise all too well: The Sunset Cannon. It's the most powerful gun in the whole game. Grinning, he takes aim and pulls the trigger. A beam of energy nearly as big as the whole damn room explodes outwards, engulfing me in searing hot energy. He keeps it up for 20 seconds before releasing the trigger. Once the smoke clears, I yawn and walk towards him. He looks utterly bewildered.

"...But...h-how did-"

Before he can finish his question, I calmly take his pistol out of its holster and press it against his forehead, pulling the trigger. Blood splatters out of his head and his avatar fades away into nothingness. Of course, I get to keep the pistol.

Then, something weird happens.

Every nearby player avatar vanishes. They just disappear. No death animation, nothing. Just gone. Confused, I open up the menu and check the player list.

[Active Players: 0]

There's no way every single person playing the game would quit at once. While I was fighting that guy, there were something like 15,684 people playing, give or take. They can't have all simultaneously left.

A revelation hits me and I close the player list, checking the patch notes.

[Version 1.06]

- Fixed a bug in which the battle with Drakthiel would softlock after his fireball attack.

- Fixed a bug that caused cars to hit an invisible ramp on road 56.

- Removed the invincible player model in Gemini Base Alpha.

...They removed me.

They patched the game and removed me. Everyone's playing the newest version now.

I'm the only one left.

I don't wanna go insane. Complete and total isolation tends to turn a person crazy after a while and I don't want that to happen to me. No one'll come back to fight me anyway, so why should I stick around? I glance down at the pistol and shrug, before raising it up to my head and pulling the trigger.

I reach up and brush my fingers over the open wound. I dig into my head and remove the bullet, dropping it to the floor. After staring at it for a while, I simply sit down and hug my knees.

I forgot I couldn't die.