The general knocked on the door, three loud slams on the door. He was just done with the third one as the door opened.

 "And who is it that disturbs the Lord at this hour?"

The general sighed as he replied: "I am sorry to inform the Lord that it is time."

The mans face was hidden in the door, but his voice upheld the welcoming tone: "The Lord will awake shortly, would you care to join us for breakfeast, Sir?"

The General considered the request, and stepped into the large house. As he closed the door the tall man walked down the stairs while checking his pocket watch. 

"The Lord wishes to pack his things alone, but he will join you afterwards."

The man showed way to the dining hall and pulled out a chair at one of the ends of the table.

"Do you want any wine with the eggs, Sir?"

The General nodded as the man poured.

"If I may ask, how was the road down here, Sir?"

"There were..." 

The General paused, closed his eyes.

"..issues. While on the ship we met a storm, large portions of the crew passed while it fought on, when we finally crossed we had a easy road. However, there were problems with some of my men. Such gullible people, they even thought that a moonless night meant trouble for us." 

The General paused to laugh, and toasted to the man. 

"On the way we actually went through a village. The tavern was nice, cant remember the name though. The people there were scared of us, that's what war does to you, but your Lord wont face those issues, he'll be coming with us."

"And how did the village treat you, Sir?"

The man sat down at a fitting distance and looked at the General.

"It treated me well, lots of taxes to collect you know. Do you know what happens to those who dont pay taxes, butler? Well, the married lot there looked terrible; rugged and loose. But the little ones...."

The General smiled and closed his eyes, remembering the screams some of them uttered. When he opened his eyes the man was out of sight.

"No more of the wine, butler, it had an awful taste."

The man sat down at the end of the table, folding his hands as he looked over at the General.

"Quite so... it seems like I'll have to travel into town later today. We're out of rat poison, terrible thing these rats."

The man pulled out a ring and put it on his right ring finger, the ring carried the sigil of the house.

"Rats running around, ruining everything in its way. Disgusting creatures they are."

The General tried to move. He fell down to the floor as he tried to rise from his chair, excruciating pain started to grow from his stomach.

"Oh don't move, good sir. It'll spread faster that way."

The Generals eyes widened as the blade came into view.

"You know, I did always consider myself a gentle man, but times are changing, arent they, Sir?"

The General screamed as the blade pierced through his left eye. 

