It looked exactly like me. I couldn't believe it.

I had found the coin near the dumpster behind our playground.

I usually never go there but Jake had hit the ball too hard and I was the nearest who could go there. I hadn't examine the coin closely when I picked it up as my head was too much in the game then.

I was on my bed, ready to sleep, when I remembered the coin and got it out of my jeans' pocket hanging on the wall. I liked the shape of the coin. It was thin and the border was wavy. The coin was silver except for my face. My face was coloured. I had a blue crown on my head. It was really strange. Was I a king in the future? Had someone sent this coin or maybe left it here while time travelling? But why near a dumpster? And the most important thing I realized was that the face on the coin looked exactly my age. I tried to scratch it thinking someone must have sticked my face over it but it didn't peel off.

I didn't understand what to make of it so I kept the coin on my shelf beside the other ones. All my coins were kept in a neatly organized manner based on their country, value and age. This one with my face on it was barely helpful in categorizing itself.

If I was a king in the future, then it's going to happen within a few years because of my age. But why would someone make a 14 year old a king?

This was all very confusing so I just decided to sleep. Didn't take me long. My cat was jumping up and trying to reach for the coin. I was excited about tomorrow's match because I was the team captain and so the coin totally left my mind.

I woke up to a weird smell. I felt tired but still got up and went ahead to dress up. The match was scheduled to be at 11. Some of my friends had planned to reach there at 7 to practice. While I was wearing my pants I accidently stepped on my cat's paw and quickly moved expecting a loud meow and painful scratches but nothing happened. I looked down surprised and witnessed a dead cat with blood oozing out of it's neck.

The coin lay there beside it. I was too afraid to pick it up. The face on the coin had changed. It showed a dead grey mouse.