“Are you ready for your first encounter with humans?” Jaax asked light heartedly.


The individual selected to represent the species, for good or bad, is required to make first contact if the species is accepted into the Union. This serves to ensure quality control. If a species doesn't belong in the organization then you had better make sure and do your homework.


“You're joking, right?” Satk is chuckling, sounds coming out of all 3 mouths. He knows it's a joke.


“I'm serious. I think they have a shot. I mean, they just colonized Mars. That's impressive for a class IV species. They haven't even figured out light speed and they're already spreading past their own home planet.” Jaax has a stern look on his face making Satk’s stomachs start to turn. Could it be?


“Stop messing with me. I've done my homework, Jaax. It's not possible.” Satk takes a deep breath and starts flipping through his discovery notes.


“That's what Drea said about the Tihinis. And they were a class V. And, well, I'm sure you remember what happened to him.” Drea's first contact was far from good. Shot down during entry into the planet's atmosphere. Drae, now residing on a mantle somewhere, marks the 7th fatality since the Galactic Union Apprenticeship Program began.


Flipping vigorously through his notes, Satk starts to sweat and breathe heavily. A heavily mucussed voice sounds over the intercom causing Satk to jump and nearly drop his docket.


“Case number three-seven-five-point-two-alpha! Please proceed to courtroom seven-eight-one immediately!”


Satk stands up slowly, realizing his dizziness. He clasps onto the docket with a sweat drenched hand. All four fingers are barely enough to keep it from dropping to the ground. His legs are shaking as his nervous system releases anti-anxiety chemicals to calm him down. It is only a short walk to the courtroom door where a burly creature awaits his arrival, electric baton in hand. Screenings are necessary since the last incident. The student didn't like the court's decision. The judge and recorder were the only two that didn't make it out alive.


“ID badge.”


“What?” Satk jumps at the statement.


“Give. Me. Your. ID. Badge.” This guard is known for being unpleasant.


Satk slides his courtroom training badge across the table.


“Case number, Mr. Sack.”


“It's Satk.” The guard puts a single tentacle to his forehead and takes a deep exaggerated breath. “Case number three. Seven. Um..” Satk begins to open the docket when a large tentacle reaches out and snatches it from his hand.


“Do you have any weapons, mechanical or bio-organic?”


“Yes. Um, no. I mean yes, I do not have any weapons.”


The guards only eye stares at Satk, his brow lowered. “Step in the scanner, please.”


Satk did as he was asked. It's a new scanner. Or at least it was. The last student that came through here forgot she had a scalpel from a science course earlier that day. Here eyes went wide when the alarms sounded. She started to scream something, but it was too late. The guard wasn't taking any chances this time. He turned her into a loosely piled heap of ashes with a single shot.


A horizontal red beam scanned him starting at the bottom, working towards the top, and then back to the ground. A single beep and a green light told Satk he wouldn't be vaporized today. As he stepped out of the scanner and towards the door the guard yelled at him.


“Forgetting something?”


Satk stood in thought, patting his outer garments to check when the guard held the docket out in front of him.


“Oh, thank you!” Satk exclaimed.


The guard, now grinning, looks a bit more friendly.


“Want to know the good news?” The guard asks.


Satk stares at him blankly.


“After today, I'll probably never have to see you again.”


A chill runs down Satk's body as he grabs the docket and enters the courtroom.


Satk barely has time to reach his chair when another guard starts to speak.


“Case Number three-seven-five-point-two-alpha. Humans of planet Earth: Denial into the Union. The Honorable Grak presiding.”


“Please be seated. Who will be presenting this case?” The judge asked emotionless.


A guard hands the judge a copy of the discovery recovery report generated by Satk.


“Mr. Sack. Good morning.”


“It's actually pronounced Satk.”


“Mr. Sack, are you prepared to present your case..” Judge Grak looked at the report in front of him “..against the Humans of planet Earth entering the Union?”


“Yes, your honor.” The room dimmed and a large screen lit up with the discovery report displayed. “Your honor, in my report you will see a brief history of Humans on Earth, technological discoveries, what they have done with them, and statistics on crime and violence. Lastly I will show you and the members of the court visual displays that I believe prove my standing against the Humans of Earth being entered into the Union.”


The confidence radiated from Satk. He spoke strongly and without stuttering. He rattled off history lessons and statistics. Wars and why they were waged. The number of fatalities across the globe as a result of negligence or violence. The numbers were the most astonishing. Millions of humans killed, murdered, in war. But finally, the moment of truth had arrived. The moment that Satk believes will hammer the final nail in the coffin.


“Your honor, the videos I am about to show you depict the extremely violent and nonsensical nature of the Humans of Earth.” Satk hit play and took his seat.


Almost immediately the murmurings started. Gasps accompanied by comments like “Is he serious?”, “He's joking, right?”, and “We're looking at a deadman.” filled the courtroom. Satk is too consumed with his own presentation that he doesn't notice that even the judge's eyes have opened nearly as much as his jaw.


“Your honor, here you can see a strange ritual. A Human sneaks up behind others and shaves a portion of the victims hair. They let weapons such as pellet claymores hit them in the chest.” Satk is starting to smile as he knows he is nailing the presentation and has absolutely convinced the court of his position. But he wants to sell it further.


“Here is the most appalling portion of the video, your honor. A man has a piece of metal shaped into a crude shape of the Human male reproductive organ that has been heated with fire. He proceeds to press it against another man's buttocks and laughs maniacally as it burns the image into his skin!”


“Turn it off.” The judge demands.


The video turns off and the lights begin to turn back on.


“Mr. Sack. This is quite shocking.”


Satk sat back in his chair thinking “I nailed it”. The judge has no idea I prepared everything last night.


“Mr. Sack. Are you familiar with Johnny Knoxville?” The judge is leaning back against the wall behind him. He does not seem disturbed nor amused by my confidence. “By your blank stare I'm going to assume that you are not.”


“Should I know him? The name doesn't sound familiar.”


“Mr. Satk, you just showed us clips of a comedy show called Jackass. It is meant to be satirical humor that is not serious.”


“Wait, what?” Satk stood up from his chair. “Fuck my life..”


“Mr. Sack, I regret to inform you that your request to “deny the Humans of Earth entry into the Union” has been denied. This is a result of your poor researching skills and your inability to clearly represent a case against a species that should very obviously not be in the Union. In order to increase your knowledge of this species you are hereby ordered to embark on a one person mission to greet and invite the Humans of Earth to the Union. Additionally, you will forfeit all study materials obtained from the Galactic Union under the apprenticeship program so they may be repurposed. Your ship will leave 2 days from today. Do you have any questions?”


Satk stared at the judge for what seemed like an eternity before he finally answered. “I'm going to die, aren't I?”


Judge Grak promptly shrugged his shoulders and said “Probably.” He grabbed his gavel and slammed it hard on the podium and shouted “Next case!”