"It's the only car you'll ever need", the salesman said.

I'd ignored him when he said this. Actually, I'd ignored him most of the time. Car salesmen were salesmen and as trustworthy as a wife with a credit card as far as I was concerned. How was I to know he was telling the truth? I mean what are the chances?

I bought the car because it was what I wanted. A small, cheap town car. Since I lived and worked in the same small town anything bigger was a waste of money. Small car, small engine, low road tax charge (nice) and easy to park (even nicer).
Actually, that's not quite the whole story. It was a small car on the day I bought it. But since then things have changed. Several times. Let me explain.

The first inkling I got that it was not a normal car was when I got caught in a sudden snowstorm on my way back home from meeting a friend about twenty miles away. The weather closed in quickly. I slowed and saw other cars struggling to gain traction as the road conditions got steadily worse. But I had no problems controlling the car. It handled like a dream and I got home without incident. It was only when I got out that I saw the snow tires. The ones that weren't on it when I'd left home!

But it gets weirder, much weirder. A few months later and summer arrived suddenly. I go outside and find I have a convertible! A few days later I go to the beach. In my Dune buggy! Time (and a 10k character limit) prevents me from telling you what went through my head. In the end, I just accepted my good fortune.

Until today. Today I am wondering whether I'm dreaming or whether those mushrooms I fried with my egg for breakfast were really chestnut or something a little more exotic. Because sitting outside my house is a tank. A British Army Challenger 2 main battle tank. I know this because I'm told by David, next door's ten year old. 

"62,500kg, 12,000BHP, 120mm main gun, 7.62mm coax chain gun and 7.62mm turret mounted GPMG", he rattles off casually.

"And how do you know all this", I ask.

"I've got one", he replies

"Really?" I ask somewhat disbelievingly.

"In World of Tanks on Xbox", he replies.

"Ah!", I say.

"Can I be gunner?", he asks.

"Ask your mother", I reply.

I'd been planning a trip to the local DIY superstore, which meant driving through a rough neighbourhood. But not that rough! What else could it be? Trump's not president just yet, so WWIII can't have started.
Finally, reality hits me. I have got a vehicle which will take me just about anywhere safely through whatever lays in wait for me out there. But it is useless,  completely useless. I'll never reach my destination. There's no number plate. I'm bound to get pulled over. And when they find it is taxed as a 1300cc town car and that I don't have an HGV license, I'm totally screwed. Unless?

"Hey David, how good a gunner are you in World of Tanks?"
