"It's sorta a weird story how I got to be where I am now." I lean back into my throne, letting all my muscles relax and showed my pearly whites to the main camera recording me live. "Ya see, I was after my beloved, who at the time was simply the daughter of a necromancer."

At this, my beloved rolls her eyes and slaps me on the shoulder across the other throne right next to mine. "Oh stop playing around, Noel. I wasn't simply a necromancer's daughter. I was, _the_ daughter."

"Right, right. My lovely wife was actually pretty well known for a not so great thing. Torturing animals. Now hold on folks, you may think that sounds bad but it wasn't really. She was helping them. They were already dead ya see, so she just gave them a second life. Like I've done to a lot of you who are with us now." I grin as I brought my index finger up and pointed it to a certain someone. "Natalie! Would you still have been able to support your child hadn't we brought your back? Would your child have been able to reach where he is now, the best alchemist we have since Nicholas, without our benevolent act of giving you a second chance to live through what some deem as torture but what it really is a rebirth?" 

Natalie beams and nods eagerly towards me. 

"You're getting a bit derailed dear." I feel my beloved pat my shoulder and I straightened up, coughing. 

I turned around and gave her a sheepish smile. "Right, right. This wasn't about the controversial opinion of the monitor. It's about how I got here and in turn, how many of you have managed to reach a place many had thought nonexistent." 

I stood up from my chair and sat next to a child. "Dear, tell me. If you had a crush on someone and thought you were in love, what would you have done?" 

"Um." The girl in a ponytail who seemed to be aged ten, shrugged. "I dunno, maybe leave a confession note?" 

I laughed. "That's adorable! Well, in my case I was a whee bit passionate."

"Sort of an understatement, my love." My beloved walks towards me and sits besides me and the girl. "You were very insistent. My dad tried everything to deter you."

"Oh, I know." I say with utmost pride and wink at another camera. "Her dad was no pushover! I literally climbed over mountains and collected exotic hearts for him to use in his rituals and spells! Hell, with the amount of tasks he assigned me for every date I went with my Queen, I was practically as knowledgeable as he was." 

"And with that power, he gave me what my father wanted me to have." She places her head onto my shoulder and I smirk, wrapping my arms around her shoulders. 

"The world," I whisper into the mic attached to my collar and kissed my beloved's cheek. "In our vision."

With that, we stood up and bowed towards the skeleton placed in the centre of the ballroom. 

"In honor of my father," My Queen chuckles. "We've ironically, made it so he was dead."

"Our vision, to finally rid of him and well, make the place a better place really. So I ended up taking his place, but less death and destruction will happen under me as your new Dark Lord as you've seen!" 

With that a roar of applause and cheers occurred. "And well, that's it really! Okay I'm done holding everyone up with our hundred year anniversary speech! Enjoy the food!"

The crowd slowly eased out of the ballroom and into the main hallway and other entertainment rooms in the palace for the buffet and general activities. 

"Was I too dramatic?" 

"You did fine! Let's meet our guests."

"But Medusa! You hadn't given me my- oh, okay that works too." 


~ Fin ~


