Almost all the others had already left the kingdom, been arrested, or been killed. Ever since the Catholic Church rose to power here in France we've been treated like common street thugs, if you're lucky that is. We who practice magics that are more "malevolent" or who try to escape are hunted like wild animals. Of course there have been some that have made it through, even some who have prospered in this time. Before the magic hating fools overtook our home we were happy to keep ourselves a happy little secret, occasionally helping with others.

How do I know what it was like before? Easiest way to explain it is having control of death makes it quite easy to avoid it. I've been hung, beheaded, and burned at least six different times each. Each time coming back with a different name and story. This time I've come back as a gardener. Having a green thumb isn't exactly something that came easily, but I learned to manage. 

My garden's not too big, which is why I was surprised to find what I did. A slight rumbling echoed beneath me. Far too powerful a shaking to be any kind of average humanoid. This was something big, perhaps dangerous. A spindle of wood rose from the ground, piercing the soil it had come out of. Situations like these could be risky to say the least. Luckily enough treant culture rewards honor, to the point of life debts, sturdy and respectable like the best quality wood. If this wasn't worthy of some kind of debt, what would be?

Years had passed since I saw such a magical display itself. "Maybe" I thought "maybe I can make this work." It took some trouble to usher the creature in my home for hiding "are there any more of your people?" The bark covered face nodded towards me.

So here I sit in a remote forest of France, it always was a beautiful place. Thousands of humble, obedient, and most of all powerful servants await me. Only one thought can come to my head with such power right in front of me. I turn to vocalize my question to my one bark covered friend "Do you think that Napoleon fellow needs help 'protecting liberty'?"