The say hair color maketh the hero. Your everyday Jack with dull brown hair isn't good for much more than farming. The town and city lords, however, with their inexplicable charisma and strength, they tended to bear a fine grey or silver. The monks and the mystics, who seldom travelled the more populated areas, they were known for black—sometimes even tinged with purple. Then there was Roy. Roy the great, Roy the valiant, Roy the brown-but-with-a-few-ginger haired hero. Those ginger hairs meant something.

Roy seemed to have a knack for everything. Young Timmy stuck down a well? Roy can get him out. Ol' man Stubb trying to start fights at the local tavern? Roy can duck a swing or two, all the while calming the man down with a few choice words. Even when Sylia—that strange girl with nothing but bright pink hair—came into town, Roy was courageous enough to befriend the poor thing when no one else wanted to get near.

"Roy," Sylia asked one day, "what drives you? What gives you strength to carry on, when all seems lost?"

"I'm not really sure, Syl" Roy replied nonchalantly. "I think I just do what needs to be done, with the help of a good breakfast and these few ginger hairs on my head. Why's that? What drives you?"

Sylia trembled a little. "I lost my parents, my family, my village, to a terrible, terrible evil. A wicked man with pure white hair. I wandered for days until I came to this village. I can't sleep, I can't eat, I can't truly rest until I see vengeance. I'm seeking places of power where I can gather a band of fighters, for I fear I can't do it alone. The odds are against me, there will be a lot of difficulties along the way. Who knows if I have the strength to go all the way?"

Roy whistled. "That sounds like a rough one. Tell you what, after I fix Mrs. Wilson's rodent problem, I can deal with your evil-wizard-murder-man."

Sylia blinked in surprise. "This man could cast fire from his hands. He made shadows rise up and choke the townspeople. I sent wolves after him, I caused trees to fall on him, and he laughed! Even I couldn't do anything. I—"

"Yea, yea," Roy interrupted, "I told you I'll sort it, ok? But not after Mrs. Wilson's rodents. You can't go about pretending your problems are worth more than someone else's. It'd be a poor village if everyone thought like *that*."

And with that he strolled on over to Mrs. Wilson's cottage. Something had been eating half the corn, a few cabbages, but strangely none of the tomatoes. Roy stroked his few ginger whiskers. "Hmmm" he muttered to himself, "I've got a plan for that."

And that was the way things were. Roy thought a bit more, and instead of making a certain trap or poison, he simply went to a good sized bush and tucked himself among the leaves, waiting for nightfall. Sylia had thrown some kind of tantrum, and ran off shouting something about saving the world. Roy was a little concerned, she did seem distressed. But you can't rush things, no. If he went off on some silly wizard adventure he would be missing what was unfolding before his eyes. The Hempton boys, once it was dark enough, had snuck into the farm and were quietly helping themselves to a number of crops. Not tomatoes, though, they aren't fond of tomatoes. The clever sods often took only half a cabbage, or scraped out half a corn cob, to make it look like the work of animals. Roy smiled to himself, waited until they were walking past his bush, then with his most thunderous voice jumped out and told them exactly what happens to boys who commit thievery in his village. The boys indeed, once they had gotten over their fright, promised sincerely never to do anything of the sort again.

The next morning, after a sound sleep and a hearty breakfast, Roy the brave, Roy the courageous, Roy the brown-with-a-few-ginger haired hero decided that it was time to help that girl with the pink hair... Sylia, that's the name. She was no where to be found. Poor thing, Roy thought, she'd probably gone off fighting dragons and the like. He shouldered his backpack and set off to the nearest city, where he could ask about the location of a mean old man with pure white hair. The morning sun warm on his back, the wind calm and friendly, Roy walked on to new adventures, hoping to be back soon to teach Mrs. Leery's boys the fiddle.