Our chronicles record the sentinels we have been leaving in our wake to prevent the darkness from overtaking our people.  We have been moving toward the sun god every few generations, so that our approach reminds her of our existence and that she may rise higher in the sky to cast her life-giving rays upon us, her people.  But she forgets about us when we stop moving, and starts to sink.  Nevertheless, we cannot be in a constant state of movement, so the ancients have bequeathed to us the Reckoning Stone, which tells us when to move and when to stop.  It is a stone pillar, about the size of a man's forearm, set in the center of a circular base plate on which is etched to concentric rings.  The Stone's shadow lengthens over time and when it reaches the outer Ring of Mercy, we begin another migration. The sun god rises again with our movement and the shadow of the Reckoning Stone shortens.  We stop the migration when the shadow shortens to the inner Ring of Death on the base plate.  If we go further, the sun god will be displeased, rise even higher over us and incinerate us.  So the ancients have said, and so we have obeyed  The sun god likes her people but wants us to keep a respectuf distance.  She is a coy woman indeed.

In this manner we have journeyed over time, leaving sentinels behind every time we moved.  But in our most recent migration, we encountered a scene which has been the cause of much controversy for over a generation.  There in our path is arrayed a row of sentinels, much like those we have been leaving behind to keep the darkness at bay.  Tall stone sentries with arms raised in front with palms facing outward.  And at the feet of the statues lay the ruins of another people.  It took a generation to translate the writings these people left behind.  Apparently they had been moving *away* from the sun god, but stopped when they encountered these stone gods, with palms raised in a command to halt.  They rejoiced that they had reached the promised land, but the sun god did not stop her ascent behind them.  Even as the heat swept over them, they dared not disobey the clear command of the gods to stop.  In the end, they accepted that their destiny was death.

Their turmoil has become ours.  The shadow on the Reckoning Stone has not yet lengthened enough to touch the Ring of Mercy.  When it does, do we begin another migration, according to the custom, and pass beyond the statues which the other people thought are gods commanding them to stop?  Some say the statues are not gods but sentinels, and that this is obvious because they look just like *our* sentinels, and that when it is time, we should simply move on, according to the custom.  But others say, what if the sun god *took* our own sentinels from behind us and placed them before us as a signal to stop?  Maybe the other people were right in interpreting the statues as a command to stop.  Maybe our destiny really is death.  But then others respond,  if our destiny is death, what do we lose by trying to move forward?  But nobody wants to be the first to try.  Even if our destiny is death, why hasten it by incurring the wrath of the sun god *now*?  And the arguments go on and on.  Some think the other people were punished for turning their backs to the sun god, and even if the statues were a command to stop, it was not meant for us.  Whatever the truth is, the high priest thinks that, based on where the shadow on the Reckoning Stone is right now, another generation and a half will pass before the shadow reaches the Ring of Mercy.  At that time we will be forced to decide on a course of action.

Some of the younger ones think that the world is a spinning wheel that sits on another spinning wheel with the sun god at its center.  According to their imagination, our people have been traversing around this wheel through the ages and we have made one circuit since the erection of the first sentinels, the ones we see now before us.  What drivel!  If that were true, why do we not see large wheel spokes extending from the sun god to our world?  Why do not the sentinels fall off the wheel as it spins around.  Indeed, why not all the sands and waters of the earth? The only things spinning are their heads.  Useless miscreants.  I must have a talk with them about excessive drink.