I think Marla has been sneaking visits to the sentient cephalopod's tank again. Ever since that movie came out, she's getting a little smug and a lot careless about the whole thing. Of course nobody's gonna reprimand her, that could anger the sentient cephalopod and then what will we do if he decides to travel back in time further and eliminate our ancestors during some population bottle neck event? So good luck to them both, I guess, best wishes, don't invite me to the baby shower, or baby tub or whatever it may require.  
Of course my sexist bias is showing, I mean I do still pay visits to the Green Woman every now and then. Sure, we all say it's not sex, how could it be sex when you're just kneeling there, five meters from the altar, being bathed in the emerald light of the floating body of the Green Woman... and her great big breasts, tiny waist, and an ass that will just not quit, as far as we know, until the Gates of Akasha are open again and the Infovore comes to claim us all? I think I should visit her soon, I've been thinking way too much about Marla and the sentient cephalopod, gods I need to get laid.  
It wouldn't be so bad if romantic interaction between colleagues wasn't so absolutely forbidden. We spent almost our entire lives here, but we're supposed to leave all our human needs back home, home usually being a generically furnished and apartment, full of unpacked boxes which have been like that for years. All right, I don't really know how usual that is, since I've never been to a coworker's home!  
Breathe, calm down, the pay is good and you get to know things people out there will never know, can never know. If it just wasn't so... mundane and boring 70% of the time. Sure, you get to see the experimental subjects which have been exposed to the Guinea pig transmorphing plague, and that's funny, but then you have to write all the damn reports, and do all the damn math. When I was a kid I thought being part of a mad science research group like my mother would all be about witnessing cool shit, turns out it's mostly about reducing cool shit to math equations and calculating curves.  
I need a break, that's what this is all about. I wonder how long is the waiting list for the portal to that potential future with the golden horse. Since Something defeated the future nazis and that place became utopian -in that it's isolated from all other continua and technically it's "nowhere"-, it turned out to actually be a fun place to visit, urban exploring is huge amongst vacationing researchers over there and the Institute is all too happy having people "vacationing" while technically still doing research.  
To think we used to send children through the portal, blond, aryan-ideal looking children. Of course back then we were bankrolled by certain groups which had earned their place in the American scientific community through Operation Paperclip. Then Something happened, the trust funds for the Institution remained but the certain groups went silent, the nazis on the other side of the portal vanished, and suddenly we could send adults. The first few adults murmured some things about the distant silhouettes of soviet super science machines marching towards the horizon, but that's one of the things we decided it was better to not dwell upon; "we" meaning the Institute, back them I was just a kid holding onto my mother's lab coat, looking at everything with big, contact lens irritated eyes.  
Don't get me wrong, back when it happened we were very curious, we asked the sentient cephalopod of course. But unfortunately, for him human history is a single blurry monolith of things "the monkeys did" in his distant past, way before his kind built underwater palaces, way before his kind ventured on dry land and began excavating evidences of past civilizations, plural, as in there are at least a couple of other sentients to come between us and the sentient cephalopods. And the potential future city with the golden horse? One more of the many artifacts from the deep past, if it existed at all, from the sentient cephalopod's perspective.  
We still don't know how the cephalopod's time machine works, it seems to be part of his body, and it still works perfectly, which is why the Do Not Try to Dissect the Sentient Cephalopod policy exists. He claims to have invented it, to travel the eras of the World, but to have fallen in love with this period. Back when he first arrived and said that, Marla wasn't working here yet, neither was I in fact, so I have to wonder who blushed back then upon hearing that. If I have to be honest I'll confess to suspecting the sentient cephalopod didn't really invent the time machine, and that he may be some perv sex tourist from his time, spending his retirement funds in a time period when to indulge in his debauchery. Yeah, I don't like him very much. I wouldn't expect him to know this week's lotto wining numbers, but I would've liked to get a time traveler with a bit more information besides "oh, I don't know, you monkeys will probably go extinct in around a million years or two, or tomorrow as far as we know" -he always wiggles his tentacles and refers to "we" when talking about knowledge-.  
All right, what do I still have to do today before I turn in, use what little internet access we have and look at some porn which has been deemed free from memetic hazards? Oh, of course, sit in for the A.I.  
The A.I. is actually not that bad, it can hold a pleasant conversation, and either it's rubbish at chess or pretends to be, which is apparently one of the must urgent things to figure out before we deploy it to guard us against the rise of other, less known A.I. Of course the sentient cephalopod has no clue as to how many, much less what kind of A.I. will exist in the world. His kind doesn't need to deal with synthetic sentience, apparently, since they "have enough brain power to deal with any problem", the fucker is unbeatable at chess, of course.  
But when you have to sit in *for* the A.I., while it's not uncomfortable to have your brain be part of the network, it's confusing later because you don't remember anything of what went on while you were a glorified transistor. Everybody would rather not do this, house the A.I. in seventy networked human brains, but then we'd have to house it in actual machinery and, well, let's just say we're happy skulls block out wi-fi, in spite of what your crazy uncle may have read in Facebook.  
Then I better retouch my roots, and maybe pay a quick visit to the tanning beds, the blonde hair is coming back out and while I don't technically have to be disguised anymore the way my mother taught me, back in the bad times of the portal, such deeply ingrained habits are hard to forget. And maybe I should also pay a visit to the Holding Plane, I haven't talked to mom in weeks, she'll be happy to see me, even if I interrupt her calculating her way into another new realm of pure mathematics. Oh, but then she'll begin asking about Marla, and telling me how we were genetically designed for each other, and how I shouldn't let some twelve limbed thing from the deep future win her over, then I'll have to tell her again about how it's hard to compete with a twelve limbed thing from the deep future who lacks a refractory period, and mom will say something like "well, there's that, of course", and she won't even acknowledge how humiliating the whole thing is.  
Gods I need a break.