Part 1 of 2.

The nothingness I saw slowly pushed to the edges as a blurry face appeared before me. My mind was muddled. I rubbed my eyes to get rid of the remaining nothingness. My eyes darted around, looking for something familiar. They failed. Instead, the soft, glowing face of a blonde-haired boy looked down at me, patiently waiting for me to wake up.
“Hello,” he said softly.
“Umm…hello,” I replied not so softly. “What’s going on? Who are you? Where am I?” I didn’t intend to blurt out so many questions. I was fully awake now and had yet to grasp anything that was happening around me.
Unhurriedly, he responded, “Welcome to The Fork” and smiled.
It went silent as my eyebrows slowly furrowed in confusion. “Huh?”
“The Fork between Heaven and Hell. Here it is decided whether you will be permitted to enter the glorious Kingdom of Christ or fall to the eternal fires of Hell.” His kind smile offered an otherworldly juxtaposition to his message.
I began to look around more, and the boy stood patiently. Damn, there was a lot of white. It seemed everything in this world floated on a sea of white emptiness. The floor we stood upon was an off-white color, laced with dancing gold veins. To the right of the boy, the gold veins slowly overtook the ivory floor and formed a twisting, arching bridge that disappeared into white emptiness. I assumed that was heaven for, to the left of the boy, the gold veins were slowly absorbed by the ivory floor, and the ivory slowly darkened until it formed an inky black staircase that drooped out of sight. Hell, I noted.
“So…how do you decide where I go?” I was very calm. I don’t think the seriousness of the situation had set in yet. The boy cocked his head and looked at me in great concern.
“Your life on earth and your actions here determine your fate. But first, I must show you your two fates.”
“Why?”
“Ah. Well, if you enter heaven, it will be that much sweeter for you will understand the pain you have avoided. However, if you are sent to Hell, your suffering will be greater for you will understand the eternity you can never have.” He paused for a moment, then said, “Let us go.” He turned and walked toward dripping black bridge, and I followed.


The bright yellow light soon turned into a dark, jagged red. Everything had shadows and an unexplained fear kept travelers from looking at much more than their feet as they descended into Hell. This fear caused one’s surroundings to change more quickly, more unexpectedly, and soon, we reached the last step and were greeted by a middle-aged man sitting at a cold, steel desk.
“Welcome. In-processing?” His voice was flat and emotionless.
“Maybe,” the boy replied, “Hasn’t been decided yet.”
“Ah. Ok.” He seemed disappointed as he turned to me. “There are seven levels of suffering here. Seven is the most; one is the least. For this, you can leave any level whenever you want. What level do you want?” His voice was dead until that final question. For this, I saw a corner of his mouth turn upward as a challenge to me. How much can he take? he wondered.
“Sev…”
“One will be fine. Thank you,” the boy interrupted. I looked at him, and he returned my glare. Trust me. You don’t know what you’re getting into. I acquiesced and watched the middle-aged man frown, mumble something into his archaic cell phone, and sit back down at his steel desk, unconcerned with us. The boy promptly walked past them, and I followed.
Distance seemed irrelevant here. I felt as though we had barely walked a hundred meters before the man at the steel desk were out of sight and, before us, stood a large, oak door. The door towered over us, but no walls extended from its edges. I wondered if we could walk around it, but that unexplained fear would only allow us to continue if we walked through the door.
“Go ahead,” the boy said. I obeyed, more out of habit than want. The oak doors creaked heavily as I pushed them open and walked through them. The door faded away along with the boy. I was alone.

I was in a dark, but rather large room. In the middle of the room, there was a table, much like the tables surgeons use to operate on the ill. I could hear a thick drip from the corner of the table every few seconds. It was blood, and as I approached the table, I began to see small pools of red splattered across the floor. I began to tremble as I looked around, but it seemed as though the darkness only existed to frame the table that lay before me. I wanted to turn back but knew I could only go forward, so I followed the path before me.
As I drew closer to the table, I saw two feet splayed at different angles. Who was this? The ankles were swollen and purple. I stopped and gathered myself. I began to choke up. Those feet looked familiar. Where had I seen those before? I inched closer in fearful curiosity.
The boy jumped back a foot, startled by the oak doors blasting apart. I stumbled out violently, hands clutching my hair.
“Why?” I yelled, tears rolling down my cheek. “She did nothing wrong! She was so innocent!” I was manic and wild-eyed. The boy simply watched as my anger and yelling crumpled into hopeless sobs. “Why? She did nothing wrong. She was so innocent. Why? She did nothing wrong. She was so innocent.”