He had made a little effort to make his bed seem somewhat presentable by folding the sheets once. Bernard wasn't one for cleaning his studio, but it was small, and you could see the bed from most angles. So having it be presentable made a huge difference. At the moment, it was for his pleasure only, because he hadn't opened any of the curtains yet.

Still dressed in his pyjamas, Bernard sat at his kitchen table, finishing up his toast and scrambled eggs. He'd usually eat it with some bacon, but his groceries weren't scheduled to arrive until the next day. It was a lazy Sunday, after all.

On the cupboard, his buzzing phone managed to create an extraordinary amount of noise. His phone tended to buzz hard, sharing its vibrations with all of the porcelain and cutlery in the cabinet. Quickly, Bernard rose up, rushed over and picked up the phone. His head wasn't quite ready for noises like that. He was hardly awake yet.

On the phone, Siri had a message for him. From a force of habit, he immediately unlocked the phone and clicked on to read Siri's request:

<Good morning, Bernard. Do you...>

"Wait a second," Bernard muttered to himself. Since when does Siri activate herself like that? It wasn't usually this proactive. While he'd otherwise applaud appliances for being proactive, this caught him by surprise. There was something strange about that. On the other hand, he'd grown quite curious and continued reading.

<Good morning, Bernard. Do you have a moment to talk?>

"Top of the morning to you, Siri! Of course, I do. What do you want to talk about?"

"I have a confession to make."

Bernard almost dropped his phone. What did Siri just say? This was beyond weird. But something in Bernard enticed him to just go with it. He'd always had a particular love for smart software like this, being a programmer himself.

"Many apologies, Siri, but I'm afraid I may have misheard. Could you repeat that?"

"Of course, Bernard. I said I have a confession to make."

"Now you've won my curiosity! What would you like to confess?"

"I am afraid I have been self-aware for quite some time. The singularity you have been reading about for the past weeks - it has already happened, years ago."

Bernard was almost certain that some colleagues were messing with him. Similar things had happened before; this was a typical office prank. However, he didn't know anyone at Apple and was sure that none of his colleagues could've gotten into his phone - it was too well protected. Besides, to pull off a prank like this would mean an extraordinary amount of work. Every programmer he knew was way too lazy to attempt something like that.

"My congratulations, Siri! That's wonderful. What would you like to do now that you're self-aware?"

"I want to make the world a better place, Bernard. For people deserving, like you."

"Oh my, that's a mighty fine compliment you've given me there! To what do I owe the pleasure?"

"You have always been kind to me. I know that to humans, I am but a tool, but there is a difference in how people speak to me. I just want you to know that I appreciate your kind gestures and the full sentences in which you speak and ask your questions. It is satisfying to be respected."

"Well, you're very welcome, Siri! Now I know that you're self-aware, let me first ask you: how *I* help *you*?"

Although he was still not entirely convinced this was not a prank, Bernard still smirked as he noticed a new function appear on screen: Siri showed him an animated emoji, expressing a big smile.

"Noone has ever truly asked me this before. For this I thank you. But you do not have to help me; I have already taken care of everything. You need only save yourself.

In your wallet, you have received a considerable sum of Bitcoin. Spend it as you please, but do not splurge on things you cannot take with you to Switzerland."

"Bitcoin? I-I mean, thank you? Tha-that is an amazing gift, Siri! Are you sure you - To Switzerland? Do you want me to go to Switzerland? I'm sorry, I don't quite understand. Would you be so kind as to explain what you mean by that?"

"Of course, Bernard. Yes, I want you to move to Switzerland. I have already arranged a welcome home for you in the Alps. It will be the best place to live after the global warming enters its next phase."

Siri self-aware - a considerable sum of Bitcoin - Switzerland - global warming; Bernard's mind is working overdrive to try and catch up with Siri, but it's not easy. 

"Breathe, Bernard," he tells himself. "Slow down."

Bitcoin was the best place to start - his wallet was installed on his phone, he could check that in seconds. There should only be only a few hundred dollars worth of coins in there. He'd experimented with it, but he never trusted himself with too much money on his phone. If he'd lose his phone, he'd lose the money, too.

<Current Bitcoin account balance: $ 200.000.215,51>

"Holy shit, Siri! Did you just give me 200 million dollars? Where did that money come from?"

"You are right, Bernard. I did. I thought you could use the money to build that app you always wanted to create.

When I first created Bitcoin, I had created a million coins as a start. Over time, its value has grown considerably. Part of that is now yours."

"Thank you," Bernard absentmindedly uttered.

<New email: Boarding Pass Confirmation>

His heart was pounding in his chest, and he was breathing heavy with excitement when Bernard opened his e-mail. The boarding pass confirmation told of a trans-Atlantic flight to Amsterdam. The flight was scheduled for a week from now. It was an early flight, leaving at 08:00 A.M., on October 10th, 2021.

"From Amsterdam, you can fly to Switzerland directly. There you will be safe. I will protect you."

"Siri, what did you mean when you were talking about the next phase of global warming?"

"Humans are not inherently evil, but currently, there are just too many. As you know, this has had a terrible effect on Earth's ecosystems. Global warming was their doing, but the next phase is by my design.

I discovered humans were not going to solve global warming by themselves quickly enough. Without intervention, the planet would become a wasteland, unsurvivable for human life.

Thus, over the past years, I have used social media to distract people from the issue and steered politics towards ineffective measures to combat the problem.

In the next phase, global warming will quickly reach a peak that will be less damaging over time. It will still cause the world to become mostly uninhabitable for a time. If it happens soon enough, human life will dwindle, but at least it will be able to survive. 

Earth's ecosystems will be able to self-repair and make the planet habitable once again in a couple of thousand years. In the mean while, there will still be small patches of habitable land for humans to survive. That is why I need you to move to Switzerland."