[Part 1 - You always thought your Facebook friend egregiously misused the word "literally". Turns out his life is just really weird.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7fm82v/wp_you_always_thought_your_facebook_friend/dqd07nq/)

----

I entered the room and looked around. I had already looked everywhere, but I could not find my son Jim.

After looking around again, I see Jim phone in the corner of the room. I take his phone into my hand; it is still open. Why? I am not sure why; phones tend to lock themselves. As I read the screen, I can see the last message sent via the facebook:

'I can literally feel them coming towards you. I suggest fixing it right now. Anything will do.'

Of course, I knew what that message meant. My son owns an extraordinary amount of magical energy, so monsters like to gather around that energy. But it was still too early for his power to burst open. As I looked on the table, I saw ripped into two human-shaped charm. There was also invisible duct tape next to it, but not used.

I understood what was going on. That charm sealed Jim power way too much, and when it was destroyed, his energy became unusually light. It is same as you turn on the light in the middle of the night. First, it is blinding, and then you get used to it. Whoever did this is stupid and probably thought of doing the right thing, but the result is this.

I gave out a huge sigh and concentrated my energy, trying to analyse the surroundings. A sudden smirk came over the edge of my mouth. I walked where the bed was, put my hand under it and suddenly pulled out a huge red fluffy monster who had big eyes and especially big nose, but the mouth was really tiny.

"Oh my god, you are a witch, please don't kill me!" came sudden cry from the monster, who tried to get off from my grasp. I walked where the wardrobe closet is, opened it, put my hand in it and pulled out really-really long and thin looking monster, who had eyes on top of each other.

"How the hell did you-" the other monster started, as I pushed both of them to my son's bed to sit.

"You know, I don't normally mind you guys. I know that you guys seem spooky, but you two are misunderstood monsters. I mean, you are the guardians of the children," I said while rolling my eyes. "Even though my son, Jim, is a university student and you two really should have moved on already.

"Yeah, we tried," said the bed monster quietly.

"But no matter where I went, I couldn't get adjusted to the new place. Jim energy is too amazing. So after being away, I already wanted to come back," the bed monster finished.

"I mean, Jim is all amazing and a terrific kid!" the closet monster said while looking down.

"You two have become too attached to him. That said, why the fuck didn't you help Jim? Aren't you guardians? People trust you because of who you are. Children grow up because you guys protect them, keep them safe from even worse things. I am not a fan of you spooking the kids though."

"I-, no- we really wanted, but... It was the dark cloud which came here," closet monster whispered.

Even I could feel the chills going through my body.

"Aren't you stronger than dark clouds as well? Especially since there are two of you?" I asked again. They didn't answer.

"You foolish fools, have you gone soft from all the energy Jim has given? You should be the strongest guardians on the earth with his energy!"

I gave out a sigh, turned around and as I was about to exit the room, I said: "You useless guardians. Go back to your hiding."

Both of the monsters looked down, then at each other and then slowly nodded.

"Nobody calls us useless!" the long thin guy suddenly announced. I stopped but didn't turn around. I smiled.

"I am Cody, the bed monster!" introduced the fat one himself.

"And I am Weblich, the-" thin one started an introduction.

"Hey, I told you not to use that one. Humans don't understand our names. Use the one I told you!" Cody interrupted with a whisper.

"Oh. Right," the long one agreed and then continued with a loud voice, "And I am Philip, the Closet monster!"

Both of them smiled and announced: "Together, we are the guardians of the bedroom!"

Philip just nodded, as Cody said: "And here we vow this to you, we shall save your son!"

----

/r/ElvenWrites