I immediately went to the health food store after seeing the cut happen. It occurred over night. It looked just like Gracie's after she fell off her bike. It had been months since I cured Mrs. O'Grady of her anemia and Ol' Man Porter of his gout. Thank God no one in the neighborhood had cancer. Shit, I would be in too deep at that point. 

I filled my cart with beets, turmeric, matcha tea, vitamin B, and anything else Dr. Oz suggested on TV. I could feel my blood congealing in my veins. 

Shit, I cured Horace Johnson of his clogged arteries. God damn it! 

I tossed a heaving pile of garlic cloves into the cart as well, and chucked a bottle of organic Napa Valley Cabernet in for good measure. I could never be too cautious. 

As the cashier rang my items, I fidgeted with my knee. It was already scabbing. That was a good sign, right?

Ten weeks ago I was some sort of Northern California sequoia shaman, and today I'm a scabby-kneed yuppie. What was next, yoga? With the amount of gout I had coming to me, it may not be that bad of an idea. 

My backseat was full of biodegradable plastic bags when the gout hit. My ankle swelled and I could barely move my leg. 

"Fuck," I muttered, grabbing a banana from the backseat. 

I felt my chest start to tighten. It felt like a gaggle of water balloons were riding a go-cart circuit around my heart. I coughed and punched my chest, struggling to swallow the banana.

"Plantains would work better," a voice from the passenger seat said. 

I glanced over to see a large-headed purple man wearing lime green Ray-Bans and drinking from a coconut with an umbrella in it. He had a thick indigo mustache and a Cheshire Cat grin. 

"Who are you?" I gasped. I felt certain I was having a heart attack. The sudden shock of that... being, I guess.... coupled with the gout and the clogged arteries should have done me in. I should have kicked the bucket then and there, but I was still gasping. 

"Doo-Dobber," he replied with an air of superiority. "I gave you the powers to heal." 

"Why?" I asked, choking on my swelling tongue. Shit I forgot about Allen from the down the street getting stung by a bee and not being able to afford an Epi-Pen. 

"I was bored." 

"What happens now?" I said, struggling to breath. I felt like I was in a dream and I couldn't scream no matter how loud I tried. 

"Turmeric tea should do the trick," he said, blinking out of existence. 

