Of age record of David Stils
Recorded: 2/4/2168 
Age: 18

I was born David stils on 2/4/2150. I had a fairly normal childhood.  From 1-10 my parents took care of me as dictated by the empirical association of families. I began school at 3, and made rapid progress to my predicted life path. I was to become a senator in the house of the order of all. At 5 I was given my prework classes. At 6 I started my first commission as secretary to the 5th member of the order of all. I spent the remainder of my preadult years in this position. Upon reaching the age of 10 I was given my first pay check as is standard, and moved into my own living area. After that routine set in, and I found myself working my way to my predicted goal. From age 10 until 17 I continued to rise in rank from secretary to aid, from aid to Senators voice. Today on my 18th birthday I proceeded to the hall for medical research for my official entrance into adulthood. I was scanned for body specs, blood, and fluids were taken for analysis. I am now recording this for the official record as an admittance of my life. That I have done my best as a citizen to fulfil my obligations to the order. I end this log here.


Personal record
David Stils 
Recorded:2/5/2168
Age 18

I was brought into the high chambers today. It was unusual, and not something that happens to many outside of only the highest political figures. I was told to sit. I did. I was asked questions regarding my birth, and my family. I answered. I was asked questions I did not know the answers too. Questions that didn't make sense. I am worried. What if I haven't been a good citizen? Will they come for me tomorrow. I don't want to be reworked. People aren't right afterwards. 


Official record 
High counsel Duragus Adams
Recorded: 2/5/2168

A child has been located that seems to be a product of past scientific attempts at cloning. He bares an identical genetic, and physiological aspects of the high one. He will be taken to the hall of science, and studied. We must know how he survived. He will likely only live for a few more months before well need to terminate the experiment. It's a shame really. So much could be gained from further study into his life before we take him. 


Official record of death
Citizen #: 5890254756284
Given name: David Stils
DOD: 2/6/2168
Age: 18
Cause of death: drug overdose, likely self inflicted. 
Body will be taken to hall of science for study, and disposal. Family was informed via notification system, and his job has been filled. Citizen evaluation
performance: 4/5
Health: 5/5
Loss to official production value: minimal
