It was a warm Tuesday morning, she was searching for the street signs, she had to get to her meeting. She knew that if she was late again she would surely be fired. Her Father would say, yet again "Ella, why can't you just be the good one?". She loved her Father so much but he was always so hard on her, he always expected more of her, and she just wanted him to be proud. Ella was tired of trying to live up to her brothers. They were smart both married and both more than comfortable when it came to money. She couldn't handle another red light. Ella checked the clock for the time, 5 minutes, she had 5 minutes to make it on time. Her mind was racing with the upset she would cause in the family, would she have to move back in with her parents? Would she go back to school? Could she? When she looked back up she noticed something in the near distance, she looked closer. Ella was so late she didn't want to slow her pace, yet this creature's eyes had somewhat of a storm in them. When Ella told this story, that's all she could call it, a storm. Ella jammed on the breaks of her 2003 Cavalier. She Nearly knicked the tip of it's tail, when she got out this creature- and I say creature because no normal animal would have done this- leapt up and spoke to her. 

"Ella," said squirrel "You have sacrificed for me." Ella could see the gratitude in its eyes. "I shall be there for you, Ella. I shall be there for you when you need me most."

With that the squirrel leapt from Ella's sight. 

Ella was late for work that day. She snuck in just after the morning meeting. It was doughnut day and nobody seemed to notice her absence. She had been spared.

Ella went through the next few years of her life not thinking of the squirrel. She didn't notice him outside her window, looking over her. She didn't notice him when she moved across town, while he was making sure to let the other animals know she was a part of their community. She didn't notice she had a guardian squirrel. She didn't know he was watching as she stopped going back for family dinners. Not when she threw out pictures of her childhood, when she met a new boy, when she changed jobs. She didn't think anyone noticed. Ella didn't really think it mattered. She was grown.

3 and a half years later Ella got a call. Her Father was in trouble. He had fought so hard during a battle on his computer game (probably WOW like lesbihonest) a heart attack had ensued. Ella was in shock, she didn't know what to do, her own heart was racing a thousand miles a minute. "My Father," she thought "My Father, the only one to push me, to help me strive to be better, he may be gone." The squirrel heard her thoughts, understood her desperation. The squirrel jumped through the window and grabbed her car keys, he chipped to her, that which she could only translate as "We got this Ella, we got this." he hopped into that same 2003 Cavalier, and they both drove across town. Any time she got distracted the squirrel would chip at her. He would remind her somehow that she needed to be there for her papa. 

Ella and the Squirrel arrived at her Father's 10 minutes later. Ella raced out of the car and to her Father's aid. To her surprise her father was fine. Not a hair on his body seemed out of place. She asked her Father why he would feign an emergency. He explained to Ella that the only thing that kept him going during his years was family. The reason he was so hard on her, why he tried to stay so close to her. Family is the only thing that is constant, it's the only thing that is bound by blood naturally. He explained that she had been drifting, that she had lost sight of such Family, that she had lost her support system, but only in her heart, not in his. The squirrel understood what the most darkest hour was, he knew that family was the brightest thing anyone could bring to a persons life. He watched as Ella phased out lightbulb by lightbulb, until there was one shimmery spark left, which he could see by. 

The Squirrel had vowed to help Ella, in such an hour, and though some may argue, there are more hardships than this, Ella and her Father can agree, there is no ship harder to steer, than that which you steer by yourself.

The End.

