The first thing that comes to mind when I open my eyes for the first time is the absolute mind numbing boredom that comes with getting control of your motor functions. I mean, it's not like I forgot how to walk when I get reborn, it's more like my body cannot work with the commands my immortal mind gives it.

So, that part was extremely sucky. But, in any case, I can never forget how exciting it is to enter a new life, and make another mark on history. It's fun to be reborn and hear people praise your past life. One of the few good things about being reborn.

The bad part of it is when I run into friends from an old life. I instantly feel trapped in my old body and almost call out to them, but I stop myself. After the first time I revealed my power, terrible things happened. But, to save time, I'll just say this. Maybe WW1 was caused because an old friend from a past life learned I was reborn and I was killed by the Austrian who's death started it all.

So, it's best that I give them their time to grieve. Because I always have time for that. My true mother died of cancer shortly after birth, and my father made a demonic contract with, well, a demon. He wanted to be forever bound with his lover, throughout the afterlife and rebirth. And, he needed something to pay the price for, because you can't be reborn without a soul. So, he sacrificed my ability to go into the afterlife to be with my True Mother.

Too bad for them that the deal didn't make them fall in love every time. I've seen them before. They never recognize me. But I do. I can tell because there's a dullness in their eyes that tell the story of a thousand lifetimes. And no matter how they end up, they will always be together, be it in marriage, in crime, in hatred, in death, in whatever. But the feelings will always be mutual.

Anyways, back to the main topic. I've lived countless lives. Some good, some World War instigating. But, I'm tired. And bored. Of everything.

The people all look in act the same, except with a different tone, like an Instagram photo. The places all get worse and worse over time. And the destruction, death, and chaos are so... Enticing to us. For a couple of lifetimes, I ended up doing terrible things, because I thought if I made myself bad enough to go to hell, I would never have to open my eyes for the first time. Again.

It didn't work. So now, I send this to everyone on the planet. If you're wondering how, I like to pick up some skills and work at them for several lifetimes to really become the best. Including hacking, painting, dancing, and surprisingly, killing.

Sorry, I get off track easily. When you've said something once, you've said for eternity, am I right?

In any case, I'm sending this because I've hacked all the weapons of mass destruction in the world. Nukes, missiles, even the Heat ray the Russians were building in space to strike down America. Good for them, doing my job for me.

So, I'm killing all of you. Every single one. Including me. And if you survive, know that when you have a kid, I could be it, and if you let me grow, I'll kill you. And if you just kill all the kids, you'll die out anyways. It's a perfect plan.

Unless I end up reincarnating into another Species, in which case, fuck me, am I right?

So, to finally end this message, humanity is doomed today, so just make this easy on yourselves and end it now. For all my immortality, I am not a patient guy.

-Your Horseman Of The Apocalypse, Chad.