Another day begins. I step outside with dog in tow, as it's time for her first walk of the day. Usually the cat will greet us when we start our walk, chaperoning Molly as she relieves herself in the grass and we walk our path, as we always do. With no sign of her, I flatten my lips and goad Molly to continue her walk. Three houses down, this is the edge of Kitty's territory. The stray our street adopted, that we feed and comfort during cold nights, who playfully pounces Molly whenever the opportunity arises.

It's lonely without her. Wait, a noise--a squeak, just like Kohl or Patches would make--oh no, she's on the hunt again. I do not need to clean more blood off my stoop because she deems us insufficient hunters. 

"C'mon,  Molly, there's a friend to rescue," I say, moving into a jog as I head towards the sound. Turning the corner, I spy her, toying with what I'm sure has to be a mouse. With a gesture, I shoo her away, and she gives me that look of disdain that cats do so well, as if to say, "You should be so lucky as to have *me* hunting for *you.*" A few splashes of blood, and a small, brown form shivers on the cold cement. "Poor thing, she's really done you good." I lean down to retrieve the poor dear, and Molly sniffs it curiously. "No Molly, this is a friend."

I pause a moment, recalling Kohl's bites and how terribly they make me swell. It looks... Well, it certainly is too out to bite, so I wrap a hand around it, expecting the soft fur to tickle my palm. Instead, the smoothness of leather is felt, and upon inspection, this mouse is... lightly armored, in leathers dyed to perfectly match its agouti coat. If I hadn't touched it, I would have never known it was there. Cradling the weak waif, I use my "stern momma" voice and call Molly. "Molly, come. Time to go home. Let's go home." As far as dogs go, she is a poster-puppy for ADHD, and I learned long ago to repeat any command I want her to follow in earnest. 

We rushed home, and I settled into the bathroom to inspect this odd .. creature. It was definitely a local field mouse, and had more than just armor. A garnish sword for hors d'oeuvres, bright yellow, and completely ruined. A claw pendant on a fine thread about its neck. Dyed armor with countless punctures and scratches. I slowly worked the limp and frail form out of its gear, and sought to cleanse its wounds. Styptic pencil in one hand, hydrogen peroxide in another. I've dealt with rodent wounds before, like with Kohl and Patches fought, leaving Kohl nursing an abdominal puncture for a week, but cat saliva is tricky. For small animals, it has a toxic tendency, and I hoped she'd kept her mouth well off the noble warrior. I provided what care I could, ensured it was breathing, then set him in the cardboard box used during rodent playtimes. He'll keep there well enough until I can set up the quarantine cage. If he has something, he's not going to spread it to my pets--and they're going to give him his space. 

Cage ready, with a bandaid box to hide in and some generic lab blocks, I settle the little oddity into its new home, and return to redditing. I keep an eye out on the cage, waiting for activity, or any response. Next page, let's see what we've got--wait. The telltale sound of bruxing reached my ears, its sound only audible due to the echo in the bandaid box. Good, he feels safe.

I pop a single-serve peanut butter from Denny's into the cage for extra protein. "Here you go, little guy." I flop back onto my bed, and could swear I heard the faint whisper of a "thank you," but chalk it up to staying cooped inside too much. Mice don't talk, or Kohl wouldn't be such an asshole. Okay, maybe he would. Molly settles into my lap, and I start streaming random Youtube videos from my subscriptions. I turn on auto-play, snuggle up, and nap.

*Kah-ree, kah-ree kah-ree kah-ree,* the sound of rodent teeth on cage bars stirs me awake, and I roll over to see the field mouse is alert and active. "Really? It's bad enough my rats do that," at the mention of rats, he stops. "Right, you're wild. You're afraid of them, because you fill the same niche in the food chain." It bobs its head, causing me to pause. "Wait. You reacted to the *word* rat, not the smell of one, and they're in the living room--do you," I paused, incredulous, "Do you understand me?" Another nod.

What. The. Fuck.I approach the cage slowly, "Can you talk?" its only response is to stare, quite intently, at the cage bedding, like a penitent child told they're too young, too small, too--insert adjective here. "Okay, but you can understand." He perks up and nods again. "Alright then, at least I'm not crazy enough to have *talking* hallucinations of warrior mice."

The only response he gives is that of a quizzical head tilt, an ear flicking inadvertently as he returns my intent stare. "Well, I had jack-all-else to do today, so why not. Maybe it's from something I ate." Its head tilts in the other direction. "Just... just eat your food. And let me grab some snacks." I bring him a timothy block and a handful of dried fruits. "When you're done, if you'd like, I can introduce you to my mice. They're not very nice, though, so I'd prefer to keep a cage wall between you and them--for your own safety." A stern glare, no worse than those my mother has long since mastered throwing my way. "You can think it dumb all you want, but trust me, Kohl is an asshole."

With what I can only figure is a mouse-y shrug, he returned to his food, pausing every so often to drink some water. "Just, uhh," fretting, I found myself immersed in guilt at having to ask what appeared to be a sentient animal, or at the very least a highly-intricate hallucination, my question. "Please promise not to bite or scratch me, I'm allergic, and you will wound me more surely than you did Kitty." 

The small mouse nodded as I reached the word, "wound," then canted its head again in curiosity. "Kitty? We all call her that--she's a neighborhood cat, and it's the only thing she responds to, aside from, 'meow.'" Another nod. I really have to figure out what's got me seeing sentient, armored, battlemice in my neighborhood. /R/trees might very well be interested. A squeak shook me from my reverie, and my attention returned to the mouse.

"So, to meet the others, then. No biting, you promised!" Stretching up on its hind-legs, it flamboyantly put a paw to its chest, bowing low. "I'll hold you to that, just let me get my rat ja--" he tensed again, "Oh, c'mon, it's just a jacket to help avoid scratches and give you something to grip." Jacket now donned, I offered a sleeve to the mouse, and he eagerly scurried up, his broken sword tucked in his belt.

"Okay, into the living room we go." Mouse on shoulder, I wandered through the dinette and on to the cages. "This big one is the rats' cage, where Jim and Dandelion sleep. I won't take you too close, but I promise they're nice, If you don't believe me, just ask," I slowly turned 3/4 to fully face the high-rise where Patches lives, "Patches." 

The wild mouse let out a few soft squeaks, and Patches emerged from his house, his tail bent askew from the lady who had him before me having picked him up by it. Spying this, the warrior mouse froze, and I huffed. "Just.. ask him about it, I swear it wasn't me." Patches squeaked a few times, wandered up to the cage nearest the visitor, gave a few cursory sniffs, and then began to run in his wheel, a mere four inches from the rat's cage. The wild mouse clung to my shoulder, mouth agape. 

"What is it, little one?" I stared intently at him, his state clearly written across his face, mouse or no. He shut his mouth and regained his composure, then tugged lightly on my jacket's shoulder, twice. All our rats knew this command, though some had to learn it from cagemates. I dutifully extended my arm, allowing this foreigner within squeaking and sniffing distance of the rat cage, no more. Dandelion--Dani--peered at the larger-than-pet-mouse, and tried to wedge her nose through the cage. The mouse crept closer, and offered her a paw. She gingerly, tenderly held it for a moment, perhaps mistaking him for a small rat. "See? I told you she's nice."

A moment of sniffing, and Dani retreats into the cardboard box set up as their home, since Jim is too old to get in and out of their igloo easily. A snorting whuffle came from the cage, followed by a shrill voice. "So, you've finally come. Yes, I'm dying. I'm old, and I'm tired, and," a snort and gasp as Jim tries to clear his nose of porphyrin, "The great Rat King is dying."

"...... What. *Since when can you talk?*" I blurt out, staring dumbfounded at the cage where Jim has lived for three years. 

"It was on a neeee--" Jim sneezed, "need to know basis. And you **didn't** need to know. Until you brought *THIS* here!" he wailed, lunging at the cage.

"And I thought you'd find Kohl to be the asshole.... Welp. This is weird."

>Don't know how to do the pretty break lines, but if y'all like this, I can continue it. Or share pics of Molly, Kohl, Dani, Jim, and Patches. Or both. Just feels like I reached a pretty good stopping point, since there's a post limit and I tend to get long-winded. Also on mobile, sorry for the typos. Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it.
