My father would often say that laughter is the greatest medicine. His lax yet affectionate round face, with eyes that would sparkle with honesty, would always comfort those around him. Father made it his duty to have those around him roar with pleasure, and on those rare occasions he did not succeed, he would at the very least be triumphant with bringing a sunny smile to the peoples faces.

Strangers may say that his joyful personality was only mirrored by his benevolent humanitarian ventures, opening up charities focused on entertainment to gift the young who were damned from the cruel and merciless diseases graciously gifted by fate. If destiny does have a sense of humour, it must have an unhealthy appetite to the dark ironies of life.

'Daniel, where are you? Come here son, let's play our favourite game!'

I repied with hesitation clinging to my voice 'Maybe next time daddy, I'm feeling a bit tired today, please?' I pleaded with near complete assurance that father would not take no for an answer. His stubborn temperament would not allow it.

'Nonsense!' he shouted. 'I've brought a companion to play with us, you don't expect me to turn him away now would you?' He said with a fake tone of indignation.

'Alright, I'm coming'

As I entered the spacious living room, I saw a young boy dressed in a white gown. He was maybe about two years younger than me, but definitely two inches taller. He was making noises at my dad, like one of those seals trying to show appreciation for an act. Of course, I soon realised, another one from dad's charity events. 

'You see Daniel, this friend of ours is mute, it's very difficult for him to communicate, but he's a determined one, arent you?' He flicked his nose in a juvenille manner, introducing more muffled laughter from the mute boy.

'Now then Daniel, it's time to play our game!' He shouted with joy, glowing with a contagious smile that you could not help but in with. A smile I've always dreaded.

Father slowly unbuckled his gold tinted belt, more than likely a gift from a grateful, and definitely wealthy, 'friend', raised it high in the air as the artifical interior lighting reflected on the belt, and whipped it accross the mute boy. 

Slash! Slash! Slash!

The boys muffling could be heard, his eyes seemed for scream for mercy, completely caught off guard from this sudden change.

My father roared with laughed, 'Laugh Daniel laugh, why aren't you laughing? Is this not fun?' He screamed in pleasure as he continued to whip the hopeless boy, 'Do I need to teach you how to laugh again, son?' 

'No father, I will laugh father.' That is what I did: I laughed, and I laughed and I laughed. Every single time father brought a new friend, I would follow the same routine, I laughed.

And as time went by, slowly becoming older and acquiring some interesting abilties on the way, I would realise that father was right, laughter is the greatest medicine. 

I begun my own charitable cause, visiting hospitals, running events all focused on entertaining the sick, helpless, innocent children; so that I could cure them, *cure them from this disease called life.*

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Would just like to say this is my first ever writing prompt and I really enjoyed writing this. Sorry for any spelling or grammatical mistakes, hopefully this will improve as I continue to write more!!