"Well," you offer, "This is awkward." You cast a glance to the fruit of your labour.

The Lemon says nothing. You furiously double check your notes for the summoning ritual.

"There's... nothing here about what to do if *this* happens," You swallow nervously, "Because this is obviously *not* supposed to happen."

The Lemon raises an eyebrow. In reality it, of course, has no eyebrows. Nonetheless.

"Right, let me just find the original text," You rummage around in the dusty basement, "Aha! I knew it was around here somewhere."

"Let's see, "ğ”ğ”ˆğ”ğ”’ğ”‘ ğ”–ğ”˜ğ”ğ”ğ”’ğ”‘â„‘ğ”‘ğ”Š â„œâ„‘ğ”—ğ”˜ğ”„ğ”", that's the one," You skim the page for mistakes or inconsistencies, but your efforts are fruitless. So to speak.

Your eye catches something. The Lemon thrums with power.

"Wait," There's an icy pit in the bottom of your stomach, "The character "ğ”", I assumed it was a "D", but it appears at the end of the word "â„œâ„‘ğ”—ğ”˜ğ”„ğ”" as well..."

"So you're saying I didn't perform a Demon Summoning Ritual, I performed a Lemon Summoning Ritual?!"

The Lemon was characteristically silent. You give a sour groan and bury your head in your hands. The cost of the materials alone was exorbitant! You had figured that you would make a contract and be off conquering the world by now, which would certainly have been a nice return on your investment. You open your mouth, not wanting to hear the words about to be said.

"Well, when life gives you lemons..."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

You stand in your rather dusty kitchen. A wizard has no time for culinary endeavours, even if cooking is functionally indistinguishable from magic. Still, you had procured some sugar, and checked that the water taps still functioned. You brandish the knife over the Lemon, trapped as it was against your pristine chopping board. It's at this point that you start to have your doubts about dismembering an obviously magical artefact, but you've come too far to care. You position your knife in the centre of the lemon, reconsider, and move the knife to about an inch from one end.

The Lemon yields wordlessly as you bring down the knife.

After careful consideration, you pick up the smaller half of the now-bisected Lemon. A fork pierces the soft inner flesh of the mystical citrus. You give it a hearty squeeze over a glass, and it produces more juice than expected. You top it up with water from the tap, and add a heaped teaspoon of sugar. You muddle until you lose patience.

You bring the glass to your lips.

Wizards are not a religious group. They invest heavily in the tenets of logic and rationality, and more specifically, how to break or otherwise circumvent those tenets to achieve vast magical power. So to compare this Lemonade to a religious experience was a comparison without a reference point. But the blissful tears, brilliant aura and the fact that you were levitating a foot off of the ground seemed to qualify it. You lick your lips.

"Damn that's good,"

There unfortunately isn't enough Lemon left to spread your Rapture to the masses, you muse as you turn back to the chopping board.

A complete Lemon mocks you in silence. The juiced section of Lemon has vanished, but the remnants of the Lemonade still linger in your glass. An idea comes to you like fruit from the tree.

"I wonder if I can do this with other fruit," You muse, running downstairs to find the book, "Because if I can, then I've got a plan to rule the world. I swear it on the name of the Arch-Wizard San Pellegrino!"