I remember a blizzard. Hunger. Blinding white snow, and the cold. The bone-chilling cold that threatens frostbite, that makes your hands and face feel numb and yet pain.

I was a scientist, I think. We were here to study the Arctic. What exactly I can't remember, but I remember running out of food. Losing communications. Donovan going crazy and attacking us, demanding that we "let him out of here." I remember running away from him, desperate to stay alive and collapsing in the blizzard. I remember praying in the merciless winds, begging to stay alive.

That was months ago. Or has it been years? It's hard to tell. Time doesn't work the same around here. Some days fly by in hours while others drag on for weeks. I was rescued, I think. By the elves. Tiny little people with pointy ears. It's all very hard to remember, almost like it was a lifetime ago.

The one thing I'm sure of is my mission. I get up every morning, drink a cup of coffee, eat a Turkey, hop in my sleigh, kick the reindeers into gear and fly off into the cold night. I deliver presents, you see. To kids around the world. Anybody below the age of 18. Some of them would be asleep, but many would stay up just for me. They would smile so brightly at the sight of me, and even brighter when I show them their presents. The braver ones would even tackle me into a hug. Seeing them like that made me feel warm.

But today? Today was different. My coffee was brown, and gave me a rush I never quite felt before. I hadn't even noticed how muddled my head was before. The coffee seemed to have cleared up a fog that I didn't even notice was there in the first place. Everything became less blurry.

One of the smaller elves burst into the room, shutting the door quickly behind him. He glanced around the room furtively, as if to see if there was anyone else around. When he was satisfied he looked at me, realising that I was staring at him. He scampered up to the long table where I was at, snapping his fingers at me.

"Hello *Santa*," he started, before correcting himself. "I mean, Nicholas, do you know where yo u are right now?"

"The North Pole," I answered. A curious pang of hunger gripped my stomach, and I was filled with an insatiable urge to eat the turkey.

"We need to get you out of here," he said. "This is immoral." I raised the fork and knife, cutting into the delicious turkey. It never smelt so good before.

"NO!" He yelled, kicking aside the entire turkey. It flew across the table and fell with a dull thud. "The food's enchanted," he explained. "You'll be under their spell again if you eat that."

Anger flooded my system. "I'm hungry," I snarled.

"You'll have to bear with it," he said. "The magic is extremely strong." I stood up before I willed my body to, and walked to the turkey. Ripping its leg out with my hands, I brought it to my mouth.

"Stop!" He protested. "You can't eat that!" He was more agile than I expected. With two leaps he kicked the drumstick out of my hands and stuffed a dirty cloth into my mouth. "It's for your own good!"

I gagged at the sudden entrance of the cloth in my airway, collapsing backwards in shock. He snapped his fingers, and a large wooden bat materialized in his hands.

"I'm truly sorry about this," he said.

The last thing I [remember](https://www.reddit.com/r/soIwroteathing/) was the bat colliding with my skull.