"They launched *WHAT* into orbit?!" For a moment, General Vizzan thought the page had lost his mind. They had the humans contained. All orbital defense platforms, and space viable transport had been crippled. Nothing was getting away without surrendering.

The page shifted akwardly on his legs. His wings bristled. "A water tower, sir." He handed him the pad. "They strapped several solid boosters to it to get it into orbit. It was moving too fast for us to track it before it collided with the Besar."

His brother, Delamis, was at the helm of the Besar. He made a prayer to the brood mother that he had survived. "Well what was the damage? Any casualties?"

"We are not sure, sir." he said, "We lost all contact with them after the impact."

The ship rocked beneath them. One large impact followed by a groan and a boom. That was not just a water tower. He had seen what their guns could do to a ship enough times to recognize the sound. "What was that?" he demanded of one of the techs in the bay below them.

A radar tech looked at him wide eyed. "The Besar has fired upon us, as well as fourteen other ships in the fleet. Damage to critical systems was minimal, but there have been reports of casualties in multiple sectors."

"Establish a contact. Now!" The view screen flashed to life, and Vizzan felt his heart stop beating. 

Delamis was on the floor with his own sword, the blade he had commissioned for him, pressed to his throat. The leader of the planetary defense corps held it. "Vizzy!" he said mockingly, "Just the bug I was hoping to talk to." How in the brood mother's name did he manage to get aboard? *No fucking way*

"Johnson! What the hell did you do?"

A broad smile parted his tan skin to reveal white teeth. "Just thought I would take a closer look at the pride of your fleet. And I must say, she is *beautiful*. Could use a few improvements, particularly to the security countermeasures on the port side airlocks though. So many threats out there that could exploit it."

"Release him! Immediately!" He was not going to let them kill his brother.

The blade moved closer to Delamis' throat. He cringed away from it. "Order all forces to leave the system." All the humor had gone from his eyes.

Vizzan's attention turn to his own soldiers. "Order all ships to target the Besar. Cripple all key systems, but leave the bridge untouched."

"How many men do you have under your command here, Vizzy? Two maybe three million?" He signaled to someone off frame. "Say you manage to knock us out, without killing your little buddy here, in maybe 45 seconds. How much damage do you think I can do in that time." This man was insane. "I must say the payload on some of these guns... impressive. So how many are you willing to lose for this victory?"

A growl tore out of Vizzan's throat. The kind that meant he knew he had been beaten. "Order all ships to stand down."

Delamis squirmed beneath Johnson's boot. "Brother, don't!" he screamed. "My life is not worth it." But he was not just doing this for his brother, he was doing it for the tens of thousands that would die should they start firing.

"This is not over, Commander." Vizzan said. He would kill him slowly, intimately.

Johnson grinned. "I'm counting on it, now order your ships to jump."