Part three:

Her mouth snapped closed. Who had told her that? Anyone? She wracked her brain, trying to remember, but only came up with half-memories of times as a child when she'd been told that the heavens were full of harps and singing and happiness. Beyond that? Nothing.

Its wings beat ever so slightly faster. "This is Paradise." Its voice now was as flat as anything else in this place, devoid of life and feeling. It felt grey as the mist. She wondered if its earlier emotions had been an act, or if they'd been leeched away by this place. 

She was just about to answer, to deny and accuse it of lying -- it had to be lying -- when she realized something was there in the mist. It was vast, whatever it was, and the scope of it was only getting more massive the closer they got to it. Even the pillars seemed dwarfed in comparison where they stood in a ring around it, shattered sentinels that nonetheless stood watch. The mist wreathed it in disturbed whirls, as if things unseen were slithering through the air around whatever-it-was in frenetic agitation.

"What is that?" she asked, the sound of her heels and her voice so very loud in the empty silence of this place. The thing's footfalls made no sound. She wasn't even sure it was walking at all and not just gliding a hair's breadth above the broken tiles.

It didn't answer for a moment, instead stopping in its tracks and staring up at the object as it rose above them beyond even the height of the pillars. Its bulk was masked by roiling clouds and flowing mist. "This is God," it answered at last.

"God?" she barked a laugh, surprised that the thing had a sense of humor. "It can't be."

"Whyever not?" the thing asked quietly.

"This..." she struggled to find a word for what was before her, then gave up. "...whatever it is, is dead."

It turned to stare at her with its webbed eyes. They seemed to have gotten bigger, the gaping holes of the sockets overfilled with the webbing stretched out into the veins. "God is dead, and here they lie," it murmured patiently. "The Paradise was lost with it and now all is as you see."

"But what does that have to do with me? Why am I here? Why hasn't my soul or whatever I am gone to another place?"

"Is there another?"

"There must be! Otherwise where did all the other people go after this thing died?"

It gave no answer. It only stared.

She swallowed hard and forced herself to ask the question that she was dreading the answer to. "Why did you bring me here? To see this thing?"

"Without God," it said, seeming to ignore her entirely, "humanity has no bearing, no goal. It careens along under its own power, unguided. It goes where it wills." It tilted its head. "Unrest and discord and strife. All rampant."

She bristled. "Yeah, but what about all the good that's happening too, huh? Science? Kindness? Those are getting stronger every day."

The thing continued as if it still hadn't heard her. "Within the power of God is the ability to guide and control. It can force humanity into its right roles, into what it should be. Humanity will bow and worship as it was meant to do." It leveled a steady gaze at her, holes opening in the webbing in a grotesque mockery of pupils. "Others will come. They will take the power of God for themselves. They will guide humanity."

"Why are you telling me this? Why am I here?" she demanded again, ire rising.

"Because if you choose you can become God. You can take its power as your own, and guide humanity as you know it should be. That is why you are here. You are to bring life or stagnation."

She stumbled back, aghast at what the thing was saying. "I'm not God! I don't want to be God!"

It tilted its head further with that horrid cracking noise. "It is your choice. Leave it to others if you feel it right. Wander Paradise until one comes and breathes life back into this place. Then you can worship and sing as you were meant to do, as you choose to do."

"But that's not choosing!"

"It is when that is the only choice."

She jabbed a finger at the thing, snarling, "That's not right and you know it. We deserve choice! To decide our own destiny!"

"Not once God is alive again. Then all will be as it should once more."

"And how are you so sure that anyone will want God to live again?"

"There is always one who wants the power of God. They will come. They will step into place and the power of God will bring about what should be. Humanity will be as it should be." It stared at her, smiled a sweet smile that made her skin crawl, and she again got the feeling of something catching her scent, turning its attentions to her, slow but terrifyingly sure.

Her head lowered mulishly. She knew her ground and she wasn't prepared to give it up for anything. "So if someone becomes God then they can do whatever. If some zealot comes in they can force everyone to be what they want, huh."

It wasn't a question, but the thing answered anyway. "That is so. There must be God somehow, in some way, of some kind. Each God is different but all are God."