" Oh, bother! Not again. Well, wether I want it or not, time for another trip to L-Space..."

Navigating the corridors of the tiwsting maze that is the stacks Paul Terry navigates to his personal entrance to L-Space.

"I should have never taken that oath to always deliver on book requests. This has been the 15th time I'll have to duck down under to get the Necronomicon. Getting a copy for our library to keep is not an option, obviously." 

Paul mutters as he moves faster and faster. Paul love L-Space. A neat way to get to friends in other libraries and a great way to get those book syou actually lack, but need on a moment's notice. He notices a faint swinging figure coming ahead.
"Oook?" 
"Yes, again" Paul answers
"Ooook, ook ook ooOOook" 
"Yes I will be careful, like the last 14 times, bye!"

Paul moves on until it becomes hotter. The air not humid, not dry, but somehow at the right humidity to preserve books, but definitely not good for the human reader. As he feels the oxygen content of the air drop little by little he picks up traces of sulfur he knows he's arrived where his quarry resides and Paul exits L-space. This is the right place: |Asmodeus' Library and currently the only place to host the Necronomicon. Stopping at the 'H' of al'Hazredhe pick up the deceptively small book. It has been bound in leather that strecthes taut but seems to shift its features as well. The eye on the spine always stares ahead but if you were vigilant you could see it move from the corners of your eyes. Truly disturbing book.

"Why the hell would people ever want this." 

Paul Leaves his card per procedure and moves towards L-space again. The way back to his own library is uneventful and arriving a scant few minutes after leaving he returns to the boys, giggling before, but now in awe. 

"One Necronomicon, by Abdul al'Hazred, original in good condition, form the personal library of Asmodeus himself. Due in three weeks, non-standard penalties apply as detailed in the contract signed with the library. 

Don't. Be. Late."