I was getting the little ones all settled for dinner when the ringing of the doorbell split my concentration. A part of me wanted to go see who it was so they'd stop ringing the bell (even if no one but myself could hear it), while a larger part wanted to make sure everyone at the table got dinner now that I had got them all seated.

So part of me went, and part of me stayed.

The part that went opened the front door to a familiar sight. A slimy looking man in a suit, flanked by two stern-faced guards. All three clearly standing on my porch, and yet I could only see them with my eyes. Well, we have ways around that.

"Ah, good, Mr. Wildthorne. My name is Harvey Bleeker, and I have a proposition I think you'll find very interesting." The slimy man smiled a slimy smile, which I matched with a blandly-raised eyebrow.

"Hmm. Well, may you be <~fully~> welcome into our home." I stepped back, even as the note of power from my word thrummed through my form. The man did not seem to notice the shift, as he and his two guards appeared completely to all my senses, but both of the guards flinched, with the woman on the right shooting me a dirty look. I merely kept up the raised eyebrow, leading to her looking away with a huff.

The man strode in like he owned the place, and I could now see the greasy wheels of his mind pumping and churning out ideas for how he could make that a reality. At least this one has the decency to want to try and work through me, rather than around me. Saved me quite a bit of time.

"Now," he said, spinning around, and actually rubbing his hands together, "this is a lovely building you have, but is it really the best environment for your charges? I'm sure you do the best you could, but really, the sheer number of different needs is going to be far too much for one man."

I stifled a snicker at that, by way of having the portion of myself currently overseeing trimming the back lawn bend over laughing. With that out of the way, I decided to skip forward a bit. "So, in your 'Monster Zoo' idea, how do you plan to account for those who are dangerous to view directly?"

He laughed and waved his hand. "Oh, that won't be a..." He trailed off as the question actually processed, setting the dirty wheels of his mind spinning off course. I saw the moment that the lightbulb clicked, as a cruel, twisted smirk slid across his face, looking far more at home than the attempt at a genial grin he'd been wearing before.

"You... read my mind." He chuckled. "That, was a mistake, my friend. A federal felony, in fact. You obviously are a dangerously corruptive influence, and..."

I cut him off before he could build into a full villainous monologue. Summerdew was starting to try to get the vegetables to 'escape' from the other children's plates, and Logann had started to fur up a bit from Cathy and Elaine shouting across him, and I wanted to return this bit of my attention to help handle things. "Yes, yes, I am reading ahead a bit. And I'm sure it would be a terrible thing if we were actually on U.S. soil. But we aren't, are we? Tell me, Harvey, did you actually do any research on me before starting this scheme, and if so, are you aware of the rights afforded to a Class 7 Horthwatson's sufferer, also known as a genius loci?"

His triumphant grin had slid off his face and shattered into a look of stunned horror. He glanced around at the room for a moment, taking in the couches and such of the parlor that we were sitting in. The parlor that we hadn't been in until I translocated all four of us there as I was talking. His gaze flickered towards the door of the room, as if judging if he could make it.

Obligingly, I allowed the door to slide open, revealing the view of my front porch as I linked the doors to the entrance. He almost flipped the couch he was on as he dove over it and hit the path running as he shot through the doorway. He kept going straight down the street opposite my front gate, running pell-mell down the center.

I shook my head as the door closed, before turning to the two guards, or as I knew them, Greg and Sanna. "How do you keep finding men like him?"

Greg laughed, and elbowed Sanna, both of them ignoring the rather rhetorical question. "I told you it wouldn't work."

Sanna just folded her arms sulkily as the visual illusions they no longer needed faded away, revealing the many criss-crossing stitches on Greg's neck and hands, and on Sanna's part, revealing her hair to be floating, slightly transparent before it faded like smoke at the ends.

"Someday, I'll manage to trick you completely." She insisted.

I nodded. "I'm sure. But not today. Now, c'mon, your brothers and sisters would love to say hi, and it will be a distraction from the brewing food fight."

They both laughed at that, and internally, I glowed, savoring the feeling of two of my children being safe within my walls again, however short it may end up being. While my entire goal was to help those suffering from the many forms of Horthwatson's to land on their feet and become successful adults, in my heart, they'd always be my children.

And I, their home.