"What the fuck?!" I shout as a strange man walks through my door. The house, once my mothers, I inherited when she passed, is one I've called home since I was born. "Who the hell are you?" the stranger asks. "Better question is who the hell are are you, and why are you in my house?" I reply. "This is my house, thankyouverymuch" he responds. "I am Mr. Oliver Whitmore and I would like you to leave my house this instant or else I will call the authorities! Where is my wife?!" "Very funny mister," I say as a reach for my gun. I wave to my wife and daughter to go upstairs, and they do so in a hurry. "I am Mr Whitmore and you're trespassing, I know every cop in town being as I am the chief of police, so I would suggest you leave my property..is that...why the fuck do you have a jug of..is that milk?" "Yes it's milk! Are you slow? Where's my wife!? I bringing OUR BABY milk! Like she asked!" he shouts waving the glass jug about. "Listen mister, I don't know who you are, or where your wife is, or why you have a glass jug of milk, but I suggest you leave before things gets ugly.." in that instant, my wife, Caroline, comes between us "please, I'll give you anything you want. Just don't hurt us" she says. "Is that...why do you have my wife's ring?!" He responds angrily. "That's not your wife's ring! Get the fuck out of my house!" I say as a shove him through the doorway. "Olley?" He says desperately as my hand lays on his throat. "What did you just call me?" I say quietly. "Only my mother calls me Olley." "Is your mother named...Charlotte?" "You better you tell me who the fuck you actually are old man before I blow your fucking head off" I say pointing my gun in his face. A face I sort of recognize, but wouldn't dare to admit at this point. "I believe I'm your father..what year is it?"

I never met my father. Well, I did but I don't remember. You see, I was only an infant when he left us, my mother and I. My mother, Charlotte, told me he left one night to get some milk and never returned. It happened to a lot of wives here in Burton, TX that era. Husbands would leave, for one thing or another, and never return to their families. Tired of the boring country life, I assume. 50 some odd years ago, it was hard to track down people, and it was easy for them to disappear on a whim. My mother raised me by herself and never married. Because of that, I never cared to find out why happened to my father. I passed him off as a deadbeat and didn't look back, even thought my mother had nothing bad to say about him. I never forgave him for abandoning us. Never forgave him for not getting to know me, for not raising me, for not giving me a person to call dad. I didn't know who I was more furious at seeing. An intruder, or Oliver, my father, my namesake. 

"2017 asshole, what the fuck do you want?" "We have a lot to talk about then, son" he said as he put the jug down. "Please let me explain. And don't shoot me with that pistol yet"