It happens slowly at first.   
  
In the early days it is nothing more than a sort of an intuition. The Shared would have a sense of how their brethren were feeling, what they would choose.   
  
It spreads through society like a superstition, and then one that gained more ground. People initially become cautious of groups of people with the same name. It starts small. Office politics are amplified when you have three Shared in one workspace. They'd team up, maybe even only unconciously. They seem to start to want the same things. You soon learn to never join a poker game if a couple of the players are Shared.  
  
And over time it grows.  
  
They discover that the stronger you felt, the easier it comes. It starts with the crimes. Murders. Horrific crimes. People with the same name as the killer or the victim just know what had happened. First just to those nearby, and then, after a televised murder enquiry recieves thousands of helpline calls directed at the the same suspect, from thousands of Jakes and Sarahs, people start taking it seriously.  
  
The new phenomenon is rigorously tested, and found to be real. People are sharing knowledge. Whole fields of study spring up overnight. The technical knowledge starts to be shared. Those sharing names with the top researchers begin to quickly overtake the others. The Quentins can no longer hope to compete against the Johns. When you start out knowing years of study, you learn more effectively. The inequality accelerates. The unusually named have to cover minimum wage jobs and manual labour in a matter of weeks as demographics shift. Every research department makes it a point to hire a Mohammed, a John, a Zhang Wei.  
  
If you need a mediator, or a counsellor, it is inevitably an Ashley or an Alex, the groups that had incomparable experience now of the lives of both genders.   
And people need counselling.  
  
Not everything is going smoothly. Whole groups are disenfranchised. They have their shared knowledge of disenfranchisement. As quickly as the knowledge amplifies, so too do the emotions, feeding into themselves like a terrifying feedback loop, screaming into people's souls.   
  
The killers are heard. The Shared know every move they made. They feel the joy as the knives are sunk into the flesh of their victims. Entire names slide into barbarity, one after the other, in quick succession, until entire groups simply walk into the night, looking for prey.   
  
No one survives.   
  
Of course, all this is yet to come. The first intuitions will not happen for another week at least.  
  
I ponder on this as I look down at my birth certificate, and the neatly written name.  
  
God