The grounds were in a fine state on this night. The workers had all left and the children were asleep, tucked away from the day. The only audible sound was the crunch of footsteps. Yet, it was more pleasant than a crunch; her feet were merely padding along, heading out from under the shelter of the porch and instead walking under the snow falling lightly-coveting all. Under the moonlight the knife glistened; she held it loosely, as if it were a toy, even going so far as to toss it around a few times; a slow smile beginning to creep up on her face. She walked on, into the garden, and back at the house, the dog stirred.



Perhaps it was the low hum of the refrigerator that caused him to wake up; he raised his head and took a moment to become acclimated with the surroundings. Almost as soon as he had opened his eyes, he placed his head back on the floor and fell back asleep. The hum of the refrigerator as well as the lights to all of the other appliances also failed at that time, as if someone had cut the wires. It was a dead house.



Along the way she met up with the wind and it gave its approval as she traipsed onwards. Her heart was beating loudly and she could feel a shiver run down her spine. Such is the case in these situations. Her hair fell in an elegantly tangled mess onto her shoulders and though her eyes were usually bright and alive, there were heavy sleepcircles surrounding them from all side, barricading the bright life from escaping. Her mind was racing, the knife was cold and so were her feet.



Down, past the garden, was a patch of grass that no one was aloud near. There were constant guards of conscious on all sides. They stood, silent with hoods over their heads, and voices gravely. Time told everyone to wake up, and all hell broke loose.



At once, the hooded figures backed away; she was coming. She walked with a stride that could kill a sinner with a glance. Her eyes no longer tired but piercing and dancing across the landscape. The tone of her voice, when she finally spoke, was richer than liquid gold. The previously hazy skies of night cleared instantly, and Fear even left an ear open to the words that followed her stopped footsteps.
"What a shame things always have to end like this"



In the dry dark of a December's evening, she cut through the flesh easily, and with little remorse, dragging it back to the house afterwards. It was a long walk; it's been a long year. Halfway through the yard she stumbled for a minute, a hole had been dug to discard whatever was leftover the next morning. Up the steps she walked with a weight on her shoulders, devastating and unforgiving. In the nighttime, there were never tears shed, only memories felt. She slung the life-nomore onto the counter.



The morning smelled like hopelessness, and the sunlight was laughing at her, attaching itself to every room in the house. The weekend was over and the dog was dead. Eating winter-grown watermelon was never worth the hunt anymore.