-BEGIN AUDIO LOG- 

If you’re listening to this, then you either already know this story, or want answers. Both of those situations are unfavorable outcomes, but I suppose I owe an explanation for my actions.

The first century of my life was nothing out of the ordinary, I managed to make it to ninety five years of age before dying surrounded by the tribe I helped lead for half a century. When I closed my eyes for the last time, I expected the calm darkness of the void to greet me and shepherd me into the honored Halls of the Fallen.

The second century was one of confusion and pain, as I was forced into slavery by the very people I held so dear only a few short years ago. I only made it to thirteen in my second life before the taskmaster broke my back as an example to the others. The third life was only one of three years, as the biting cold of an unfamiliar land claimed half of the village. My fourth lasted only a few minutes as I strangled myself with my own umbilical cord in an attempt to break the cycle. When the fifth life began regardless, I managed to survive eighty-four years in a grand city of sand and gold. It was a lonely life, but I soon came to terms with my unending life.

The third century was one of hedonistic pleasures and several short lives. I would wake in the morning, throw myself into whatever activity I so desired or whoever I do wished without so much as a second thought. Death meant nothing,  punishment was useless when a quick bite at the wrist or slash at the neck would mean immediate freedom from imprisonment. My longest life was a mere twenty two years, ended when I was beheaded for seducing and bedding a princess the night before her wedding. Having been a woman a few times before, it was fairly easy to please her in all the right ways. Of course I couldn’t blame the king for his wrath, as if some dashing young rogue had done the same to a daughter of mine, I would demand his life as payment as well.

The fourth, fifth and sixth centuries were ones filled with amassing... Things, I suppose would be the general term. Wealth, knowledge, secrets, anything I could possibly use. Fifty years were spent studying solely cartography, thirty spent learning nothing but languages to prepare for future lives, eighty were used to study sciences,  entire lives were dedicated to mastering a subject until I knew all that was available. Sometimes I would be executed for what was seen at the time as witchcraft, others I would be tortured for supposed heresy. In the end it mattered very little, as I would just continue where I left off in the next life. 

The sixth century was where it all began to pay off, though. With several lives worth of experience I knew how to patch people up better than anyone else. While the other doctors were worried about the “balancing of the humors” I was performing what was at the time miraculous. Dying men are quite desperate to stay alive for some odd reason, and will pay any amount to remain on this mortal coil. Another doctor would simply bleed the patient to cure a headache, whereas I would grind together a concoction akin to a fairly weak version of modern day ibuprofen. My rivals would amputate a limb with a relatively superficial cut to prevent gangrene, I would douse it with alcohol and bind it with sterile cloth before touching so much as a scalpel. To be fair to them though, germ theory was relatively new and unpopular. Some of the patients would pay in gold, which I would have discreetly placed in dead drops around the known world, others payed in the much more valuable currency of secrets. Thirty silver coins to save a life is one thing, but words with the ability to bind another into service? Absolutely priceless.

The seventh century was when things began getting rather messy. Revolutions were waged thanks to some behind the scenes manipulating, kings and nobles were beheaded in the streets, a new country was formed in the so-called “New World” in part thanks to one man’s stubbornness along with plans I had set decades before the actors had so much as thought about taking the stage. A few issues arose when I was attempting to instate a new governing body during one particular revolt, and I went from operating the guillotine to being forced through it. The life after that I found myself having the skin flayed from my body and my heart torn from my chest in a display for sun god at the tender age of ten, slain by the remnants of a rather brutal warrior culture trying to escape their extermination.

The eighth and ninth centuries of my life were Hell. The first great conflict flared up when I thought it would be a grand idea to quietly assassinate an archduke so I could have one of my puppets take the throne and unite the world under one banner. The Serbians who were ordered to do so did it in the most public and foolish way possible, which ignited a powder keg and ruined centuries of planning in an afternoon. The one consoling thought I have of that time is knowing the cyanide capsules I gave them were far out of date. I was drafted into the Great War, and died horribly in a gas attack. The next four lives were short, as the war was indiscriminate in its choice of victims. I starved once due to a food shortage, was blown to pieces in an artillery barrage, was gunned down trying to cross several borders to get to Africa where I still had some dead drops remaining, and was beaten to death by an alcoholic father who lost a leg to the conflict. 

When it was all over, my plans to unify the world had been for naught. Europe was in shambles, one of its greatest military powers was saddled with all the blame and was in ruins, the land where I lived my first life was suffering dearly. The whole world was suffering dearly, and all because of my idiotic delusions of grandeur.

It all came around in that bar, though. My ninth century of life, where the weight of the world had finally fallen upon my shoulders and snapped my spine. They were there to pick me back up off the ground and tell me with enough manpower and force of will, we could take back power from the usurpers and reforge the world in our image. We all seemed so very different on the surface. There was an artist, a former General, a revolutionary, a failed aviator, a veteran of the Russian Revolution, and a future morphine addict among us that night when they whipped that bar up into a frenzy and had us storm out into the night. But the one thing we had in common was clear; pure hatred of the current state. When I took a bullet to the neck from officers we fought I wondered if the little Beer Hall Revolt would actually accomplish anything, and awoke in a small Polish town, I found I wouldn’t have to wait much longer. The next handful of lives lasted an average of five years and killed much of what faith I had left in the human race. When I finally returned to life in a busy Japanese city, where I wouldn’t have to fear the frontlines of the war or extermination thanks to poor luck on the genetic draw for quite some time, I was overjoyed.

At least I was for about three years.

Out of all my deaths, that one was the one that pushed me over the edge. The burning, blinding light, the feeling of my tongue melting in my throat, of my teeth shattering as I clenched them in pain, of my eyes boiling in their sockets, of my body being torn apart at the subatomic level and the screams I heard as the shockwave toppling the city. When I came back as an American child I remember how disgusted I felt when I heard the radio say that a second one of those things had been dropped on another civilian population, and how the people celebrated this mass murder of non-combatants. 

Imagine my shock when I ventured out into the world a few years later to discover that kind artist I had drinks with had been the one behind the horrid deaths I faced in Poland and Austria, that he had most of his allies from that night executed in their sleep and had left half the country in the hands of the Russian Communists thanks to his incompetence. After discovering the state of the world, and seeing where it was all heading, I finally snapped irrevocably and realized humanity, as a whole. Was beyond any redemption.

It’s now my fourteenth century of life, and I’ve finally found a way to end this little game I’ve been forced to play for far too long. My past eight hundred thousand or so lives prior to this one were fairly short on average, as I made sure to be born into wealthy families and live just long enough to dump as many of their assets into various fronts as soon as possible while trying to keep suspicion down. A few lives later and with several expensive bribes placed in some very dirty hands, I’ve managed to gain access to a single nuclear warhead, and a formerly decommissioned missile silo. With any luck and with the “information” I’ve been leaking to the higher ups at the Kremlin, the Russians will assume this is preemptive strike preceding a full-scale NATO invasion of the Motherland. If all goes to plan, every man, woman and child on this godless rock will be incinerated in a heartbeat when the policy of Mutually Assured Destruction kicks in.  I’m not gonna lie and say being torn apart atom by atom is a pleasant experience, but it’s far better than allowing the thing once called humanity to continue existing. 

-END AUDIO LOG-