 It was another miserable, cold, drizzly autumn day- and of course, I forgot to put on a jacket. I was walking to my physics class, shivering all the while.

“Need a coat?”

I turned around. Behind me was a girl- actually, one of my class-mates.

“No, thanks, I’ll be fine.”

She looked at me, skeptically. “You sure of that?”

“Yeah, Marie. I’m good.”

“Okay. Your loss.”

She puffed on, toward the auditorium.

&#x200B;

Another nine AM lecture on thermodynamics- Professor Ehrenfest’s droning was only interrupted by the scratching noises of a hundred pencils on paper.

*Ehrenfest? More like* Snooze*fest.*

Marie laughed. 

I instinctively put my hand over my mouth. Had I said that aloud? Ehrenfest would skin me alive if he had heard that- he was not one who suffered jokes gladly. No one else had laughed, though, and Marie was sitting three rows below me.

I chalked it up to chance. 

Ehrenfest pulled up another slide.

“Now, can someone please tell me, what is the theoretical efficiency of this engine?”

*Simple. Just one minus low temperature divided by high temperature. High is eight hundred ten kelvin, low is two seventy, two thirds.* 

Marie raised her hand.

“Marie?”

“It’s two thirds.”

“Good. How did you get there?”

“The efficiency is one minus low temperature divided by high temperature. High is eight hundred ten kelvin, low is two seventy. Two thirds.”

“Very good.”

*Huh. Took the words right out of my mouth.*

Now, I’m a scientist. I’m not usually one who believed in the supernatural. However, having someone copy not just my answer, but my words, spooked me a bit. Maybe it was too close to Halloween, but…

*If you can hear this, tap your desk, three times.*

I stared intensely at Marie, as she tapped her desk once…twice…three times. 

My blood froze. 

*Oh my God, she’s a telepath?!*

I thought it was cool- for about a millisecond. That’s when I realized that Marie could likely hear *everything* coming out of my head. My mind raced, trying to determine how bad this could be. Then I saw Marie wheel around in her seat, and look directly at me. 

*Come on, act natural…*

I took a breath, and smiled back at Marie. She nodded, and turned back to look at the blackboard.

&#x200B;

10 AM. Class over. 

I packed at record speed, dashed up the stairs, and sprinted down the pathway, seeking the safety of my own room.

*But how safe is it? What if Marie can still hear me? This is not good…*

“Wait!”

I recognized the voice, and picked up speed. My legs protested every step I took, but that was better than losing the privacy of my own mind.

“Slow down!”

The voice was closer now. I hung a left, cutting across the grass toward my dorm room. 

That was when Marie crashed into me at full tilt. Three hundred pounds of human, backpack, and water bottle smashed into the Earth. 

I tasted grass, dirt, and iron. My nose was bleeding, my face scratched. Marie rolled off me, and we both got up slowly, gasping for breath.

“Why did you tackle me!”

Marie was still breathing hard.

“I just… wanted to explain. Before you got away. Stop you from panicking.”

“What, that you can-”

“Read minds? Yeah.”

“So what are you, some kind of-”

“Superhuman? I guess. No, I’m not Professor X. He’s more powerful than I am.”

“Do you know-”

“How I got these powers? No. I just know I’ve had them as long as I can remember. As for what I can hear?”

She smiled, and shook her head.

“Everything. Every thought. I know that Kei has the hots for Sophia, that Roy’s mom died last week, that you’re…”

Her voice cut off abruptly.

“But doesn’t it get… you know, overwhelming?”

She scratched her head. “A bit, yeah. It’s why I keep to myself, mostly. I mean, hey, it is what it is.”

She looked straight at me, her pale eyes seeming to see right through me. “Look, I’m sorry for reading your mind without your permission. It’s just that… I’m in dire need of someone who gets me, and judging by what I’ve seen, we’re in the same boat.

So what do you say? Friends?”

I stared at Marie. She did read my mind- but she had a point. I’d barely gained any friends since I moved here.

I shook her hand. “I guess so.”

&#x200B;

It was the best decision I'd ever made.

&#x200B;

\*\*\*\*\*\*

Hi WP, I'm new here- this is my second prompt! Feedback appreciated!