Mark had been casing the house for weeks… and his source said it was supposed to be an easy job.  The plan was simple, while the owner was out of town for the week, he would climb the tree just outside the house, enter through the 3rd story window, and make his way to the treasure vault down in the basement.  Mark’s source even gave him all the schematics to the alarm system… but there was nothing about this in the schematics.

Mark was trying to get a feel for the room he was in as the recorded voice kept repeating itself over the loudspeaker: “Welcome.  Player 2 has entered the game.”

The room was small and very bland looking.  Other than the steel curtains now blocking the window behind him, there wasn’t a lot of color in the room.  It looked to be somewhat of an office, or work area of some sort.  A small desk was in the corner with what looked like a typewriter.  There was also an old style rotary phone on the desk.  The thing most out of place in the room was next to the one and only door for the room.  It was a small panel, with four different colored buttons:  red, blue, yellow, and green.  

Mark began to mutter to himself.  “Who the hell would put a control panel for a door lock on the inside of a room?  Wouldn’t it be better to put it out in the hallway to keep people out of a room?”

A new voice started to come in over the speaker.  “Welcome, Player 2!  My goodness, it’s been ages since I got to play a game!  I’m so excited!”

Mark began to look around the room in a frantic manner.  “Who’s there!?  What’s going on!?”

“Oh…” The voice sounded somewhat letdown.  “You mean, you entered the house and don’t even know the rules?”

“Rules? What the hell are you talking about?”

“Well, let’s go over the basics.  First, what should I be calling you?”

“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU!?”

“Hmmm… That is a strange name, how about I just continue to refer to you as Player 2?  I am the A.I. of this house.  I oversee the participants and make sure they are enjoying themselves.  As you can see, you are currently locked in a room.  The control panel with the four buttons will unlock the door with the correct combination.  Your goal is to make it into the next room.  Sound like fun?”

Mark went over to the panel next to the door.  “So you're telling me I need to hit these buttons in a specific order, and the door will unlock?”

“That’s right! You are catching on.”  The voice almost sounded full of glee, like a child who hadn’t played with a toy for a long time.

Mark began to fiddle with the buttons and press them randomly.  “Hmmm… I have no idea how long the code is or anything.  I may have to hit some buttons more than once for example.”

“Ummm… excuse me player 2, I wouldn’t do that.”

“Do what?”

“You see, if you enter the wrong code, well… It won’t be pretty.”

A pre-recorded voice came back on.  “Game Over.”

Mark looked around a little bit.  “Game over? What does that mean?”

The A.I. voice came back on.  “It means the room will now self-destruct and you die.  Good try Player 2.”

The room erupted with a flash, and in the blink of an eye, Mark was dead.

---------------------

Mark’s feet reached the floor.  The room was oddly… familiar.  A steel curtain over the window, the room devoid of any real decorations, a desk in the corner with the typewriter and the phone, the panel next to the door, and the annoying recorded voice on repeat. “Welcome.  Player 2 has entered the game.”

Mark looked around the room again, “Didn’t I die?”

The voice of the A.I. started to come over the speaker.  “Welcome back Player 2.  You indeed did die.  The owner of this house is a genius scientist.  He outfitted me with the ability to alter time and space within the confines of this house.  I simply rewound time back to when you entered the room.  It’s like you have unlimited lives!  Isn’t that great!”

“Yeah… that’s fantastic.  So I’m stuck in this house until I complete this little game.  By the way, why am I player 2?  Who is player 1?

The A.I. was silent for a bit.  “That’s the best part…"  The voice went deep as it uttered the next words, "I am.”  After a bit of silence, the voice went back to normal, "you may either refer to me as player 1, or GM.  Let's have fun player 2!"
