It was a cold winters eve, the big red man had just packed the last of his goods, he would need every bit of luck he needed to pull off what he was going to attempt today. The world had gone under and to keep from getting him or any of his companions radiation poisoning, he has hid for the last 20 years until the radiation had mostly settled and nature had semi reset itself to it's natural state. 

Come prance, come dancer, shouted Santa Claus as he called his magic reindeer from there long break at flying, he had no clue how humanity was faring, or what was awaiting him out in the world, but he knew the gifts from the glory days when life was good would not be good enough for the children of this day and age. Instead, he had weapons, food, and clothing in exchange for skateboards, dolls and video games.

Santa sets off with a rusty trot of his reindeer as he makes the first flight in twenty years, his reindeer were slow at start, but they slowly picked up the pace as they became adjusted to flying once again. With his reindeer gaining speed he braces as he leaves the harsh cold of the North pole and ventures into the unknown of the new earth.

After the incident, radiation filled the earth to no end, nowhere was safe, and unfortunately it created a huge shield that Santa's magic globe could not see through the radiation and instead viewed a huge dark abyss that showed nothing but darkness.

Santa was in the dark about where any civilization would be but he was determined to find at least one, asfter all, his whole existence was based off giving to humanity and inspiring it to move forward.

As Santa's search started, he started by looking high up in the atmosphere for any signs of light or colony or anything, but it was to no avail, while the radiation was now at stable levels to go outside, the radiation was still present making every moment you spend outside a few moments shorter of your life.

Santa searched and searched but saw nothing, he knew he would find nothing but he still felt disappointed at not discovering any form of life, so he started searching town to town, in hopes that he would find an underground settlement, but it was still barren, every city, town, and county was void of any and all life.

Certain that humanity had finally gone extinct, he wept, for the first time in his existence the happiest person on earth cried, his whole purpose to life had been taken from him and all that was left was the ashes of a once invincible race that conquered so many problems and made so many scientific discories 

Depressed about the current state of affairs, Santa took to the sky, and flew past the atmosphere into the deep darkness of space, but only before he threw his almost infinite sack of goods down to the barren ruins of the world he once loved, he wouldn't need it anymore, he was going to spend some time figuring out his new life and meaning for the next few millennia 

Back on earth, the sack fell creating a huge appearance as if an asteroid was headed to the earth as it plunged into the ruins of the once great city of Paris.

A goat like figure looked up and saw the bag falling down from the heavens. "So he finally realized" the goat figure muttered to itself as it continues to roam the world, looking for meaning.