I felt at my chest, feeling the ceremonial knife slipping between my ribs, piercing my heart. For a moment I could feel my heart pumping blood even with the knife lodged firmly within it. A warm sensation spread from my wound throughout my body. "I dedicate my life to Satan, may my eternal soul serve him forever more in the unholy pits of the Hells." Thoughts of fire and brimstone warmed my mind as I slipped away into death...

I blinked open my eyes, I was standing somewhere pleasantly warm and smelled slightly of fireworks. I was so taken by shock that for a long moment I failed to really absorb my surroundings. I was standing in front of a wrought iron gate, it was somewhat unimpressive, standing only chest high. Above the gate hung the words: 'Abandon a bit of hope but not too much hope ye who enter here.' I frowned, if I was where I thought I was, something didn't add up. 

In a bit of a daze, I pushed open the gate and walked along the cobbled road leading to 'The River Styx'. At least that seemed to be consistent with what I had learned. To my chagrin, I walked up to the titular river. The water was crystal clear for one thing, and it was barely larger than fifteen feet across, moreover, it looked to be no more than six feet deep at its deepest. On the river sat a slightly bobbing paddle boat with a young woman at the main seat. 

"So, are you Charon?" I hedged. 

She replied in a cheerful high pitched voice, "Nope, that would be my brother. He works in a different place," she giggled, "My name is Sharon." 

I sat down in the seat beside her, "Wait, what 'other' place is this then?" 

"Oh, this is Heck. Essentially it's for folks who didn't quite rate Hell, and didn't manage to squeeze into purgatory." 

"Oh ship," I paused, going over what I had said, "Wait, did I say ship? I wanted to say ship." 

She giggled in a trill of infuriating humor, "Oh, we're not allowed to swear here. This is Heck after all silly." 

"Son of a witch," I tried to swear.

She laughed again, I swore to kill the witch if she laughed....What did I just think? I would stab the punt....Shuck? Pass? Swat? 

I pulled at my hair, now firmly in the grips of an existential crisis. "Let me get this straight, I can't even *think* bad words here?"

She giggled that infuriating giggle again, I longed to strangle her, but I couldn't seem to move my arm to actually do the deed. "Of course not silly! This is Heck! You should have gone to Hell if you wanted to swear." 

I placed my head in my lap, clutching my head. I heard music on the air, I whipped my head up and asked, "What is that sound? I think I recognize that song." 

She nodded vigorously, "That's Mr. Roboto, by Styx. We named the river after them, the boss is a big fan."

I shook my head, "At least your boss has a decent taste in music," I realized that we should have been across the pitiful excuse for a river ages ago and paid attention to our progress. We were making large, lazy circles in the river, going nowhere. 

I looked at Sharon, staring death at her, "Why the shuck are we going in circles?" 

She giggled, "You're not paddling silly! I would have told you, but you seemed to be enjoying the chance to talk!" 

I wringed my hands, and tried to stop imagining my hands around her neck. Grumbling, I began to paddle, the boat evened out its course and swiftly made it to the other side of the river. As I stood to exit the boat, Sharon waved and said, "Domo arigato, Mr. Roboto," in perfect time with the song. 

I tried to flip her off, but managed only to give her a friendly wave. I nearly screamed in impotent fury. 

I needed to get the heck out of here. 

I walked along the friendly looking path, following signs for 'Circle of the Danged'. I came to the gateway which seemed to be made from old minivan parts and suit ties. A woman in a paisley dress walked out to greet me, her hair in curlers and a shoe held threateningly in her right hand.

"What the heck is this?" I winced at the censored word. Why was hell censored? I've been able to think and say it the entire time....Ah, because before I was just using it as a place, not a swear. I suppose this place obeys pre-teen edgy logic on swearing. 

I was surprised to receive a swat on my rump from the haggard looking woman. "What the shuck lady?" I was answered by another swat on my tuchus. 

"Don't you try and use that kind of language around me young man! I'll paddle your behind!" she said sternly, waving the shoe menacingly in front of her. 

"Sorry ma'am," I surprised myself by saying. 

She looked slightly mollified, "Now go clean your room mister. It's atrocious in there." 

"Wait, what level of Heck is this?" I asked, confused. 

"This is talking back to your parents, now don't make me tell you twice." 

"I know," I muttered, "I'll go clean my room." 

I found myself in my old seven year old self's bedroom, and looking around at the room from a significantly reduced height.  

"Ship," I said, my voice two octaves higher than I was used to. 
 



________________________
/r/SirLemoncakes I'm going to make this a mini-series. Probably in eight or nine parts, I'll have a part 2 up soon. Look up what Proverbs 30:17 has to say about this particular sin. ;)