The second hour, surprisingly, was much easier than the first. This was in part due to the fact I decided that I simply no longer cared about what state I was found in, so I laid sprawled on the floor, smoking cigarette after cigarette and singing The Backstreet Boys to myself while I contemplated my own existence. I never even liked this job. I was just a damned temp. And, of course, it’s the temp that gets caught in faulty elevators. It’s the temp that gets neglected for hours in a potentially fatal fluke dangling between the seventh and eighth floors of a building which hasn’t seen any evident renovations in the last forty years. Of course. 

As I take a long drag on my Marlboro, the elevator lurches up, causing the ash to fall directly onto my pencil skirt. 

“Shit,” I jiggle it off with my leg, but a powdery stain remains and I grimace. “Of course.” Of course. 

The elevator hiccups upwards once again before beginning a slow descent down. The operator said he was supposed to come save me but I guess that wasn’t going to happen anymore. Within seconds I arrive at the lobby, my ride coming to an end. I stand, gather my things, smooth down my skirt and kick my butts into the corner of the small room I’d made into my hovel. Alright, alright, look collected, the doors open and I step out with a cloud of smoke. I prepare to exist the building, focussing on the revolving doors - where the fuck are the revolving doors? They’re sliding? And what happened to the floor? Where’s the carpeting? Why is this tile? Since when did the computers at the lobby desk become so thin? Since when were computers so thin? Why are people looking at tiny - tiny tap screens? Touch screens? What are those things? Where the hell am I?

I turn around and look back into my elevator, only it’s not my elevator. It’s not my hovel. There’s no butts, no smoke around me, I definitely smell like an ashtray though, and the entire thing is a glossy silver interior with, with a very flat screen showing the weather? 

I’ve gone mad. I’ve gone mad. I see the date, November 25th, alright okay, 2018?
 
No. No. No. 

Deciding that this is most definitely a dream, I slap myself in the face to wake up. Wake back up in the elevator. Wake back up. Am i dead? The slap stings my cheek, definitely feeling real, but it can’t possibly be real. I slap myself again, and the sting on my face just grows stronger in response. People are looking at me now. A man in a black polyester suit comes walking over, hand in his pocket, face concerned. 

“Hey, miss? You okay? Do you need anything?” 

I stare. I just fucking stare. “It’s 1999,” I whisper.

“Sorry?”

“It’s 1999,” I repeat louder, mortified, looking in my bag to pull out my planner, “it’s 1999, and I got stuck in the elevator, and...” I fumble as I open the agenda and shove it at the man who’s now staring at me as though I’m a lunatic. He takes it, giving it a once over before passing it back to me. 

“Do you work here?”

“Yes! No, I’m a temp? I was a temp? Jesus Christ!” I look at the lobby once more, most of the people here have stopped whatever they were doing to stare at me. I want to scream. Fuck it it’s a dream right? I scream. My throat hurts, the man seems to notice my distress, miraculously, and puts an arm around my shoulders and begins to direct me towards the door. I stumble alongside him, suspended in disbelief, staring at the sliding doors. 

“Do you live around here?” he asks softly. 

“I... I guess I do,” I sift around my purse for my keys, latching onto them and pulling them out. What are the odds they still work? There’s no way they would have kept my apartment vacant for 19 years. 19 years. Jesus Christ, how old am I? I would be 43 now. Holy god. “How old am I?” I ask him, panicked again, “How old do I look?” 

He stops for a moment, furrows his brow,  then shrugs. “26?”

“Oh thank god, oh thank god,”I close my eyes as we pass through the doorway and into the street. The cars all look different. The street is paved differently. The phone booth is gone. “This is real, isn’t it?”

The man looks down at me, releasing his arm from my shoulder and sliding his hand into his pocket to retrieve a thin black device. He begins to tap on its screen, entering some sort of code. “Yeah, well, I guess, where did you say you lived? I’ll get you an Uber.”

“A what? No, I... I can walk. Thank you.” 

“Would you like me to call someone for you?”

“Do you have a phone?” 

He half chuckles before catching himself and waving the device in his hand. “Yeah, I have a phone.”
Would my parents even still be alive? At the same number? “514-714-6887,” I swallow put a shaker hand out to take his phone after he taps the number in. 

Cautiously, I put the device to my ear, hearing at last a familiar sound. The ring of a phone call. It rings twice before I hear her voice, and I feel my body flood with relief. “Hey Mom, it’s -“ 
She cuts me off before I can finish, “Heather? Heather. Heather is that really you? Where have you been? Are you alright? Have you been alright?” There’s a rasp to her voice that wasn’t there before, she sounds panicked, she sounds old. 

“Yes, mom, I’m fine I just-“

“Where are you?! It’s been nineteen years, where have you been? What happened? Heather are you still there?”

“Yes, mom, I’m still here, I - mom, mom calm down.” 

Her voice has cracked into animal like sobs, her breath becoming heavy and laboured as each inhale is taken in as though she is drowning in her own tears, “Heather, I thought you were gone, I thought...oh thank god... oh thank god.”
