Percifiny Thorgood held a book fashioned out of the flesh of tortured sinners. It was stitched together with faces intact and dusted with black brimstone. She  blew on the book of the damned. It revealed the crimson color underneath and the texture of a peanut shell.

"This is what you get for taking this job", she said to herself.  

200 years before Violeta was in the Cosmic Vetting Hall or CVH for short. Violeta could've have chosen from a myriad of assignments. At the time Librarian seemed like a nice change of pace. Being Mother Nature was exhausting and she was sick of going from death to rebirth every billion years. Some might think that a very long time to live; however, to live this out on every world in every solar system in existence is quite exhausting. 

Of course she could've been a star but the idea of possibly turning into a black hole left her a little paranoid. That's when she determined the Librarian Ms. Thorgood was a great career choice. Most American's read about 15 books a year, so all she would have to worry about were book nerds. And being a Middle School Librarian meant easy work. After all she liked books and traveling. 

Her cosmopolitan blouse belonged to the former Librarian, Mrs. Handler  and was more than a bit tattered. The white blouse had turned gray from the smoke and ash. It was a little singed along the sleeves and had tares in the fabric. Paladin sages claimed it was Linen taken from the Shroud of Turin and woven into a blouse. Meant to resurrect once destroyed and a grand ward against evil. 

"Never do that again.", Ms. Thorgood replied. 

Her students all 7th grade pubescent instigators forced her hand. All the requests which came in for that book prompted the order and it was as good as a command. Yet there was one caveat even she couldn't break – no pornography. Of all the books she could acquire or eventually would, that was the golden rule. 

"Uhm, Ms. Thorgood."

"Yes, Becky what is it", she replied, as she wiped the sweat from her brow.

"We can see your bra."

"OH, Great Alexander", she sounded, using her hands to cover the holes in her blouse, "don't look! Turn away now all of you!"

Of 25 students Most of them listened except for Marcus Mccloud, Kobi Kingsington and Xavier Vazques. It was of no surprise of course. In fact it was Marcus who decided to bring his very own naked gem to school one day.

The old Mccloud attic held a rustic trunk and inside were magazines. Upon pulling  one out Marcus discovered they were the gentlemen variety. His grand father's vintage to be exact. And she was the pinnacle of Playmate sophistication, which happened to be a librarian vixen by the name of Ms. March. Like Ms. Thorgood she too had dark hair and miky skin with a bosom bust line to match. And even though they liked Ms. Thorgood before, they liked her even more now. 

"Those of you staring at my chest. Of course because I know it was you who orchestrated this. And I have absolutely no confidence that you're going to listen nor remember... I have a piece of advice for you...remember these words well--never read the book out loud. Never, ever, never ever! Do you understand me? Oh and the book is due back in 3 weeks. Not back by then and they'll come looking for you." 

And like all children nod while they're not listening, the trio of future American inmates did just that. They returned home that very evening and gathered into the dark corner of Marcus's basement. Once they flicked the light switch there was a door with a room generally used as a large utility closet. Inside the boys used the blood of a vampire bat, to paint what some in the occult call a sigil. It was a strange pentagram with odd characters and a weird goat in the center. 

All three of them dressed in their black cloaks and the leader of the ceremony held a knife he made out of a sharpened dog's bone. 

"Hey man is it ok to wear my underwear underneath", Kobi replied.

"You're supposed to be naked dude...look whatever", Marcus said.

Xavier pulled the book out from Kobi's back pack to the first page and started reading the contents of a dead language out loud.  

"What the hell are you doin man? You're not supposed to read it yet!"

"Sorry Marcus. I was just practicing. You know to get it right before it starts."

"Man you dumb", Kobi put in.

"Screw you guys. I bet that was all nonsense so that we wouldn't try any of the stuff in here."

"The book sez not to start without the goat", Marcus replied.

"Dummy", Kobi said.

"Look nothings going to happen. I don't believe in this crap anyway and I was just doing it because of you two morons. I mean why the hell are we in love with all this dark stuff anyway?"

While the boys bickered they hadn't noticed a presence entered the space of the pentagram. 

"Bah, baaaahh, baaaaahh."

The boy's froze for a moment. Then Marcus said, "When did we bring the goat into the room?"

"Yeah thought we left that funky thing outside", Kobi replied.

Suddenly a deep raspy voice spoke, "A sacrifice is required."

"What the freak", all three of the boys replied almost simultaneously. There hearts pounded deep in their chests and they could feel their bowels loosening. 

"If one is not granted then six will be required”, the goat said.

"What? No way! Were not gonna kill anybody", Xavier said.

"You have exactly 666 seconds to determine a proper sacrifice." 

Suddenly the book flapped through the air frolicking and laughing at the boys below, while the goat danced to an invisible melody. 

---End---

