This is my first time posting on here, so please forgive any errors!



“Why the hell am I in a field!” Is the first thought that Rob can articulate, seeing as 2 seconds ago he was being shoved out of the British Museum’s side exit for daring to touch one of the display pieces.

That small green stone was almost hypnotic, pulling him towards it from across the room, just begging for him to pick it up. Bad idea. 
In a flash of green lightning, Rob was thrown to the ground and a strong taste of burnt toast formed in his mouth, gross. Next thing he knew, he was being dragged by security towards the exit and thrown through the doors into some field in the middle of nowhere, with no way back.

“Oi! You there! Stop!”
Rob turns around to see a man dressed in a metal helmet and a pike running towards him, his horse tied to a pole next to a dirt road.
“I’ve been expecting you! I’m Alan, Lord Brackley said you'd be here when I arrived and I'm here to take you to him.”
After explaining to Alan that he couldn’t possibly be expecting him, he hits Rob round the head, ties him up and sits him on the horse.

As Rob rode through various villages, it became clear that something wasn't right. They all look like something from a history book; all the houses seem a bit shabby, with thatched roofs and wonky window frames. Dogs ran amok in the streets with kids dressed in rags chasing them.
“Alan? This may sound mad, but what is the year?” Rob says, scratching the now considerable bruise on his forehead.
“I really must have given you a good whack, the year is 1418, August the 17th if you must know.”
Alan hands Rob an old fashioned hip flask.
“Have a swig of this, should sort that head out right proper.”
After finishing the whole flask, the surrounding colours blur into darkness as the booze knocks Rob out.

When he awakens, Rob notices that he’s in a large room, light from the huge candle lit chandelier dances off the paintings of old World War 2 planes that cover the walls. The smell of an old smoking pipe lingers in the warm air.
A loud crackle from the fire catches his attention as an old man in a red dressing gown prods it with a metal rod.
“I see you've finally come to” he says, gazing at Rob out the corner of his eye, “and I bet you’ve got lots of questions, eh?”


