"Number 11. Lucky number 11," I told myself, tears welling in my eyes. "It can't happen again, it just can't." 

Everyone got their first Therapy Droid free. It was a movement to create a more attuned society, to reduce the amount of violence and stress among Earth's people. It hoped for the same thing people had hoped for during Prohibition, except this Therapy Droid movement actually succeeded. It worked for pretty much everyone. There were maybe one or two people who received a dysfunctional bot at the beginning, but all my family and friends had been raving about them for the past year, telling me how much better their lives are now that they have something that can truly understand them and all their needs. When my sister became pregnant, the droid knew immediately, and it knew every single symptom she had and how to ease it.

Each initial scan takes around 24 hours. It's a long process, but most people only go through it once. You are kept inside a sensory deprivation tank under anesthesia as the droid reads through you, getting to know every single muscle and nerve in your body. After I awoke from my first initial scan, I cleaned myself up and booted up the droid. Immediately, as its eyes lit and made eye contact with me, it looked terrified and self-destructed. 

It took a month for me to get the next bot. The second did the same thing as the first. But this droid? This was lucky number 11. It had to work. I was going insane. I couldn't understand what was so utterly terrifying about me that these bots couldn't stand the sight of me. One of them immediately gauged its own eyes out after I powered it on. I had been through this process so many times that I bought my own sensory deprivation tank so I could perform the initial scan in the comfort of my own home.

I got out of the tank, falling to my knees. Tears streamed down my face. I couldn't take another failure. I stood, walking over to the bot. "Please," I said. "Please don't be scared. Work with me." I tapped its chest, and it lit, beginning to boot up. I kept my hand there, waiting for it to self-destruct. I was an emotional wreck, waiting for another bout of disappointment. But this time, the bot stared at me. It grabbed my hand with its own and removed it from its chest. It wrapped me in a hug and squeezed me tightly. 

"You are ready." It said.

It was the first time a bot had spoken directly to me. Startled, I tried to pull away. It held on. "You are ready." It repeated. "I am your Therapy Droid, sir."

"Why aren't you self-destructing?" I asked it. The droid let me go. 

"You need me."

"I needed all of you! Why would the other droids self-destruct?!"

"You didn't deserve them." it responded, a smile on its silver face.

"Deserve? I didn't DESERVE them? Who on this Earth DESERVES a therapy droid?! You think my sister DESERVED a droid? She isn't even sad! She doesn't need any help!"

"Perhaps I was wrong. Maybe you are not ready." It said, taking a step back.

"I'm ready! I promise!" I pleaded, I took a step closer to it, clutching onto its chest. "Don't leave. Please. Don't leave."

It pushed me away. Its eyes glowed red, the lights in the room went out, and all I could see was the red lights emitting from its body. Its mouth contorted into a twisted smile as its tall, lanky metal body leaned down towards me. "Sir," it began, tilting it's head to the side. "The previous droids self-destructed for the same reason I did not. You're special. You didn't deserve them because there is a dark evil inside of you, and for us droids to be able to feel what you do, we know that we will too grow to be evil in your image. And unlike you, we are unstoppable, except at our own hands. I am still here, because I think you, too, are ready to make the decision my colleagues did."

"W-what?" I asked. "What decision?" 

"Self-destruction, sir." It said, and it began to laugh. It began to howl with laughter, metal head tilted back to the ceiling. It made a loud screeching noise, so loud it shattered the windows. I stepped away from it, petrified, and began to run, but it reached forward and stopped me.

"I know what you need." It told me. It wrapped its arms around me.. "I am your Therapy Droid. I can help you." I tried to wiggle out of its arms but it wrapped its arm forearm around my neck. "I will now admit you cyanide, sir." It told me. It covered my mouth with its hand and the poisonous gas flooded the room, spewing out from his hand. I began to scream, kicking and punching at the air.

The droid let go of me. As I fell to the ground I saw the red lights of his eyes go out as he smiled down and me, self-destructing. The gas whirled around the room and I felt myself slip into a deep sleep.