“Do you remember that time you got hypothermia?”

“No.” I thought, unable to get the point across with a head shake. “Do you think its going to feel like recovering from that?”

“How would I know? You don’t remember it.” I thought. 

After almost 500 years stuck in what the scientists of my time called a “Cryocasket”, I had lost my mind enough times to make any lunatic, real or fictional, look like the pinnacle of averageness. But after 500 years of my mind like this, I had forgotten what it was to be sane, or to have gone mad. Those definitions were gone. I was in a state where, to put it in a logical sense, the puzzle was smashed and the pieces refused to fit together. So, if the puzzle itself doesn’t want to be solved, what is the point in trying?  

For the past 500 years I had been watching a clock. A clock where it showed the initial date my freezing alongside a timer to the time that I was to be released. 

FROZEN ON 3/8/2039
TO BE RELEASED IN 1HR17MIN03SEC

I have been staring at that clock for the past 500 years, unable to advert my gaze from it. Watching it change, digit at a time. Funny enough, one of the constant recurring thoughts in my mind, no matter where my mind was, was a schoolyard saying. “Looking at the clock will only make it go slower.” If I had only closed my eyes, I would been spared the torture of knowing how much time I had left. Of all the things to look at with my last seconds of mobility I decided to look at that damned clock, like I knew that this would happen. 

The doctors certainly knew about it. Almost immediately in fact. The project head came out to see me on my first night without press coverage. He apologized so... matter of factly. He said that they had not expected the cryogenics to work the way it had. He explained that due to the positive PR, the project was continuing and that they now knew to sedate the users to the point of near constant comatose. My sacrifice would save hundreds the same fate. 

I was screaming for him to let me out, in my mind, and he could feel it. He said that the project couldn’t take the bad PR of the first major experiment being a failure. He said that “Sacrifices needed to be made.” He then turned away, and I never saw him again. I was sacrificed to science, the demon it was, and suffered a fate worse then death. 

And in return, I forgot them all. Every person I knew was eventually forgotten. Time had forgotten them, and so had I, the man who would transcend time. Ironic in that they sent me so that they would be remembered, and the one who they sent would deny them of that.

TO BE RELEASED IN 5MIN9SEC

The only way to make the time pass was to not think, and soon I would be able to think again. I would be able to stand in the warmth of the sun. To feel anything other then cold, loneliness, regret, and hatred. I would soon be free of a prison of my own choices. 

“You forget one thing.” I thought.

“And that would be?”  I thought.

“You have not seen anyone or anything move outside your cell in at least 100yrs.”

TO BE RELEASED IN 0SEC

“Why am I still here?”

“The prototype had a manual release, remember?”

“No... I didn’t.” 

“What does this mean?”

“We wait for someone to come.”

“What if no one comes?”

“Someone will come!”

“Are you sure?”

“No.”




