"Jesus Christ!" Pedro shouted over the chugging din of the generator, "She's right! I hear it too, Goddamnit! Where's the calendar?"

Pedro, without waiting for an answer, stormed out of the room, nearly overturning one of our fuel barrels- one that still held a good amount. The fuel, the food, everything had to last five years longer, 1901 days to be precise. I twitched and shuddered- considering the implications of losing the 46 gallons of fuel I estimated the barrel contained.  

Some days, when I was feeling optimistic and a little foolish, I thought it might last, despite what my daily inventory sheet told me. 

"What do you hear?" I shouted after him, wondering how he could detect any sound over the insane clatter in the generator room. 

"Exhaust vent!" Pedro called angrily as he almost lost his footing skidding around a tight corner. It looked like he was headed for the bedrooms.

I navigated my way through 1,500 days worth of bulk canned food, 2 unopened crates of gas masks (five units each), a crate marked INDUSTRIAL LUBRICANT that I alone knew held a small quantity of chocolate bars (reserved for birthdays), and a generous assortment of various types of hazardous conditions gear. Finally, I reached the back side of the generator, and held my ear close to the hot exhaust vent. I couldn't hear anything. I pressed the button to shut down the generator. (the battery banks could cover a service outage of up to 21 hours).

As soon as the diesel chugging settled itself, the sound Pedro had been hearing became apparent to me. 

Sleigh bells. 

"Oh no. Oh, no, no no!" I said, almost as if talking could hold back tears indefinitely.

Before I could really lose my composure, Pedro came crashing back into the room, accompanied by the others and brandishing a tattered calendar. It read 2019 at the top. 

I remembered that year. My mom had taken me to Adventureland to celebrate 5th grade graduation. 

Never one to let circumstances beyond his control disrupt his daily ritual, Pedro was delivering a ranting lecture for anyone who cared to listen. "You can't reuse a calendar because you like the picture! The days change, you have to rotate them in a certain order, a different one every year, there's a system! How stupid can--" 

Alice was delivering a hysterically shrill monologue from the back of the group, "...TOLD YOU I HEARD IT, but NOOOOO, never listens to me, does he? Do you know what happens if he comes down that exhaust vent? He'd have to breach the radiation shielding, you know that right? Right? Complete destruction, disaster, radiation burns instantly causing painful..."

"I know!" Pedro shouted.

"And the nanochemical agents won't deactivate for another..."

"I know! I know! Shut up!"

Everyone was in a panic, the few that hadn't been freaking out, started to lose it themselves. Pedro grabbed the biggest wrench he could find and smashed it into the top of the barrel that still held what I estimated to be 46 gallons of fuel- denting it slightly, and possibly un-sealing the cap. I made a mental note to look up how quickly diesel evaporates.

The sound was loud and shocking enough to quiet the group. Pedro held up the wrench threateningly. "ONE OF YOU FUCKERS HAS BEEN GOOD THIS YEAR. WHO WAS IT?"

Everyone shook their heads. Nobody would fess up to the crime. 

"Shit! Come on, we don't have long. It's almost midnight! Barlie!"

At first I thought he'd cursed again, but a moment later I recognized he'd shouted my name. "What?!" I called, much louder than I'd expected. 

"List the crimes! Someone didn't do their part." he said, glaring angrily at the group, one at a time, as if he could spot the unauthorized saint.

"Ah, Okay," I said. "Yours was excessive constant profanity."

"Fuckin-A!" he crowed. 

"Alice messed up the bathroom floor to make it look like Janine did a bad job. George, DeShawn and Ian all tried to steal the birthday chocolate. Darla broke a lamp on purpose in anger. Janine spit in Alice's juice mix. Steve lied about three thousand times-"

"Did not!" Steve protested. 

"Good work, Steve!" Pedro called. 

"And all the rest skipped work, played sick when they weren't, cheated on school assignments or stole extra rations." I concluded. "Nobody here was good this year. I have a comprehensive list, checked DAILY."

"Well, we know the list isn't right! Maybe someone faked it?" Pedro asked. 

"I thought about that," I said. "But if someone faked a crime to make it look like they were bad when they weren't, in order to get us all irradiated by...him... then that would be a crime in itself."

"True.... wait. What about you Barlie?"

"Me?" I said. "I...I stole a cookie."

Pedro's eyes narrowed. I didn't like the way he was gripping the handle of the wrench. "YOU, of all people, you screwed with the almighty inventory, which you can never shut up about for ten goddamn minutes?"

"That's why I thought it would be a good one," I said. 

"Hm," he said dropping the wrench to the floor, where it clattered loudly enough to make everyone jump. "Then I guess we're fucked." 

After that came about twenty minutes of panic, people running around, accusing one another of various false crimes and good deeds that might have doomed us all. I only sat down on the nearest crate, going over everything in my head. There had to be another answer.

We didn't have an accurate clock, not after the third year, but everyone knew when it went from being December 24th to December 25th. A loud clatter rang through the exhaust vent and the worst sound any of us had ever heard came echoing down. 

"Ho! Ho! Ho!" 

The younger children screamed in terror. The older ones held themselves and rocked. Pedro sat stonefaced, blinking. I stood and selected a protection suit with a mostly full air supply from the pile of hazard gear and put it on. 

"What are you doing?" Pedro asked.

"Get the airlock ready, I'm leaving."

"You can't leave! We won't be able to let you back in!" 

More clattering from the exhaust vent, another cry from the deadly old elf. He clearly wasn't going to do it so I endered a code Pedro thought only he knew into the airlock, and it swung open. 

I stepped in. "I know you can't let me back in." 

"Why are...Are you the one who..."

"I thought it over," I said, connecting the air hose to he helmet. "I stole a cookie, but it was for a good reason. To stop... this. Problem is: right now, anything bad I could do would be to save us, no matter what it was."

"So you're just leaving us? Who will take inventory? Who will..."

"Someone else will have to. You'll figure it out. Might not even be that bad out there."

"You always say that!" Pedro cried, "It's. Not. Safe!"

I shook my head, "We have no way of knowing, not for sure. Besides, with me gone, one less mouth... it makes the math work. You know what the situation looks like."

Pedro went from confused to furious, "You're not walking out now! You're leaving because you *want* to leave! You're just being selfish!" He shouted.

I fitted the helmet, grabbed the handle of the inside airlock door and pulled it shut before he could stop me. Immediately I unlocked the outer door, to prevent Pedro from reopening the inner one. 

"I know." I said.

Shoving open the heavy exterior door, I was momentarily blinded by the whiteness of the landscape. 

The world that lay before me was not what I had expected at all.