In the blink of an eye I arrive at my destination, the vacuum breaks with an audible pop and the doors slide open, I cannot see past the blinding lights and yet something already feels off. I was expecting my team to welcome me with a cheer, the thought they might be playing some sort of prank crosses my mind until an overwhelming wave of the warm sour smell of blood hits me.

My heart is already pounding on my throat and I step out, I grab a hold of the corner of a table as I empty the contents of my stomach on a puddle that just adds to the mess of limbs, organs and fluids sprawled on the floor. I let go of the table, I'm heaving, hands on my knees and when I stand up I see it, frantically scrabbled on the tiles, in big capital letters "I'M SORR". Underneath a blob that barely looks human anymore lays in a puddle, stretching a wretched hand and I can only make out the light blue boots we all wear while in the lab, we are a tight knit group, we are like family, we know we are messing with forces bigger than ourselves, we are aware that if we are not careful and something goes wrong it can go VERY wrong. Whoever messed up bad enough for this to happen never got a chance to complete the y... 

My head is spinning "No!" is all I can mumble, over and over again when I see Sandra on the floor, she was pregnant, I know it is Sandra or at least her torso because of the fetus connected to it, it moves a leg as it opens and closes it's mouth, probably out of reflex and I shudder in a mix of grief and disgust "No" I am crying, shaking my head and I take a few steps back and get into the pod again, I don't think about it, I just set the date to the exact time I last saw them alive and well, I need to go back to August 1st 2018 at 15:05 hours, the time of my departure, I don't know what the fuck happened but I need to save them, I need to warn them, I need to go back.

This is not like the simulation or my last attempt, not just a protocol vacuum to wait out , this does not happen in the blink of an eye, I see myself passing, my old self, on the way to the future and then a deafening boom rocks the whole pod and I cannot hear a sound, my ears and nose are bleeding and I bump my head against the cylindrical glass structure, the glass burns. I step outside and it is hot, still in disbelief I can't make out a sound, but I can feel the vibration of the desperate screams that fill the room, Sandra looks at me as her face and hands melt and it hits me FUCK, HOW COULD I BE SO STUPID!!! I set the time as the EXACT GODDAMN TIME OF MY DEPARTURE! FUCK, I'm beginning to die too, I can't hear a thing and I doubt they can hear me but I scream that I'm sorry at the top of my lungs, I reach the nearest wall, I'm starting to... I'm starting to melt from the radiation and I just want them to know, want somebody to know how sorry I am.