I had been asleep for millennia. I was utterly forgotten. My people had not worshiped me since before the great darkness. No legacy remained and so I wandered the Other with little hope of ever finding a way back.

I watched as new ones took over. New forms of worship developed, and structures were erected. I watched as Others were born and found their way in. Some stayed a long while, and some only a short. No one knew how long things would last for them.

I had a chance to return about two hundred years ago. Some started to build statues and structures that could have brought me out of the Other and in to the world. I came close, so close, but they all missed that one critical component. I needed blood to be spilled. I needed sacrifice to break through.

Accidents sometimes happened and I found my way in once or twice, but since none of these new ones asked anything of me, my power could not grow. Over and over I was flung back to the Other, my rage building within me.

Given enough time, circumstances have a way of coming together. A young chicken farmer built a small temple, not for any existing god, but for fun. The idea of having a temple that worshiped no one amused him. As the season went on and the time to harvest his broiler chickens arrived, he decided to use the temple as his slaughterhouse.

There was so much sacrifice. I awoke with more power than I knew what to do with.

I had learned the language in my previous entries but this was the first time I had the chance to use it. The words felt awkward in my mouth. I wasn't built for this.

"I am pleased by your gifts," I growled.

The man jumped and let out a scream. He whipped around and glanced into the shadowy corner where I awoke. "What the hell?" he asked vaguely. He backed up to the exit and grabbed a nearby pitchfork. His eyes narrowed as he tried to make out my form, but I remained hidden.

"You built a temple, and spilled the blood of sacrifice. I have arrived for you. Worship me and I will bring you the favors of a god," the words came out thick between my teeth.

He understood well enough, but looked skeptical. "Well... I..." his brow furrowed as he processed this new information. "I have a pretty bad rat problem in the granary and the coops. Could you get rid of them?"

The hunt of small rodents could not have been a more perfect task for me in my current state. I would grow strong in the process and grow stronger from his worship when I succeeded. "By tomorrow," I said, and he let the door fall closed behind him as he ran back to the house.

The farmer awoke to a small mountain of rat corpses. They had all been found and eliminated. I waited for him to return to the temple. I had grown larger and stronger and as he saw my gift for him I could feel the worship flowing into me. I fought down a roar of laughter from the feeling. It had been so long since I had felt this.

He entered the temple and fell to his knees. "It's real," he said breathlessly. "You're a real god. Who are you? What do I call you?" He lifted his lantern and the light broke through the darkness.

I stepped out of the shadow and into the light. My toe claws clicked on the gravel floor and my tail whipped left and right to maintain my balance. My large eye narrowed as it adapted to the presence of light and I ruffled my feathers and clicked my razor-sharp teeth. "I have no name, for I come from a time before names. My people worshiped me as the ultimate hunter, for I could always chase down prey and lead them to the slaughter. Though a great darkness reduced my people to those you see today, you have brought me back by spilling their blood, and your worship gives me enough strength to stay. Together we shall render the flesh from your enemies and bring back a time of violence unseen for millions of years. Join me, young farmer!" I let out a roar that split the air and I could smell his urine as he trembled before me.

"Holy shit," he whispered as he quivered before me. "You're a dinosaur."