Imagine with me for a moment...
You are blind. The only thing your eyes have ever detected is the infinitely swirling darkness of an endless void. Now, I'd like you to imagine living in this darkness for ten years. For the first two you had trouble navigating the dark. Stumbling over small rocks and crashing into walls. In the next three you began to adjust, and you became adept at navigating the void, and because of this, in the next five years you found comfort in the dark. Finally I'd like you to imagine this, a person. A woman in fact. She's shorter than you and she has bright curly hair. She is slender and wearing pants whose color seems to sooth but has faded due to time. Her shirt is somehow brighter than her hair, and dark buttons march down the center like soldiers. A necklace hangs around her neck. Its chain gleams, and it shines so beautifully that you can't seem to look away from it. You follow the chain with your eyes until they fall upon a vibrant stone that matches the color of her eyes perfectly. This woman is absolutely the most beautiful thing you've ever seen; she is a miraculous beacon of vibrant color and defined features in your world which has been devout of both.

I remember that day vividly. It's hard to forget the first time I saw my grandmother. She had come over to have dinner with us as she did every Friday, something we had arranged when grandpa passed two years before. As she stepped into our home she smiled warmly at the voice of my father as she wrapped her her arms around an invisible totem. She removed dark shoes and stepped further into my home as she greeted the rest of my family, but even when she turned to greet me I said nothing. All I could do was stare in awe of the beautiful woman in front of me.

That night, my grandmother passed on to whatever awaits wandering souls.

From that day forward I saw many people. Some walked by me innocuously on the street. Going about their days until they met calm ends in warm beds. Others weren't as lucky. One particular man lay alone on a park bench wearing only worn and tattered clothes. A needle protruded from his arm and a small tube lay at his side. I watched as the glimmer in his eyes slowly dispersed, and he faded gently from sight, as though he were simply a mirage.

I think back on these moments of awe, confusion, and apathy as I walk back into my home. My mother is here in the living room, as are my sister and father. My sister is sitting legs crossed on the couch, but to my eyes she is gently suspended a few feet above the ground. She has dirty hair, but its curly like grandma's, and her eyes gleam a wonderful hue I haven't seen before.

"Hello son!" my father says as he stands to welcome me with a hug. His smile is warm and loving, but I cannot find comfort in seeing it. "Come in! Come in! Sit down, would you like something to drink?"

Silence

"Honey, what's wrong?" my mother asks. Her eyes filled with a concern any mother would have when they detect their child in distress. "Honey?"

Silence

The room feels as though its at absolute zero. My family waits for a response but my voice has buried itself deep within my throat. I want to say say more but I can only whisper, "Mom...I can see you"

"What are you talking about?" she asks, now more confused than concerned.

"You're in front of me mom. I can see you, I can see all of you..."

"Haley Joel!" she yelled, "Don't scare me like that. I thought you were in trouble or something! Lord knows I don't need to have a heart attack while my children are home."

I begin to explain myself but a noise stops me. What is it? Something is rubbing against the carpet. Someones foot. It beats a hasty and panicked rhythm that I can hear clearly. I look around at my family, but all of their legs are still.

"Dad, is there someone else here?" I warily ask, hoping he will simply deny my suspicions.

"Oh yes! How rude of me. This is a co-worker of mine, Lucy. Lucy this is my son Haley. Haley, Lucy." My father smiles weakly at the place where the lazy boy should be. Chills tingle up and down back, and the hairs on my arms stand up.

"It's good to meet you..." Her words are icey against my ears. A voice totally absent of emotion. "Sorry not to shake your hand, but now that the whole family is here I believe It's time to begin."

My mother's voice rings far away almost inaudible. I look over to her, she is smiling and saying something I can't seem to understand.

*POP*

Red. 
My mother's lips stop moving. Her fall to the floor lasting an eternity, I turn to my father who is still trying to understand what he is seeing unravel before him.

*POP* *POP*

Alone...only seconds had passed, but seconds is all it took to take away my family. I run to my sister.

"Sara? No, NO SARA!" A red leak had sprung in her belly. I hold her in my arms watching her blood pour onto my lap. Her pupils are tight and flicking around the room in a deranged fashion, but there is nothing I can do to ease the pain. She begins to fall still, and, after a while, she fades away from my sight. I lay her head gently on the floor as I look Lucy in the eye. I can see her now. She is grinning...grinning...how is she grinning? I guess she left me alive because she knows I'm blind, but luckily for me my eyes are the oracle of death. I slowly stand up. She holds a silenced pistol in her left hand, but I don't give a shit. Lucy walks over to me, still wearing that evil fucking grin. She silently raises the pistol to meet my heart. I look at her, and move. A small hop to the left, its all I needed. I watch as my red hands squeeze tightly around her neck, rapidly lightening the pigment of her skin. Her grin is gone, now replaced by fear and surprise. Her face gently changes hue from red, to a deeper color, almost like a bruise.

*POP*

Pain. Agonizing pain.

*POP*

Her face changes hues once again, lighter this time. More pale. She begins to weaken, until eventually she fades from my vision. I collapse. Red is the the only thing I see. My vision is starting to blur, as my red hands gently fade...