Good god it was cold. He didn't know what he'd been expecting, honestly, summer had come and gone and in this area there was no such thing as fall. He'd been sitting at corners playing his banjo -- poorly, because he'd never really learned how to play -- for three months, and not one damned person had even looked at him. He'd been expecting someone to want to help, he had always assumed that someone would come to the rescue of the truly poor and destitute. He hadn't realized how often people really avoided beggars, how often they assumed you were someone trying to con people out of their money.

"Goddammit," Jack muttered, stopping for a moment and bracing himself against a frigid wind that blew right through him. He was done. He wanted nothing more to do with this insane plan. He'd just donate everything to charity, maybe send it to NASA so that they could finally get off their asses and let the world start dreaming again. He shivered violently, the ragged coat not quite enough to keep him warm, and started as a screaming metal death-trap of a car stopped on the road next to him.

"Hey Mr!" the driver yelled. A young woman, not much to look at, had rolled down her window. "Hop in, I have the heat on!"

Another car stopped behind her on the narrow road, honking. She threw her car into reverse and backed up, just slightly. Jack hurriedly opened the door and scrambled in, blowing on his hands as the other driver yelled curses and insults and passed on by. "Don't you know you're not supposed to pick up hitchhikers?"

"Mister, I've seen you begging on the street corner outside my diner for the last week, and I got lucky on the slots last night. Besides, I'm packing and vaguely suicidal so if you tried anything you'd be going out with me."

Jack's head turns so fast to stare at her that his neck cracks, and she just shrugs. "Do I want to be in this car right now?"

"I mean, if you don't want the hundo AND the free meal, I could just drop you off here with the hundo."

"Aren't you worried I'm a hustler?"

"If you're a hustler you're a shitty one, no hustler would risk their lives in this white bullshit. Or at least only the stupid ones would. Do you want the food or not, man?"

"No, but if you could take me up to Siever Street I'd appreciate it."

"Siever Street? Dude those rich assholes won't give you a penny."

"Trust me, alright?"

Jack genuinely laughs as he gets buzzed into his house, planning out the will he'll leave her as a tip in a few days. 'Rich asshole' indeed.