[It would appear that I'm a few hours late. Oh well.]

   After a while, television starts to get pretty boring. Shows are getting more and more predictable by the week. Scripted stuff is just so boring compared to on the fly stuff like much of the internet. This is why I stopped paying for cable channels and spent the little extra money a month on extra internet programs and subscriptions. 

   Some of my favourite websites are YouTube, Twitch, and Reddit. I especially love Reddit because you get to see people showing who they really are. I spent most of my time that I was at home on Reddit scrolling through subreddits looking for something interesting. 

   Today, though, I couldn’t find anything interesting on my favourite subreddits; they’d fallen into the same hole as TV, they were too predictable. Just the same stuff every day.

  So, I did what I always do when I get bored, I clicked the ‘Random Subreddit’ button. I was expecting something boring to come from the first click, something like a fandom subreddit or a cooking subreddit, but I got something that managed to catch my interest. It was a subreddit called ‘Following David.’ I found it interesting because David is my name and I couldn’t think of any living celebrities named David.

  While scrolling through the posts I saw things labeled things like ‘David at McDonalds #95’ from yesterday, ‘David at the bank #19’ from last week, and the weirdest one, ‘David out on a walk #27’ from three hours ago. 

   “What the hell?” I whispered. 

   These were all things that I had done; this was a page dedicated to me. I continued to scroll through and saw frequent posts about things that I had done spanning from me going to work, to what stores I visited, and almost everything in between. 

   I don’t know how long I scrolled through the posts, but I eventually made it to the earliest post by the creator of the subreddit, Ficall57, it was from four years ago and was welcoming people to the subreddit. The first post of me was labeled ‘David moves into a new house.’ 

   My cursor hovered over the post for a minute or two, waiting for me to regain my courage and click the mouse. I was scared to see how detailed this post was going to be, but my curiosity got the best of me, so I clicked the text.

 
   "Hello everyone. I figured since I started this SubReddit, I should be the first person to post on it. So let’s start with the most recent big thing David’s done: Moving into a new house." 

   There was a picture of the house I’d just moved into at the time.

   "David has been looking for a house for quite a few months now. He’d been living with his parents for the past few months while looking, getting some help from his friend, Ethan. His parents gave him a couple thousand dollars to help him pay for the house. David looked at over a dozen houses before he decided on this one. It’s obviously not very big as he didn’t have a lot of money to spend on it, but he seems happy with it. He drove up to the house in a gray 2009 Scion tC with Ethan in the passenger seat. The two got out of the car and moved the few boxes that David had in the back seat into the house. There were boxes labeled things like ‘Video Tapes’ and ‘Video games.’ After a few minutes of the two moving boxes into the house, the actual moving truck showed up, with his father driving the large truck. The three men moved everything that was in the back of the truck into the house. Boxes, furniture, two mattresses, everything that was in the back of the truck. They spent about an hour or two setting everything up, like television and getting furniture into the position that both David and Ethan liked. When they were finished, it was nearly twilight, so David’s father said his goodbyes and left the two friends to handle the rest of the set up on their own." 


   After I finished reading, I sat back in my chair, head tilted so I was staring just above the computer screen. 

   “How the did they see all this without me knowing?” I asked. “How do they know who I am? Or even my family?” 

   My curiosity peaked again, prompting me to leave the post to find another. I scroll for a while before I find one in the middle named ‘David Finds an Apartment.’ I clicked on the post and was met with a picture of me shaking hands with my current landlord with text under it that read, "Hurray for David!" 

   This post was made obvious that it wasn’t from Ficall57 before I even looked at the name of the person who posted, J4zzV4ult. This was quite lazily posted with the intent of getting the word out fast; no background information, no current information, just a picture and a three-word sentence. I looked through the few comments that were all about congratulating me. 

   I clicked out of the post and began looking through the rest. I found it weird that there were no comments or posts or anything questioning the reason for this subreddit to exist, everyone just participated without questioning. After a few minutes, I made it back to the top and noticed that there was a post from only a three minutes ago, posted by Ficall57. It was named ‘David finds our SubReddit.’ Interested, I opened the post.
 

   "Hello everyone. As many of you may know, this is the four year anniversary of this SubReddit. Within those four years, we have collected so much about the man of the hour, David Finch. As if this wasn’t enough of a reason to celebrate, I have even better news. David has finally discovered our SubReddit dedicated to him. As expected, he does seem to be a bit confused and weirded out, but I’m sure he’ll come around and see just how much we all love him and his life. And David, if you are reading this, which I know you will, hope you have a great rest of your day. :)"
 

   The post ended with a picture of me sitting at my desk looking at my computer screen. It looked like it had been taken by the small window to my right. I reached over and opened the window, screen and all, then poked my head and looked around. From what I saw, it did not look like anyone had been anywhere near the window. I closed the window and locked it. 

   I proceeded to go around my apartment and lock every window I had and both locks on the front door. 
   Once I was sure that everything was locked, I sat back at my computer and went back to the list of posts. There was one at the very top that was posted twenty seconds ago by Ficall57 named ‘David freaks out.’ I opened the post and saw only a picture of me walking through my apartment and locking a window. There was one thing about this picture that separated it from the other, it was from inside my house. 

   Not knowing where the intruder could be now, I shut off my computer, grabbed my phone, and locked myself inside my bathroom. 

   I got off the phone with the police several minutes ago then started writing this. I’m not sure what to do as I’ve never heard of something like this happening. I’m not even sure what the point of the subreddit’s existence was. So, I think I’m just going to sit in my bathroom until the police come and handle the situation. 

   There’s a knocking at the door. 

   “Come on, David,” said a man on the other side of the door. “Why don’t you come out? I’m not gonna hurt you.”