It was so empty. I never imagined Hell would be this empty, it just made no sense to me.

I have been walking for what seemed like eternity, and I'm not sure if that's what it was, time seemed to be meaningless in here. All I could do was follow a distant sound, far away and yet so close, but I still didn't know what it was.

I came up to a hill, this time I was certain the sound came from here. I had no clue what I would find at the top of the hill. The one single person so bad they are the only inhabitant of hell. Besides *me*, and I didn't know why. I was getting closer, and I could finally make out the music. Blues.

When I got to the top I could finally see him, sitting there, playing his harmonica into the vast, empty land before him. He seemed pretty normal save for his red skin. He was sitting in the middle of what seemed like a stage, surrounded by a couple of electric guitars, a bass, and a drum set. I sat behind him and took the bass, trying to remember the little I knew from high school. I played one note, and he immediately turned around, cutting off the music. His eyes were like a snake's, looking at me, examining every detail, silently.

"Are you Satan?" - "You're not too perceptive, are you?" - "I think I'm perceptive enough." - "Not enough to see the great damn glowing stairway when you arrived, now you'll have to go all the way back." - "Why would I?" - "So you can get to heaven." - "What do you mean? Isn't this supposed to be eternal punishment?" - "Well, yeah, but you see, the thing is, God sat down and did some math, and he figured he killed more people than the entire combined strength of hell. The guy hates me, so he decided that instead of coming down here, they all deserved to go up there instead, even Adolf. Even all the damn *executives* were let loose." - "Then why are you still here?" - "I helped him with plenty of it. Besides, I like it here." - "If everyone gets up there, then why did I arrive here?" - "Heaven's not very good with logistics, they've only had to deal with a handful of people a century until the last few days. My guess is my helpers, the very first few to ever arrive, taught them how we ran things down here, and you probably slipped through the cracks. So, why don't you go up there, the staircase should close when you get to the top." - "And you'll be left here for the rest of eternity?" - "Sounds about right."

He turned back and started playing his harmonica again. I got up and headed towards the staircase. His music got louder. I came back. He looked at me, slightly surprised. "Still here?" - "I thought about it, heaven's probably filled to the brim right now, so I figured I would stay a while, if you don't mind." - "Sure, pull up a chair, have you own part of my empire of dirt." I sat next to him, playing a simple bass line, and listening to the beautiful sounds of his harmonica.

It's been quite some time now, but I never felt a need to get up so far.