"That's crazy!" my mother told me over the phone. "I don't understand, you're only staying at home and playing the video games all day long," she frowned.

"Thanks, mom for reminding me how bad my life is," I frowned in return.

"Oh dear, you know that's not what I-"

"Yeah, yeah, I get it. I'll call you back later, doctor calls," I quickly ended the phone call and entered back into the testing room. My mother can be annoying, but I do love her. To be honest, I am shocked myself that I have been close to ending 278 times. I don't understand how's that possible, but apparently, this machine or procedure cannot lie. Was it because I live near an airport, so occasionally something dangerous flies over? Or was it something different?

My stupid conspiracy theory brain started generating ideas straight away.

Even as I wonder about all of that, none of that makes any sense. "Bug," I whispered to myself. "Must be a bug," I repeated.

"So, are you ready to retake the test?" a man in full white clothing asked. To be honest, I don't remember his name. They all have for some reason stupidly hard names to remember.

"Go ahead," I replied and waited the usual half a minute.

"Umm," the man suddenly hummed.

"Yeah?"

"It's 279 now," he told me.

"What? Please, that's impossible. I literally just stepped outside for five minutes and came back in. How can my life have been danger in mere 5 minutes?" I laughed fakely while standing up and starting to rip off different wires from my skin.

"This machine is 100% correct. It has never been wrong. It just really means that your life was close to ending moment ago."

"I just told you," I started walking towards the exit, really frustrated, "that's impossible! The only thing that I said was... It must be a bug..."  I looked around the room and started shaking my head.

"Mr. John? Are you okay? You're looking pale..."

"This is a lie, isn't it?" I asked. I have thought about it before. Read through such conspiracy theories. "This world is fake isn't it?"

The man started laughing, but the laugh slowed down, and everything started to darken around me. It almost felt like time was shut down.

"It's just a bug," I said and laughed, but this time it had no effect - everything continued going darker, colder and slower until it all halted.

I guess this isn't 280th time.

----

/r/ElvenWrites