In the 21st century, things were different.

It was known to many at the time as the beginning of the end. Or so everyone thought.

Humanity, it seemed, had finally run out of luck. We'd seemingly come so far, and bested ourselves time and time again in progress. The world was changing at a drastic rate. We were no longer beholden to manual labor like before, the world gradually becoming more connected through trade and commerce and technology.

It is said that the implants we wear were something they only dreamed of back then. Travel was primitive and dangerous. Many strapped themselves in alloy boxes of all shapes and sizes and made dangerous journeys across land and sea and air.

While there were better ways to do things, we were yet to even dream of becoming what we are now.

We communicated by archaic means. And much was lost in translation. We were not always as fortunate as we are now. As such, languages and cultures divided us time and time again. History repeated itself in various forms as it always had. This was for better on occasion. But mainly for the worst.

Sure, the 22nd and 23rd centuries are known for their more chaotic nature, but to ignore the beginning would be foolish.

Years of turmoil had put the world at edge. And people abused their newly obtained communications frequently. As a result, a world that became more modern had also become more paranoid and afraid.

Automation had begun. And with it came the abandonment of the ideas of old.

Life was fragile to say the least. The average person only lived to be 75, if they made it that far. Many did not. Perhaps it was a life lived on the edge, as free will and risk were still sought after. Perhaps it was the opposite, having shut themselves away from the world; in an attempt to escape in another way. Many found no reason to continue on at all. Some even thought it amusing to pit one against another. To even watch them destroy all near and dear.

For you see, we never really changed.

From the time when we still used sticks and stones. And discovered fire or the wheel. Humanity was always reshaping itself. With the end of the world always looming in the darkness.

It is here we begin our tale. In a different place. Our homeworld from the beyond. Earth.

In the year of our lord, two thousand and sixteen...

---

Figured I'd B.S. a opening for this type of story. It's a little late.

r/Jamaican_Dynamite