She looked outside, three SWAT vans were stopped in front of her building. She had planned for this, for she knew the raid was planned two weeks prior. How, you ask? The Comissioner in the middle of her room, of course.


He was tied tightly to a chair, but it still wasn't his time. She stepped outside of her messy appartment inside the old baddly taken care building in the worst part of town. Just a few steps and there it was, the elevator. She wasn't sure if they would take it, but she would have a surprise, notheless.


A metal box held the door open, and a small plastic package stood in the middle of the empty and dirty elevator. A wire extended from the small package towards the floor panel and went under the button written twelve. She smiled, that had to work.


She pulled the metal box and the door closed, the numbers at the top of the door shone orange on twelve and started to slowly change to eleven and so on. That was when she heard the flapping of wings behind her. A single black feather blew to her side. She smiled.


"Why are you doing this, mortal?" A guttural voice sounded.


She turned and hugged the large black hooded figure. She felt it's bones inside the old torned out fabric almost, turning to dust over it, but still holding together through some force that she could not comprehend.


"All those years I counted." She played with one of her golden bangs, a bit shy to admit it. "You have to stay for, like, one minute before taking a soul. So I figured we could get some time together." She winked at it. "I'll keep you for a while today."


"Mortal... I will not slow my work because of you." Said the Grim Reaper. He slowly started to make his way to the stairs, when she held his left hand, the one not holding his scythe.


"Wait! I have a present for you!" She exclaimed in a pulse of joy. She pulled him towards her room, the door had been left open when she left. 


The Comissioner gave her a very angry and composed look, he seemed ready for anything that she could pull. Or so he thought. She picked a small metal tube with a sharp edge on one of its ends and stuck it on his neck in a single blow. Blood poured in gulps from its other end and the red angry face of the comissioner started to turn pale quickly than usual.


"Oh... I'm sorry sweety, I thought he was strong and would last longer than usual. I..." She spoke, when an explosion sounded on the first floor of the building. Her appartment shook, she giggled. "Told you I would keep you for a while here." She enlaced her hands in its, pulling the squeletal arm close to her.


The Comissioner's eyes grew wide with fear. _He can see now._ She realised. He tried to babble something, probably to bargain, but she knew how little patience her beloved had for these, so she had gagged him.


"COMISSIONER LUCAS HAWKSON. YOU HAVE LIVED A LONG AND WORTHY LIFE AS A HERO FOR YOUR COMMUNITY. WAS A LOVING FATHER, A CARING HUSBAND AND WRONGED FEW ALONG YOUR LIFE. I CONCEDE UPON YOU THE GIFT OF DEATH. GO IN PEACE." Sounded the guttural voice from every single corner of the small bedroom. The Comissioner's blood now flowed in small, shorter gulps. He blinked his eyes, the fear had gone away, maybe he smiled, she wasn't sure. Death extended its scythe and, with a single touch, the head of Mr Hawkson fell over its chest, now a noone.


A tear fell down her face. She never felt this much joy before. She tried to pull her beloved out of the bedroom but he wouldn't move. "You don't want to come downstairs? I'm sure there are a lot of people for you to take care of."


"I am to be here now." The sound came from under the hood, the same guttural, lacking emotions, tone as always.


"Oh, okey. We can wait together, then." She leaned agains his bony chest, for she knew his job was very important and, if he needed to be there, she would stay with him, they rarely had a chance to be together.


"I love you." She said, in a trembling tone. She held him tight and, to her surprise, its bony hands extended behind her back, pulling her closer.


"I love you too, SUSAN." Her named sounded like a thunder coming from it and this was the first time that he had been so sweet with her. She felt warm.


Her body trembled, the glassware she had around the room klinked as if the whole room shook unser his presence. She extended her hands and pulled down his hood. A shadow was under it, forming under its darkness a sillouette. She kissed it, and the shadow kissed back, or so she thought.


"SUSAN..." Its voice sounded.


"No... not yet... we have time..." She bargained.


Shaterring glass sounded on the rooms below, that and the sound of steel being stretched and brick being shattered.


"WILLIANS. YOU LIVED A SHORT LIFE..." It continued.


"But I had you all this time... since I was four..." She babbled, crying.


"YOUR LIFE WAS ONE OF VIOLENCE AND SUFFERING..." The bony grasp around her tightened, it calmed her heart to know that she would be with him till her end. "IMPOSED BY YOU AND UPON YOU. BUT YOUR LIFE WAS GUIDED ONE SINGLE FEELING, WHICH WAS A CURSED LOVE THAT COULD NEVER BE..."


"Don't talk like that... we are together here, it's ok." She pulled her head from its chest and faced the shadow, gently she pulled its hood over its head, hiding what was under it once again. She smiled towards it.


Something tore under her feet, in a moment her room was no longer straight and, in the following, she was falling, still holding its robe. Screams sounded under her, they did not respect their beautiful moment, but so were things.


"I CONCEDE UPON YOU THE GIFT OF DEATH. GO IN PEACE." The voice sounded over each scream, over each steel beam being tore and every window being shattered.


She felt the cold burning touch of its scythe against her head and, for a single moment, she felt it. She felt its kiss.