I sat in the chair of the interrogation room, silently. How could I possibly play this off? I had literally killed six men. When the man had thrust the ancient-looking scythe into my hands, I was so confused by the way he was suddenly there, then gone. I shouldn't have been so foolish. I glanced down at my plaid shirt, which was unbuttoned over my white tee underneath. Splatters and speckles of blood made little patterns. I wished I could rub the blood off... or try to rub it off... but my hands were cuffed to the table. "Common Procedure," they had called it, as if I had done nothing wrong. 

They found me standing over the last man, pulling the scythe from the gash in his neck. The thing was so heavy, it was a wonder I could lift it. I couldn't ever cut all the way through anything... or anyone. I just attributed that to my lack of strength. 

Though the tool was physically burdensome, it was beautifully crafted, most likely by hand. Delicate designs of fierce animals had been carved into the handle, and the blade was made of a metal that was extremely pretty in the right light. It looked very old, very valuable, and very powerful. Unfortunately, it didn't hold the exact power I had initially thought. 

But I probably should have known the man was a gardener, not the Grim Reaper. The scythe was probably Native American, passed down from generations. The man who had given it to me had tanned, leathery skin and dark hair and eyes. I wondered if they would bring him in to identify me. I hoped not. Maybe if I played it off crazy, then I could get off with a non-death sentence.

I heard the doorknob click and the door opened slowly. Two detectives walked in, sitting across from me. "Ma'am?" one with blonde hair and glasses said, and I suspected they wanted me to look at them. Did I have to? Would it make me look guilty if I did? Well, I suppose I already was guilty and they had caught me in the act, so there wasn't much I could do. I peeked up at them with my big sad eyes, trying to make them look as pretty as possible.

"Ma'am..." he repeated, "How did you know these gentlemen?" He pulled out pictures of all my victims and showed them to me. 

"Uh... I don't know..." I muttered. I really didn't. I had just seen them and thought it was their time.

"You don't have any idea how these six men are connected?" the dark-skinned man, who was more muscular but shorter asked skeptically.

I looked at the pictures more closely. The men did look somewhat familiar... but I honestly couldn't place them. "No, sir. I ... they look familiar... but I honestly ..."

"These are the Southtown Six, ma'am," the blonde interrupted.

My eyes grew wide. The Southtown Six were a group of six racist white men who would rape and gang-bang women, set fire to any institution that went against their beliefs, and so many hate crimes that it couldn't even be counted. But they had never gotten in trouble because of who they knew. They got off scott-free. But apparently not this time.

"Perhaps the Grim Reaper finally decided to give them what they deserved," the black man growled. 

I guess I did.