I couldn't live without my other half. People tend to think it strange that Jack and I are so close, even in this current year, but It's like I say everytime; a bromance isn't gay. Screw what everyone thinks, they could never understand our unique symbiosis.

Jack and I weren't always close, infact, he bullied me quite badly in highschool. He was a typical jock, tall, athletic and incredibly mascular with wavy blonde hair and a defined jawline. I was the opposite, scrawny and timid, I kept to myself due to my condition, which made me a prime target for bullying.

You see... I was born different. For some mysterious reason physics works differently for me. As a child my blanket lay on me as stiff as a board and I couldn't chew normal food, I'd break scissors trying to cut paper and break my siblings bones with only light touches. What some people might call a power, I call a curse.

Jack stopped bullying me after I saved his life. He was playing at being a hero at the train station one day, jumped onto the tracks to save a young boy. If I wasn't there to stand infront of the incoming train, Jack would have been spread thin over the rails. As the buttery steel of the train crumpled around me, a lifelong friendships was formed.



They say all clouds have a silver lining and in my experience it's true. My curse can easily hurt others by accident but now it could also be used to help others. This was also true for the cloud that darkened Jacks day. As active and athletic as Jack was, deterioration of his physical strength was the worst thing life could throw at him. Jack developed a rare condition that weakened and softened his bones, making rigorous physical activity very risky.

As I said there is one silver lining to this otherwise devastating news. This condition is what allowed our symbiotic relationship to flourish. Jack was one of the few people who's bones I couldn't break. Infact, it was almost impossible for me to hurt him at all. At this point we were inseperable and we would help each other get by. Jack would break the seal of my nutrient drinks, squirt out my toothpaste and do any other delicate tasks I couldn't do for myself while I would do the physical labour.



And so if anyone thinks our closeness is strange, they can jog on, because  I me and Jack need each other and are lucky to have  a the friendship we do. Once into a routine life was pretty normal. Well... Until we became a crime fighting duo... But that's a story for another day.



(My first attempt at writing anything since highschool. Hope it's passable.)