There is a point in my life when I thought that waking up in the same small bed every day, my body unchanging, my friends and family unchanging, even my surrounding staying in the same state not deteriorating at all; that something might be wrong. I faced my friend, all the stuff she told me sounded ridiculous, her blue eyes were looking at me with amusement, almost as if they were saying 'you only realized just now? you're so stupid Cherry! you dumbass!'

"Laura."

"Hm. yes, Cherry?"

"why are your eyes so mean?"

"Hmm, what?"

"Nevermind, is what you said true?"

"yes, you are a dumbass"

*ah, so it's not only her eyes that are mean, her mouth as well*

I got up from the bed and started changing, I didn't really mind her seeing me, not anymore anyway. I glanced out the window as I changed, it was a beautiful day just like any other, not a single cloud in the sky and the sun shining brightly in the center. Once I got out of my pajamas and into my casual clothes I faced her once again.

"How... did I got into a coma?"

"Ah, that, I don't think I should tell you that."

"...why?"

"it may disrupt this world and..." she said, a slight smile on her face "it may completely kill *us*, that is the opposite of what *we* want!"

"...you're lying" not many people knew this, but Laura always smiled when she was telling a lie, well, most of the time anyway.

"No huh!"

"Ya ha-" 

What the hell was I doing? I'm *technically* a 32-year-old woman! if my calculations are correct anyway. I had to find a way to get out of this, this place, no time for games anymore, Laura was no help, so I had to find my own way to do this, I approached the door an-

I was in my bed again, facing the white ceiling, my head hurt and a lot, I clutched my sheets and brought them to the lower part of my face, they were warm an cozy. like always.

"L-Laura" I groaned.

"She is not here Charlie, for now at least, you'll see her again tomorrow, good as new,"  my father said while caressing my head, his whole body becomes a blur and mom appears in his place "go back to sleep, sweetie. Laura was a really bad girl and she needs to be educated" my mother said, no trace of dad anywhere.

I hear a bark, Mr. Huggies jumps on top of the bed and licks my face, I pet his head and he closes his eyes, he always liked that.

"ah, so Laura *was* lying," I said, my voice muffled beneath the sheets "I knew it...she is such a meanie, always...bullying me..."

"Sweet dreams, Charlie." my parents said at the same time like they were one voice, and their smiley face looked 'split' no, not only their face but their whole body. Even so, I was too sleepy to think about it "don't worry, I'm sure tomorrow will be a much better day"

***

Some advice would be nice - [r/Onni21](https://www.reddit.com/r/Onni21/)
