He looked outside and though he did not know what he saw, he knew it to be vast, to be filled with *empty*, that promise of chasing life. And with a chance of coming up empty handed. 


*There is a life out there,* he thought.


And maybe that was how life had started. There had to be a start. He felt he was at some beginning, but also in the middle of it all. 


Around him stared others. One was an old man whose wrinkles were deep and whose hair was thin and whose voice was weak. Another was a young boy whose eyes were wide and hands in motion and with questions on his tongue. And the other was a man like him, neither old nor young, a man like any other, with very little about him other than his existence.


And the final one besides himself was a woman who looked like no other woman he had ever seen before. She had black hair, but its color was too dark, and her face was changing, always bronze like an old Egyptian statue, but changing as though he could only glance her.


He did not know any of them. He knew nothing but that his instinct felt robbed.


*I once knew,* he thought. 


And perhaps his memory could return. The old man stared at him and coughed. The young boy was still, though fitful. The regular man stood to the corner. The woman watched him with brown eyes.


*Someone should write a song about those eyes.*


No one spoke and he knew it was him who must speak.


"Who are you?" he asked. "Who am I? Where am I?"


And the other questions. They were the fundamentals of language.


"What is this? How did I get here? Why am I here?"


Outside the window were endless fields cloaked in yellow light, ancient light of some endless evening. There were roses there and other flowers too, some white and purple, and red and green. He imagined running through there, and something felt heavy inside him.


Something fit, but it did not fit completely.


"I remember running," said the old man. "I remember it was the start for us. I would run as a boy... I was once a boy... Yes I was..."


"I like to run! I always run when the sun's cool before the dark comes! Mummy says I run like a bat!"


The boy started running. Was the room always this color of the past? He looked around to familiarity, but yet strangeness persisted.


"Why am I here? Who are you all? Why do I feel so empty?"


"You do not feel completely empty," said the woman. "You feel an urge to run."


He looked out the window. There was breeze out for the roses were bending. And he imagined the cool upon his face, and he was the young boy then. 


But then his heart grew cold and stopped and he felt old and haggard and he was looking through the window but he was empty again. He felt like staying in. He looked away from the window and embraced the warmth of the place for outside was too cold. He looked at the man who resembled him but he was draped in a crimson shadow, a sticky shadow that seemed to cling to him.


"I don't feel to run anymore," he said. "Who are you? I have never seen..."


There were no words, only instinct.


"A woman?" she said. "I imagine you have in your life, haven't you?"


"I feel cold," whimpered the man neither old nor young. "Draw the curtains!"


And then he was cold, but cold in an okay way. For it was warm then, warm as a house is, and he knew he would feel better soon enough. The curtains fell and the place was dark with candlelight. This was a place of the past, but now an even more distant past. Here the woman was a bronze goddess whose shadow towered to the ceiling, but who was still small and kindly looking.


Something fit inside him, a melancholic feeling, and it did not fit completely. 


*I like to run, but I like to stay,* he thought.


"I'm bored!" cried the young boy.


"Who am I?" he asked. "I am tired of these games. Who am I?"


Then the man who was neither young nor old stared at him for an instant. His face was a mask of dried red, hidden in black.


"You! You look like me! Who are you?"


But the man was crying too much to care.


"He has made a big decision," said the woman. "He is in no position to answer any questions."


And inside his heart he felt conflict.


*I like to run, I like to stay. I like...*


Instinct flared, but not the words. He saw an image in his mind of a woman so pretty she could only be imaginary. But she was plain also, he knew, but not to him. She was unlike to dark haired woman, but her hair was black, and she was like him, and was her own person, and he felt that conflict manifest deeply in that image.


"I like somebody," he said.


"*You* love her!" cried the crying man.


Then he saw he was bleeding. His head was caked with red, and his arms and his stomach too.


"I love her! I love her! I love her!"


And that man had nothing. He had no feelings but that one strong one, and his heart held no conflict, but only that singular pain. 


"You are nobody," he said to him.


That was instinct again, for he knew the man was his mirror.


"I know," said the man.


He looked at the woman.


"Why is my memory erased? Why don't I know anything?"


"Why are you looking at me?" she asked. "Why must I have the answers?"


"Because they do not. They are *me*!"


The old man looked up.


"I never existed," he said.


"And I am long dead," said the little child.


"Only I am you," said the bleeding man. "Only we exist."


"And not anymore," said the woman. "For you made your choice."


He was cold. It was not that outside cold which chilled the bones, but the one in his belly, the one that swirled in a sea of *empty*.


"I... I am dead..."


She stared at him. 


"Why can't I remember? Why can't I..."


"You think your memories are yours? When you make a choice, all gets erased! Memories are only for rent."


"I... I am dead. I can't... I..."


There was conflict within.


*I like to run. I like to stay.*


And: *I love her.*


Why was there no happiness or contentment? And now there was only fear.


"I don't want to be dead," he said. "Please! Please oh God, do not leave me dead!"


The woman looked at him. 


"You did want to be dead," she said. "You wanted it badly. Now you beg for life?"


"I made a mistake! Please! Bring me back!"


"A mistake? Your heart is still conflicted. Were you to have life again, which would you choose? Would you be old and in your home, dreaming of lost youth? Would you be young, shallow and pleased, but always on the edge of existential fear?"


"What about the other?"


"Him? Would you be a fool and go back to your old life? Would you be empty but for a pining love? A love that forced you to death's door? To my door?"


He looked at the old man and the young boy and then at his mirror self who was bleeding badly and who was crying and in pain. He could hear a heartbeat in the room that came from that man. 


*I like to run.*


He felt that conflict.


*I want to stay.*


*But I always run.*


*Then I want to stay.*


And then: *I love her.*


That was instinct, and he knew instinct to be true. He knew only one of those men were alive, though his pain made him crave death.


*I love her.*


He did not know who she was. But he knew he would love her. And maybe he could keep her this time.


"I will choose my old life," he said. "For it is the only one true to me. It is the only one I know."


"And it is the one you decided to end."


"I will not make that decision again, lady of Death."


"I will not be here if you do."


He nodded and closed his eyes. He felt the wind through his hair. He was running through the fields. He feld the cold take him and then he was wrapped in a warm embrace. The heat melted and he felt a face near him and there were tears and crying and shouting and a big commotion.


*Conflict,* he thought, but his heart was still.


*I love her,* and that was more than instinct.


He was alive then, and he remembered much. 


*I love her,* he thought. 


He would make that his life.


-


*Hi there! If you liked this story, then you might want to check out my subreddit, r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including some un-prompted ones. Check it out if you can, and thanks for the support!*