I've not been scared for a long time now.

At first the silence was crushing.  It's not loneliness that is the problem, the entire world is now my isolation tank, I can close my eyes and in that quiet my brain conjures entire realities.  Friends, family, smiling and laughing.  In those moments I can even forget that tiny ever present crescent in the sky.

No, loneliness is fine, it's the silence of the living that gets me.  The others don't move anymore, haven't for an eternity.  Their eyes though, if I catch someones face I feel them staring back, baring their soul.  Not going to lie, in the early days I broke down more than once, yelling at those unrelenting faces to say something, anything, just please stop staring.

Can't be yelling at statues if I'm going to save the world though, so now I just carry blindfolds.

The reason I'm not scared?  I figure I can't be alone, even if I can't see them.  Someone...something wrote that message on my arm and in all this time they've looked after me.  On the hardest days when I tried to end it, when I did end it, I would slip into the darkness and the embrace of oblivion, before waking up again unharmed.  Seemed like a curse at first, but like everything in this new reality I adapted, and you haven't lived until you've skydived without a parachute.

Whatever, whoever did this, they have to be interfering. Physics just doesn't make sense anymore.  Take batteries.  The laptop I'm writing this on is my fifth.  I had to upgrade after the previous four were filled with my notes.  Never had to recharge, never went down from 100%.  They get warm though, in the dark their screens glow from photons shooting off.

The sun still warms my skin, I cast shadows on the ground outside, but the sun doesn't change either.  I've looked at it so many times I could draw it's layout of spots in my sleep.  Then again that isn't saying much, after this long I know the back of everyones hands.

The sun warms my skin, and the air is warm, but the sun isn't warming the air,  the lack of wind confirms that paradox.  If I take a magnifying glass to the ground the concentrated light bursts paper into flame.

I spent months doing those tests.  Didn't have any better ideas, certainly had no illusions I could pilot a rocket by myself, so why not document the physics of this reality.  Perhaps by establishing my realities rules I could discern something about those who kept me here.  Eventually I got bored and walked off, leaving my equipment where it lay.  Not like I have to worry about anyone stealing it.

I learned to fly a fighter jet, hope they didn't get too annoyed at the amount of times they had to bring me back during that, but everyone needs a vacation.

When I got back to my experiments I didn't notice it at first.  In this timeless reality there are countless objects caught mid air, what's another one.  It took me a few minutes to realise that the object eight feet off the ground was my notebook.  That couldn't be right, I'd left it propped up on the table.  I spun around, was someone here?  I caught a glimpse of movement and jumped back, heart beating.

Idiot, it was one of my mirrors.

That didn't explain the notebook though.  I paced around the table, looking where the notebook had stood.  Nothing stood out, just the annoying reflection of the sun into my eyes.

Wait.

Out of my pocket came a packet of tissues.  I tore the corner off one, propped it on the edge of the table and waited.

Waited.

Waited.

I got impatient and went for a walk.

I came back I don't know when.  Longer than the time to eat a meal, less than the time to learn the piano.  I hadn't worn a watch in a while, it's easy to lose track.

Eyes level with the table I stared at the tissue.  There was a good inch between it and the table, ever so gently pushed into the air by the suns reflected light.  Carefully, I picked up the mirror and rotated it, so it faced exactly halfway between the sun and that little crescent in the sky.

It took a while to find all the worlds mirrors.  Longer than the time to learn the piano, less than the time to move a world.  Took even longer to polish more of my own.  

Now I wait, staring at that little disc in the sky.


