The night was cold. Most of the city was asleep. The rows of houses intertwined to form shapes of letters such as E and T could barely be seen under the veil of darkness. There were a few exceptions, as always. The vampire kids and their distracting music with their seizure-inducing discotheque lights, the hobos and their fire-barrel contraptions and there were the stars.

Oh, and of course - there was the professor’s palace.

Although it’s meant to be well-hidden: behind a bridge, next to a *reeking* garbage dump, well, let’s just say that things aren’t always what they seem on paper. The amount of noise and lighting his decent – sorry, revolutionary – experiments would produce was enough to alert the government secret service once and he had to activate his self-defense carrot artillery turrets. But that’s a story for another time.

The amount of interesting colors and sound leaking out of the palace was just the tip of the iceberg of what was really happening. Inside, there is only mayhem. Projectiles of red, green and blue swirling in 360 degrees, reflecting from and to hundreds of thin metallic and glass surfaces. Various species of snakes, including the poisonous ones, protruded out of every hole and corner.

“Those are just the cables connected to BEHEMOTH-2000, you dummy!”, the professor sai-oh…

Deep inside the dungeon of all things magical and mystique, between the the-great-wall-of-china book shelves, sat…

“Beeeeeeeeeeeep. ONE UNREAD MESSAGE, PROFESSOR BORDOM.”

The professor’s best friend and calculator. His one and only.

“Computer, read the message out loud!”

My bad, it’s his best computer, not a calculator.

“You dummy, it doesn’t matter. Behemoth is still capable of adding two to two. Computer, calculate 2 plus 2!”

“Beeeeeeeeeeeep. ERROR: TWO VOICE FUNCTIONS ARE BEING RUN AT THE SAME TIME.”

The professor sighed.

“Read the message first then.”

“OKAY.”

“...”

“FROM: ALIENS@MARSMAIL.COM, TO: BORDOM@EARTHMAIL.COM.”

“The aliens, again.”

“MESSAGE SUBJECT: THE LATEST MARTIAN TECH MICROSCOPE NOW ON TRADE IN EXCHANGE FOR ONLY 5 HUMAN SPECIMEN AND 2 CHIMPANZEES (1 MALE, 1 FAMALE).”

The professor shrugged.

“I’m kinda busy right now.”

He glanced at a mess on his research desk and oh boy was it a mess.

“2 + 2 = 4”

The desk was real thick, made to withhold all sorts of matter and poisons. It was round, with a few jagged dents here and there. It was rough, been used for quite a while. It was also real big and I mean it when I say it.
It had various ‘levels’. Nine of them to be precise. Each one served a particular purpose. The first one was for generally harmless material, after all it was the closest to the professor, and since he had to bend to reach the more inner levels of the desk, he wouldn’t want his coat drenched in radioactive substance. A whole lot of scribbled-on paper was there and a whole lot of food leftovers. On the second level, the professor kept all the cylindrical and oblique chemistry equipment that was empty. It had been thrown about without any sense for order and some were even shattered with their shards still being there. That’s tolerable though, since the professor is a professor and not a janitor. He’d had a janitor once, but needed a human specimen for one of his exper-

“Ahem.”

He had to fire the janitor. Couldn’t afford him. The professor is a poor man – nobody dare acknowledge his out-of-this-world discoveries - and had to spend all his personal savings and energy for the good of the man kind. Such a poor soul. I say we start a petition for a holiday called “The Day of Bordom”. It would be on the first of January, celebrated instead of-

“Alright, alright! Computer, tell the aliens that I accept the offer and that I’ll be awaiting their space-shipment ASAP!”

“OKAY.”

“Oh yes, I almost forgot.”

Not all of the palace was used for carrying out groundbreaking research. There was a jarringly ‘normal’ part of the palace somewhere in it. The professor almost never visits it, so he forgets its whereabouts. So do I to be honest! It’s been a while. Man. I missed this place so much! This part of the palace has a kitchen, a living room, a bed room (if you’re wondering why professor doesn’t spend time here, it’s because he sleeps on BEHEMOTH-2000 and eats rats that he captures with some fun contraptions). There’s also a part of the quiet place where he keeps his chimpanzees. He needs them from time to time for occasions such as this. The aliens for some reason like experimenting on them, don’t ask me why (and if you’re wondering how he keeps them alive if he rarely visits them, it’s because – guess what – he’d made contraptions that supply them with bananas and water!). Now that the professor was in the ‘normal’ part of the palace, he made a few phone calls. Ordered five pizzas. From five different pizzerias in town. They’ll never see it coming.

“Hehehe.”

Someone rang at the door.

“So soon!?” The professor dashed to grab his STUN-GUN-2000 and some rope.

“I’m coming!”

The professor opened the door and lo and behold it was not a pizza delivery man outside. It was an alien.

“Oh, it’s you…”

“Greetings from Mars, human Bordom.”

“Yes, yes, greetings and all the jazz. But-uh you came too early, so you’ll have to wait a bit.”

“I understand. You humans still have a lot to learn, until you manage to move at the speed of light as we do.”

“So, uh, can I see that microscope you said you had for me?”

“Indeed! Let me first introduce myself, however. My name is Ka3jr9qOa4rtl.”

“Ugh. Nice to meet, you K… something… you already know my name.”

“Indeed, human Bordom.”

“Now, let’s see it. The microscope.”

Ka3jr9qOa4rtl moved one of its bigger pink tentacles behind and then brought it back carrying a brown cardboard box. The professor squinted at it. On it were big alien sign-language letters and he wasn’t able to understand any of it, no matter how hard he stared. There was a small picture of him at the bottom-right corner of the left side of the box though, and right next to it, English: “HUMAN LANGEUAGE: MARTIAN TECH”.

“Interesting. Mr. K… Can I call you Mr. K?”

“Of course you can. Whichever way you desire, as long as our communication channels are without an undesirable amount of interference.”

“Yes, yes. Mr. K, then, I happen to notice that there is a printing mistake on this cardboard box you gave me. It says LANGEUAGE with an E too many.”

Ka3jr9qOa4rtl got startled.

“A mistake?! Oh, my. The Martian queen will be devastated.”

“What is more, I can sue you for this, and you won’t like it.”

“Indeed, human Bordom. Perhaps we could achieve a certain form of a compromise.”

--continues in the next comment--

EDIT: had to fix the formatting (this is my first writing prompt reply, sorry)