Almost immediately vomit poured from my mouth, the feeling is similar to waking up after a long night of drinking. My heads pounding, my visions blurred, and the soreness in my body is almost intolerable. I was aware of these side-effects but like anyone whose determined to get something done, you ignore the dangers. My vision is becoming more clear and my body is feeling much better, the headache is quite the opposite though, still pounding. I climbed to my feet, and analyzed my area, I seem to be in a wooded area, redwoods, I assume somewhere in the California region, maybe oregon, not sure, all drops randomized. 
    Of the course the U.S. government only included America in the prison, I don't think our country has ever been so conceited, but in our leaders words 'We worked hard to have this'. Working for the state is the only way to make a living these days, when I was young I always wanted to join the force, but these days I almost regret my ambitions. Too controlling, and much too serious for my taste, I almost swear Cheif is an android, but saying anything like that aloud will have me on this world for different reasons. The world is ultimately referred to as The Prison, the idea came from an old world writer, James Hatburn, out extremist leaders learned of the idea and latched onto it harder than the American Wall. The idea is that prisoners of high danger are dropped into the prison, with no supplies, the world is designed after what the country would've looked like before human development. Animals, and other living beings are included as well. Damaging the world is impossible as it is entirely organic, it's size is 10,000th the size of earth, just large enough to fit into earths orbit without causing worldly catastrophe. Our government hired a well known company space and aeronautics company to take on the project, costing nearly 90 Billion dollars. Americans were outraged our government was willing to spend so much on our prison system, many believed it was just to make more room for their own benefits, not to help reduce crime or fear in our country. Europe envied our plan though, saying it was 'the smartest thing we'd ever done'. Besides Europe other countries opinions were neglected and deemed unimportant, especially considering most stood in rubble. We used the destroyed cities of Mexico to build the Prison. 
     
