"I can't see anything," complained Professor Martine over the roar of the chopper's blades. The fog had swallowed the helicopter almost as soon as it had entered the Triangle, and yet it flew blindly onwards. There was little point in turning back -- death likely waited for them in front, but it was without a doubt waiting behind. Martine could almost feel the scythe chasing after them through the air.

"You'll know when we find it," Leuitentant Daniels replied into his headset. The roiling fog spilled into the vehicle itself, veiling the pilot from the two passengers in the back. There was a smell to the mist now. Acrid. Like rotting fish.

"Do you think it can hurt the invaders?" Martine asked. "Please, tell me the truth. If humanity is damned, I wish to know."

"When we first found the creature," Daniels replied, "we tried to fight it. Big fucking mistake. That thing destroyed three of our aircraft carriers in seconds. It plucked them out of the ocean and snapped them like twigs. Then, it swallowed them."

Martine gulped. "But you defeated it eventually. Right?"

Daniels' grinning face was barely visible through the spiralling plumes of fog. "We surrendered, Professor."

"You... can't have surrendered. The US military wouldn't surrender to some... *supernatural* creature."

"It wasn't just the US. Besides, what choice did we have? It survived a God-damned nuclear strike. All we did was piss it off."

"It... I..." Martine stuttered. "How come I have never heard of this before? A major military incident like that. And how come this creature never destroyed a mainland area?"

"We made a pact with it."

"A pact?"

"Yeah. A deal. A plea, really. A dead man's bargain."

"I know what a pact is," replied Martine, taking off his glasses and wiping them against his knitted sweater. The helicopter was just as fogged up, when he placed them back onto his nose, as it had been before. "What was this pact, exactly?"

"Do you really want to know?"

"Of course!"

Daniels sighed. "People go missing, Professor. Not just in America, but all over the world. People go for a walk, or a drive, maybe get on a bus, and... they're never seen again."

"Please don't tell me the government has anything to do with that."

"You wanted to know!" replied Daniels, holding up his hands.

"I don't want to know anymore!"

"Whatever you say, Professor."

The two men sat silenty, peering out of the opened doors into the blanket-fog beyond, until the fog itself began to change. The cloud-white became gradually darker, as the helicopter pressed on, until it was almost a raven grey. The dark tendrils wrapped around their necks like nooses.

"We're getting near," said Daniels.

 "If this...*thing* really exists," Martine began, "why would it even help us?"

"Because Professor," said Daniels, swallowing back a laugh, "if we went extinct, it would lose its favourite food source."

"Jesus Christ." 

The helicopter pressed on as the two men sat in silence. Then, as quickly as it had come, the fog suddenly dispersed. 

"Oh great, you're still there Professor," said Daniels, grinning. "Thought you might have jumped. I wouldn't have blamed you one bit."

"Leuitentant," buzzed the pilot's voice into the men's headsets. "We've got clearage. A break in the fog."

Daniels unclipped his belt and leaned out of the door. His black hair and green shirt were whipped into a fury by the wind.

"What are you doing?" asked Martine.

"This is it. Drop the Coffee," instructed Daniels to the pilot.

"Roger. Coffee being delivered."

"Coffee?" Martine enquired.

Daniels jumped back into his seat and buckled up. "You might want to hold on professor."

"I don't understand."

"The bomb's a pretty big one. Bit of an aftershock -- plus, well, she doesn't like to be woken up early. Now, hold on tight, Professor, we're either about to save humanity, or we're about to end it!"



        