Manius Tullius Galeo shivered in his power armor. He glanced nervously at the faces of the other seven legionaries in the cramped confines of the Corvus-class assault pod. They were unperturbed, all weathered soldiers with multiple drops under their belts.

 
"Tulli," Decanus Cantia said, his voice tinny in the radio, "Relax. You look like you're about to explode." Cantia was in charge of Manius's contubernium, their squad of eight.

"First drop, Decanus" Manius replied.

"Nothing to worry about," Cantia said, "Just a bunch of barbarians. This will be a cakewalk, nothing like the Persian campaigns."

Manius nodded uncertainly. A rumble, and the pod jerked forward. He swallowed nervously.
"Ready for drop," Cantia called out on the general frequency.

"Ooh-rah!" seven voices replied.


Thump! The pod detached from the troopship. A second, and then Manius was pressed down into his seat as the retro-rockets kicked in. There were no portholes in the pod, but he knew from the briefings that the rest of tenth cohort, Legio CXXI, were scattered around them. Sixty pods dropping onto a hostile planet. The rest of the legion closely behind.


When the retro-rockets cut off, Manius called up the briefing document once again. He had it memorized, of course, but it would distract him from the violent shaking as the pod entered the atmosphere. The tenth cohort was tasked with clearing out a beachhead so that the legion's armor could land in the assault shuttles. Right about now, the quinqueremes in orbit would be raining railgun rounds down on the enemy, keeping their heads down while the tenth dropped in. 


The shaking stopped. Seconds ticked by, then the retro-rockets kicked in once again, followed by a bone-shaking thump.

"Move, move, move!" Cantia shouted.

Manius rushed out the portal that opened in the side of the drop pod, battle rifle in hand. They'd landed in a small park. The nearby buildings were are pounded into rubble. His faceplate lit up with symbols marking hostile positions. He reacted instinctively. Rifle up, snap a burst towards the nearest symbol. Manius saw a helmeted head disappear behind the rubble of a nearby building. The hostile icons slowly winked out.


They moved out from their landing spot, going house to house clearing out the enemy. Manius heard the roar of the shuttles a half hour later. By the time the tenth had been relieved by the second cohort, they had only taken ten casualties. The barbarians were surrendering in droves.


Manius stood by the side of the street, watching Gladius tanks roll off the shuttles.

 "What will happen to them?" he indicated the group of prisoners.

Cantia shrugged, "Some will be drafted into the auxiliaries and sent to fight against the Sassanids."

"The ones that won't fight for Rome?"

Cantia bared his teeth, "The coliseums always need fresh bodies. Slavery for the lucky ones."

"Won't they rebel?" Manius asked.

Cantia shook his head. "The scientists have a serum that inhibits aggression. And I've heard rumors of genetic engineering."

Manius stared at him. "A race of slaves."

Cantia nodded, "Would certainly stop these endless revolts."

The Centurion passed by. Cantia and Manius saluted.

"Gloria Romae!"
