"It's too late, he can't be saved... I'm sorry."

As soon as those words roll out everything slowed to a crawl. I could see the shock on my mother's face as she held her breath, the anger from my father as he protested, unwilling to accept the truth. The relief from my friends and classmates who had just received their vaccine.  I looked up at the vacant and bright blue sky looming above me, the summer sun capering over the canopy of trees, and the sound of the birds chirping a song. It was a beautiful day. All was simply well - except for one thing. 

I was a zombie. 

"No! Ple-please don't!" my mother pleaded as she tugged at the soldier's arm. 

"Ma'am, please move aside."

"Hey! Let's be rational, maybe the vaccine can - hey! Don't you point that thing at my son! You hear me?!" 

"Ew, there's something leaking out of his eyes."

"And his ears too."

"Dude, this guy is turning green. Maybe we should kill - ahem, I mean put him out of his misery, you know?"

So this is it, huh. The end of the road. The end of the line. The end of my fucking life. 

I was only a high school student who would soon graduate. I had a whole world of possibilities ahead of me. A world that I was just getting ready to grasp in my finger tips and now it was all coming to an end. I looked down at my hands, now slightly discolored, the veins and arteries more apparent. It was only a shallow wound, a nip on the small of my back, but it was enough. 

"Luke? Brah, you don't look too good brah. Should get out of the sun brah, maybe that'll do ya some good."

My vision waned, the world becoming more bleached and hazier with every second. But of course, I could still recognize my good friend Tyrone.

I nodded at him weakly, then gave him my best smile.

"OMG, he's hungry!" 

"He's going to eat us!"

The soldiers stepped forward, trying to pacify the crowd. "Calm down! Everybody calm down and step away from the kid!"

"Can't you fucking see? Luke's a fucking zombie, just kill him already," a student voiced his opinion. 

No one disagreed, other than my parents but it seemed like the general consensus. 

Is this how it ends? I clench my hands in futility and frustration. 

"Whew, so glad I wasn't too late. Poor luke." 

I blinked a couple times, but no tears came. I prayed and hoped that this was all a dream. That if their was a god *somewhere* out there, he would make this a dream. Or a nightmare. Something that wasn't real. 

Then I saw her. My childhood crush. The girl of my dreams, and it was only yesterday that we finally became a thing. 

"I'm so sorry Luke, but I'm breaking up with you. I don't date zombies," she turned around, whipping her luscious blond hair at the air and sauntered over to her next prey. 

I don't know if I can cry, but if there was any moment to, it would be now. 

A soldier stepped up, his rifle calmly trained on my head. There was no hesitation in his eyes. 

"Sorry kid, but any last words?" he asked. 

I opened my mouth to speak but only managed to sputter zombie gibberish at the crowd.

"What?" the solider asked as he cocked his head to the side. 

"*He said he wants to live*."

I nod my head vigorously. 

"What? Who said that?" the soldier asked, confused. 

A girl stepped out of the crowd. She was a very ordinary and unmemorable girl, who I couldn't put a name to and yet, I found her suddenly very familiar.

"*Luke wants to live*!" she shouted mirthfully and then she leaped into the air, soaring towards the soldier. 

I blinked, as I watched the carnage unfold before me. 

Then I remembered. Yes, it was all a dream indeed but it wasn't entirely fiction. That if there was a god out there, he had surely heard me because I was alive. 

"Luke? What do you want to eat today?" asked the girl who saved my life. 

I sputtered some zombie gibberish, and then smiled. 

"Okay!" 

I limped after her, trying my best to keep up with her pace. It wasn't easy being a zombie after all. But, yes, Zombies can have dreams too. 

---------
-------

/r/em_pathy


