     The flight headed to Tennessee was delayed and with my notorious luck I was bumped up to first class on the sequential flight. 
     In my head I figured this was just another lucky day, like when I was a child and an alligator snuck into my parents pool. It was my brothers birthday and my parents hosted a pool party. Along the deck we had cake, presents and friends all lined up watching my brother, Tommy, take the first dive into the water. We even had score cards all marked with the number 10 for when he resurfaced, all except one card which held a 0 for Jimmy, who we all hated, but his mother was for whatever reason a friend of our parents.
     Tommy jumped twice on the board, arched his back in mid air, touched his toes with his fingers and then landed hand first into the water. We waited for him to resurface so we could throw up our scores of unanimous tens. 
     When he finally popped up, he shook the water off of his hair and looked over at us. We all had our scores raised high and cheered his name, that is until a gator broke through the fence and scurry into the water.
     Tommy saw our faces drop as we watched the gator race toward him. Tommy was frantic and tried to swim to the edge, but in his craze Tommy could barely move at all through water. 
     Without thinking I jumped in to piss filled pool, right on top of the gator and with my small 8 year old elbows I crushed it’s skull. I still to this day don’t know how it I was able to hit it at just the right angle but I do know that is my fathers favorite story every thanksgiving. 
     That was the day I defeated a monster, I could bore everyone with the tales of my forced enlistment. I’ll never forget that day I opened that letter from president Trump. “I am writing to inform you, in relation to your liability, to call-up for National service, that you are required...” 
     My mother cried when I handed her the letter, my father shook his head in lamented understanding. My brother told me that I was the best man he knew right before I left, I cried when he said that. 
     I had scored highly on my SAT’s and Uncle Sam must have known I was lucky because I was deployed on R-day, or as we called it, “our day”. My involvement in operation Siberian storm was brief and if I didn’t have every angel in heaven watching over me I would’ve been murdered by the commie spies who found themselves in my company. 
     I don’t know how I survived the battle and I don’t know why the papers refer to me as a hero. I was lucky that private Kovalov’s gun misfired and I was able to kill him, I was lucky that the enemies in my company trusted him with a clandestine mission and that I was rescued by a nearby platoon that heard fired shots in the middle of the night. And I’m also lucky that the half baked operation was a success due to the enemy’s lack of military prowess. Everyone thinks I’m a hero, they think I helped win a pseudo-war but I know, and even in the next world Kovalov knows that I am nothing but a lucky soul.
     Here I am sitting in an airport in Florida, waiting for my delayed connecting flight, where I will be first class on the government’s dime, ha, reading an article about how proud my country is of me, because I am a presumed hero and not lucky, how lucky is that? 