"Listen, Mike, it doesn't look good. The prosecutor is trying you for treason. That's a 9th ring offense. They will freeze you inside a lake with all the other worst offenders. You'll be locked up with the baddest of the bad, like Judas and Cain."


"That actually doesn't sound so bad. I thought hell was all about burning alive and being tortured for eternity."


"They freeze you in silly positions and the devil laughs at you from the center of the lake."


"That only sounds mildly embarrassing."


"It's worse than it sounds. Trust me, you don't want it. I'm aiming to get you a plea bargain for greed, a fourth circle offense, by saying that you were just in it for the money and never intended to collude with a foreign government. In the fourth circle, you'll basically just sumo wrestle with the other inmates while carrying heavy weights."


"Are you joking? That doesn't sound like much of a punishment."


"They're really heavy weights. You have to lug them around everywhere you go. It's super inconvenient, but I'm glad it sounds tolerable, because that's probably the best case scenario for you. We'll likely have to settle for a sixth circle offense, heresy. While you technically never committed heresy, it's just how negotiations work."


"What goes on in the sixth circle?"


"You'll be trapped in a flaming tomb."


"Jesus!"


"Actually, that's where Epicurus is. You should stop saying Jesus' name in vain, too. It's somewhat of a sixth circle offense."


"That one sounds much worse than the rest. To be perfectly honest, I prefer the 9th ring. What are my other options? What happens in the seventh ring?"


"Violence? You don't want to go there. There's a lake of boiling blood, a forest that entangles you while harpies eat you alive, and fire rain."


"That's more of what I thought hell would be like. Is the eighth ring any better?"


"Actually the eighth ring, fraud, is hit or miss. You get to stay in a big city, but your punishment depends on your crime. Whores get whipped, flatterers walk around covered in feces, corrupt politicians are boiled in tar, hypocrites have to walk around in heavy robes, and thieves are eaten alive by reptiles."


"Some of those don't sound bad at all. I wouldn't mind walking around in heavy robes in a city full of whipped whores."


"Okay, we'll try to get you in as a hypocrite."


"To be honest, that punishment scale doesn't make much sense. How is being covered in feces in the eighth circle worse than being trapped in a flaming tomb in the sixth?"


"Don't try to make sense of religion. Logic will land you back in the sixth ring."
