"Maybe in this castle we'll be safe," she thought to herself, "maybe we won't have to run again."

It had been so long since she had felt safe. So long since the running had started. So far they had travelled together, he had kept her safe as she fled to find another haven. So many worlds they had discovered, and fallen in love with, only to have to run again. Couldn't those heroes (ugh, what an incorrect label), just stop and take the hint. Clearly she didn't want to be rescued, she just wanted to be left alone, with her best friend, her ONLY friend, at this point, thanks to those annoying pesks.

So she began to set up house, and after a few weeks had passed, Bolthezar and Tolde arrived finally. Bolthezar looking a little worse for wear. "Don't tell me," she sighed, "unless he is dead." Bolthezar's face dropped, and he turned away. "I will set up the barricades," and he began to leave. "WAIT!" She cried, "Come, rest tonight. We can make the arrangements tomorrow."

He stopped, and came back. She led him over to the veranda, from previous experience she knew he wouldn't want to be anywhere near a fire at this point. She quickly went, and grabbed some food and drinks, and set out a table. Tolde joined as well, and they all sat in silence, a general discontent settling over the trio.

"This is a good location," Bolthezar said, after some time had passed, "it was empty?" She shook her head, of course not. Tolde clucked his displeasure, even though he too knew that this was the eighth world, the last line of defense. There was no where else to go after this. The conversation they had all been avoiding could no longer be put off.

"This hero and his brother have been relentless," she began, "I think it is time. I need to stop running." Bolthezar looked up sharply, and Tolde started, but she put up a hand. "You two have been so good to me all this time, and so faithful. But there is no other option. This ends here. We shall make the final stand tomorrow, and if he still defeats you, he will have earned his prize."

"My princess, I must say, even though this has been a very exhausting journey, I am grateful and so very blessed to have been able to travel the worlds with you, and I wouldn't trade this time for anything. And as to these pursuers, it seems that they may yet be worthy. They have defeated every challenge I have pitted against them, and have never lost hope, no matter how many times Tolde tried to turn them away. They may yet be worthy to take my place as your protector." Bolthezar shifted, as he spoke, and she could see the weariness in his movements. Yes it was time.

"Dearest Bowser," she used the name she had christened him in her youth, "I will always treasure you and my wonderful, enigmatic Toad." They all had a chuckle at her words. Then Princess Peach paused for a moment, "but how do I choose, having never met either, how will I choose between two PLUMBERS? It seems so unbelievable to be true."