August 4th, 2218
The crowd gathered around in the Comm hallway.  Technically, they were Department Lieutenants and Prefecture Managers and had a right to be there, but all of them were away from their duties and were anxious to hear what the captain had to report.  The captain came out.

"Okay, everyone, I've spoken to the Governor of the colony."  The captain carried a smart paper which was filled with notes.

"Captain!  There is a colony there?"  The Lieutenant of Water Cycling.

"Yes, they're called Chisana Hana.  It's Japanese for Little Flower.  The colony is about 75% Japanese, and the rest are Australian and American.  Most of them speak English and everyone has translation software, so we won't have too much trouble assimilating.  Governor Tokugawa seems like a nice enough man himself, and we're going to speak soon about food rationing.  They've got more than enough to live off of, but an influx of new colonists will make things tight, given our numbers.  Everyone is going to have to work hard and make themselves useful."  Captain Olric sighed.  "Any questions?"

The officers knew the drill.  They looked at each other while they raised their hands.  Each was calculating the odds that they were asking the same question that others would ask. Some huddled together in groups and whispered to prepare their questions.

A hand was pointed at.

"Captain, why didn't we know about this?  How long have they been here?"

The captain glanced at his notes.
"Governor Tokugawa says he is the third governor.  Each has served for 4 years.  This place is 11 years old already.  They only left Earth 22 years ago.  These people are the same people who left on their ship, the ICS Otsuki.  I gathered that that means moon.  They had 44 children born en route, and another 59 since landing.  Total population is now 1340."

"Captain, did you say ICS?" The lieutenant of engines was asking but had already interpreted it in his head.

"Yes, the International Confederated States.  They're a more recent political organization on Earth.  They have most of Asia and a few African and European member states.  They were formed about 50 years ago.  Things have changed.  We'll all catch up.  Don't worry."

January 1st, 2294
"Hey there.  Happy New Year?  Tabetaidesu?  Okonomiyaki?"  Manzo scraped his spatula on the griddle and wiped away a few indeterminate bits of fried food.  A pretty girl caught his eye, though she may have been looking more at his holoneon of a dancing okonomiyaki.  She was Australian looking.  The computer around her neck was set to low volume but he still heard it say "would you like to eat?" and "pancake ".

"Oh, I'm not sure.  What is it?  Sorry, I'm a southsider." Lynn was embarrassed and nervous.  It was her first day in Mijima.

"Hey no problem.  It's a pancake with vegetables and a fried egg.  Oishi.  Lot of flavor.  Only one eighth of snack ration. Southsider cards are okay here."

"One eighth of snack?  That seems really cheap."

"Street food counts as one eighth.  It's an economic incentive.  It's a good meal.  You'll be full.  Good breakfast."

"Oh, okay.  You have eggs, huh?  I've never had eggs before."  She sat down on a stool in front of the griddle.

"No egg?  Never?"  

"No.  My parents were vegan.  It fits over at southside.  The ground is good and they never had animals to start with."

"Oh yeah.  I heard about this.  Well, we used to have no egg for okonomiyaki, which I suppose would have been surprising for my forebears.  But my mother has imported chickens.  We have a roof farm upstairs.  Pretty good."

"Oh my God! You have chickens? That is amazing. The only birds I've seen are the wild birds released for the ecosystem work."

"Yes.  Wild bird eggs are illegal to eat, but you wouldn't want them anyway.  Chicken eggs are much tastier.  Better flavor.  Are you vegan?  I can make it without egg."  He ladled some batter onto the grill and smoothed it out into a disc.

"No, I'll try it.  Is it gross?  I've heard eggs are sticky."  Her mouth watered at the rapidly cooking pancake and the good smell it gave off.  It wasn't like pancakes exactly, but was similar enough to be comforting but different enough to be exciting.

"No.  Eggs are not sticky if cooked.  They are floppy.  But not sticky.  You visiting?  Vacation?"  He grabbed a handful of cabbage from a bowl and placed it on top of the pancake, then topped that with bean sprouts.  His motions were precise, but like an afterthought.  She imagined he must have done this so many times that he could do it without thinking.

"No.  I'm here for University.  I'm on my way to American University."  She had a tuition grant under the Argent Agreement.  The University was new, established by the American University Foundation.

"Oh.  Your grandparents were Argent?"  He added some soy strips to the okonomiyaki and topped it with a noodle patty. Then cracked a real chicken egg onto the griddle and expertly smeared it into a perfect circle of yellow and white, only slightly blurred together.

"Only on my dad's side.  My mum's family are all Australian."

"Ah, you are child of two colonies?  That's good, they say.  It's supposed to be good for diversity.  Maybe you will marry a Japanese man for more?"  She blushed.  He reined in his smile, afraid that he appeared too forward.  "Oh, I only mean as a joke.  Sumimasen."  He scooped up the now thick layers of food and placed it onto the frying egg.  Each layer would be delicious on its own, but together it worked better.

"No, it's okay.  What's your name?"

"I am Manzo.  And you are?"  He flipped the okonomiyaki upside down with a deft maneuvering of twin spatulas.

"I'm Lynn.  Nice to meet you Manzo."

He poured some brown sauce on top of the okonomiyaki and brushed it all over with a silicone brush, then pushed it across the griddle to her, the first of many.  She cut off a piece and ate it. It was perfect.  She'd never had anything like it before.

"How is it?  Do you like it?"

"How do you say delicious in Japanese?"

"Oishi."  His nervousness faded.  He smiled again.

"Oishi, Manzo. Oishi."