How do I begin my sordid, brutal tale? How much time do you have? I doubt you'll believe how many years I've seen, even compared with your current set of deities in your various religious institutions, so you see it appears I have more time than anything, and, given my current state of affairs, in a cell large enough only to tie my hands to the top corners, in a chair, it would seem time is the only thing remaining to me. This is nothing, Hammurabi had a particular flair for punishing people. Sennacherib himself had me kneeling at this strange table with my arms straight out in front of me and split both my arms in two, but instead of removing them entirely they chained the lifeless flaps back together at the wrist and chained me to a rock and left me for dead.
  I had fed recently, however and spent the next decade watching his wondrous garden get constructed, not really battling the elements as much as observing them, my body slowly regrew and repaired bone, nerve and muscle, until eventually, I was able to move my fingers. They had my wrists chained, but nothing else on my body, and I was spread eagle with the chain going around the far side of the rock. I could rest my head against it when I felt like it, and when I could move again I simply flipped the chain up over the rock, it had been worn down enough by rains and a rock slide, and walked away.
  I had to feed recently, in what you would call 1965. But really every time the moon is in the center of six constellations I require sustenance, about every 1200 years.
  "So that's why you barbarically tore a virgin princess's brain and spine out at the madula oblongata?"
  Oh yes, you see, the level of simultaneous objectification and adulation combined with the privilege produces a bevy of chemicals that provide fuel for my metabolisms, it isn't very civil I admit, but the only way I can obtain it is to eat a virgin princess's madula oblongata and a few tiny bits of brain matter in secret locations.
  "I've heard some whoppers before... but you've been here five decades, you've out lasted anyone who's been charged with making sure you don't move. What sort of monster are you?"
  Monster is an ugly term. The only reference to the people who did this to me is only "The Ancients" and that they were. They were gracious enough to make sure my family had food and shelter for the rest of their lives in exchange for mine own. They strapped me down to a stone slab with ancient inscriptions engraved intricately around it, in a temple carved into a mountain that was on a spot of high magnetic resonance. They began to chant, I can't explain but after a minute or so of it getting progressively louder, the glyphs on the slab began to glow, so did my skin, although I didn't feel any heat. Then I was struck by lightning. There were no clouds, did they will it? I can't say. Their intentions were to use me as their guinea pig to use this method on themselves but they could never replicate it with themselves, as whenever one member couldn't add to the resonating frequency of the temple the spell wouldn't work.
  "You can't be serious."
  There are appropriate times for nonsense and times for candor. Which do you think it is?
  "We don't care, you butchered our princess, you'll be here as long as it takes."
  Greater men than you'll ever hope to be have told me the same thing for millennia.