As a student at McGill, the clinic up on the hill was less than ideal. There was always a lineup starting from the moment the clinic opened and did not guarantee seeing a medical professional even at the best of times.  The number of students seeking treatment for man-flu, pregnancy advice or a myriad of other physical ailments was far too many.  


Thus, I was in the ER branch of the Jewish General Hospital, awaiting my x-ray results. Being a stoic goalkeeper during an intramural match against the engineering faculty's teachers netted me a kick in the chest, three sprained muscles and a potentially fractured rib.  As I waited, a tall figure with a body too small, legs too long with a ten gallon hat walked in.  Speaking in strange tongues, a series of clicks and musical murmurs, everyone eyed the man very oddly.  


"No sir, this is the Jewish General Hospital." I began listening into the conversation.  The man was gesticulating towards his foot, appearing rather upset, but I couldn't understand what he was saying.


"I can see that your foot is badly hurt, it's discoloration is highly suspect.  Yes sir, we have a system. You must not be from here. I'll get you a ticket."  Calling over a colleague, the army of turquoise green caps swarmed to somewhere where the man wasn't.  Turning to face me, the man had a scarf around his spindly neck, a morbid green color shading his features.  No wonder the nurse went to get help.


His shades were beautiful, despite it being night. I chalked it up to a eye deficiency, one of my friends had to wear a pair just like his a few days ago.  As he began looking for a seat, I waved him over to an open seat that had a bit more leg room.  He looked seven feet tall.


"Nasty bruise on that foot."  I pointed to his foot.  His shades blinked.  *click click! wahaaaamaan.*


Tilting my head, I could only listen to what appeared to be some foreign language. "Sorry, didn't catch a word you said. No worries though, they aren't busy tonight. The nurse will be back soon."  


I fingered through my phone, which the man took a suspicious look at.  "Do you need to call someone?" I offered the phone.  It was the man's turn to look surprised.  Tilting his head, he received the phone gracefully. Before I had a chance to unlock it, he was already in, typing a long number into the field.  "I don't have a great plan, if you need a LAN line..."


The man was intent on this number, his number now stretching far past any international number. It was as if he was calling to the stars in the hope they would listen.  As he called, he received a dead tone, listening intently.  Nodding a few times, he hung up the phone promptly.  


"Ank. Yehhh."  I nodded and waved. "Hey, it's what universal healthcare if for, right?"


