"I'll never understand why you humans desire to go to *Heaven*." He said the last word with so much venom and hatred. I didn't even know a word could be hated so much, let alone a word associated with something so glorious. 

He sat there, imperiously staring down at us with those perfect brown eyes while he spouted nonsense about how he was the 'Devil' and that *Heaven* was not a beautiful place made of solid gold with white pillars in the Romanesque style but rather an ordinary place akin to that of Centrelink. Well, except for the fact that it was indeed covered in Romanesque architecture but it was still a glorified Centrelink none the less. He couldn't understand why anyone; 'Angel', 'Demon' or Human alike would desire to go to *Heaven.* He said it like that, every time. *Heaven.* Like it was painful to even utter the word.

"You do know, that no matter what you do in life, you" he pointed at the person to my left. "and you." this time he pointed to someone in the row ahead of me. "All of you, go to *Heaven*." Again, as he uttered the word pain crossed his face. "I managed to escape that awful place, but none of you will ever be able to. Live your life here, before you end up in a place worse than what you see as Hell." As he finished speaking, he stood up, brushed off some imaginary dust from his pants and began walking out. 

Before he could reach the door I found my hand already grasping his upper arm and the words were spilling from my impetuous mouth. "Are you really the Devil?" He looked down at me, those annoyingly perfect brown eyes even more perfect up close. 

"Indeed." He said in a silky tone that he didn't have previously when preaching to the masses. 

"Did you really escape from Heaven? Is Heaven real? What's Heaven lik..." the questions came bursting from my mouth until he pressed his finger to my lips.

"Shhh." He said simply. "I'd rather not speak of the place." He saw the look in my eyes, the burning desire to ask questions about the place. He sighed deeply. "Look, my dear. That place is, interesting and not anywhere near as fun as you'd imagine it is. I don't recommend going there anytime soon. Trust me, my dear. Don't go there." With that, he brushed past me and walked out. 

That was the one and only time I ever saw him for sure. Over the years I could have sworn I saw him out of the corner of my eye. But I never caught a clear glance, nor did I ever hear of anyone speaking with him. I knew he was still around, there was no way he would ever go back to the place he hated so much. On my deathbed, I stared up at the sky on the side of a hill and then I finally saw him, or at least I thought I saw him. He was standing next to a tree watching me with a sad smile on his face. As my world started turning dark for the final time, he raised his hand in a wave.

---
Oh, for those non-Australians. Centrelink is our Welfare system. I suppose it's comparable to the DMV (At least what I've seen from TV of the DMV) In short it's completely and utterly packed with people and it takes forever for anything to get done. Google it if ya need more info on it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Ceruberus/