Somewhere in the swirling eddies of time and space, drifting in between strands of possibility and inevitability, curving around gaps in the branching questionably-dimensional fabric of Reality, there is an asteroid said to be the pulpit of God himself, where He will stand in the end times to preach to all Creation.

Early reality travelers, upon reaching this asteroid, jumped forward to the last possible moment ever to see if these claims were true, and when they reported back that they were not, a bar was promptly built on the spot.

That bar has over the course of what may loosely be called several years become the semiofficial headquarters of the semiofficial Hitlercide Championships, as it makes a convenient meeting point for the Council of Hitler-killers as well as the contenders and victors of each championship. The bar has become an even better tourist destination than it already would be thanks to this, and throngs of people crowd into it at all hours, drinking and laughing and watching the death of Adolf Hitler and trying to catch glimpses of the past champions.

The Hitlercide Championships have been going on for some time now, and there are many champions to see: Axe the Axehand, who circumvented early time travel's difficulty with weapons by replacing his left hand with an axe (victory by decapitation); ex-basketballer Jeremy Shawn, who took advantage of later and more improved technology to bring an entire basketball court with him to one of Hitler's speeches (victory by dunk); and Wilhema Harrison of New Jersey, whose only special attribute was a striking similarity to Hitler's own mother (victory by heart attack).

Besides all of these, there is one man known only by the name Sal whose method unsettled the judges and general public to such an extent that he is never approached by any fan or fellow contender, and due to the nature of the Intertime Sports Bar can be fairly certainly assumed to never be approached. He sits in one of the many corners of the bar, looking unassuming in a sweater and grimy spectacles while he nurses a small glass of something barely potable. His victory occurred thus:

On April 30th, 1945, time was running extraordinarily short. (If one waits until after Hitler's accepted Real Death Date, they are automatically disqualified.) Hitler was sitting in his quarters inside his bunker, alone. Then Sal appeared, looking absolutely unconcerned. He was threatened by Hitler, but managed to convince him not to alert a guard of any kind. He asked Hitler very simply if he had any plan to kill himself, and received a negative reply. At this point Sal sat down, and had a conversation with Hitler lasting between thirty-six and ninety-eight minutes. Then Sal vanished. Nothing further happened for several hours. Hitler did not move or speak. Finally, he stood, left the room, and shot himself. 

Upon Sal's return, there was neither applause nor heckling. Instead, there were three officers from the Offices of Temporal Reality, who took him into custody on charges of (and this next part is always said in a hushed whisper) contaminating the main timeline. Ultimately he was released, and the contents of his conversation were permanently confiscated by OTR agents. People with very, very high security clearance in the Real Temporal Government have tried many times to access it, and only one even received a piece of its description: "A moral appeal." 

No one is sure whether to persecute Sal or praise him. Some are unsure he did anything, while others believe he did something incredible. As with much time travel, nothing is certain.

As for me, I won last year's championships with a yo-yo trick. Pretty cool, huh?