I broke the seal on my eyelids as I awoke from my several hundred year rest, with the sun light of a new century streaked across the floor of my isolation cove. Comatose was the closest I could get to permanent release with this damned curse of immortality. If it weren't for the botched mass genocide in the 20th century I wouldn't even be in this situation anymore, but now isn't the time to dwell on past failures, and honestly I detest violence.

When I emerged from my coast side cave I was immediately met with this strange machine greeting me with the current date of July 7,2530. Best I could tell it was some kind of peacekeeper that patrolled the beaches. I asked this strange automaton for directions to the nearest population center through a sore and raspy voice, and was quickly proceeded to follow said directions. I needed to quickly learn what I had missed out on, and how far technology has come.

This city, if could even be called that anymore due to the sheer size of it, thankfully had massive holograms with a news caster reading of some drivel about how world peace had been achieved, and some other nonsense. What followed though truly piqued my interest. It was some interview with some forgettable researcher talking about finally perfecting hybridization between species. With this a new plan hatched. I could finally end my curse without having to kill everyone. 

I rapidly installed myself in this researcher's company and to most people's surprise, created what would be considered the most successful marketing campaign of all time. Within days of launching our new product there were over fifty million "people" who used our product to become some hybrid, within a month a tenth of the worlds population. World governments couldn't stop this massive trend, and finally after nearly a decade, 99% of the world was some form of hybrid. There were a few minor religious groups remaining who abstained from the use of the mutagen, but it was only a matter of time before they died out. All the major infrastructure had been reworked to better fit these hybrids that were no longer human. 

I have finally done it. In less than a lifetime I just like the human race, will cease to exist. As my long life draws to a close, I feel almost melancholic about not being able to see what happens next with this world that I helped mold, but I'm ready for the warm embrace of death.