"Talk to me" Rosita mumbled, clawing the crystal ball in front of her "Talk to me, a million voices crying out to you!"

The windows behind her flew open, and cool raindrops hit her face, accompanied by the crying screams of the howling wind. All candles in the room went out with a hissing sound, but Rosita did not care. Her mother taught her many things back in the days, and getting out the stains that nasty man seemed to leave everywhere was only one of them. Talking to the dead was hard work. She would be tested. She would have to sacrifice something dear to her. But it had to be done, and it would be done.

"Is that you, JK Rowling" she shouted, "I evoke thee! Your work is not done!"

"Who? ... I don't care, I'm tired" a hollow voice answered, carried by the wind.

"I'm George Martin's maid, and I command you! The voices of my ancestors command you! You will listen! You will rise!" implored Rosita with a dark, deep voice that wasn't her own and seemed to come out of nowhere.

A shadow formed in front of her, seemingly drawing the dark around it to it's center. She could hear her. She could feel her. It was her, Rosita had no doubt. She had been watching, maybe even waiting. 

"I don't care" the shadow whispered, full of childish joy, "You are not the boss of me."

It was her voice, Rosita had heard it in interviews. "I saw his manuscript" she shouted at the shadow, "It's been 5 years, and he is on page six. Six!"

The shadow stopped it's creepy dance in front of her.

"And it's all about Hermine growing boobs and having sex with her brother!"

"She doesn't have a brother", the shadow replied. "I thought about it, but when I wrote ' The Order of the Phoenix" I realized that I kind of forgot him, and it was too late..."

"Now she has one - Harry Potter! Turns out that her father was sleeping with her aunt..." Rosita insisted.

"Nobody would ever write that, not even the fans..." the ghost replied, slowly sinking to the ground, wavering over the floor.

"You should read the forums then", Rosita said with a sigh.

"I never did that. I never wanted any of this. They are all crazy..."

"Well, you should have thought about that before giving him the rights", Rosita said "I saw the draft for the second chapter. The witch of the north is forming an alliance with Voldemort..."

"The witch of the what?!" the shadow crawled into a corner.

"She is an ice queen. She expects Voldemorts child. When it is born, they will safirice it to turn it into a shadow that will slay the firebreathing giant salamanders that are invading from the west..."

"Dragons. You mean dragons.... what exactly are they invading?!" 

"Of course they are. What do I know? That school or whatever. Did I mention that Ron Weasly is gay now?" Rosita felt tears running down her cheek, "He's doing Dumbledore and everybody knows it, but they pretend not to see it."

"I've heard enough" The shadow lifted from the floor, "I will have revenge. I will have a twitter account."

"Excuse me?"

"I saw it in American Horror story. Ghosts can have a twitter account now. And a tumblr."

"But..."

"Don't despair. Tell the world that JK Rowling is still out there, and she will put things right. I'll also bring down that president of yours. What a mut."

The shadow left, and the windows closed begind it.

