My eyes flutter open to the sound of thunder. Earth shattering thunder. I stare at the ceiling, feeling my heartbeat quickening in my chest, my eyes wide. I fixate at a point, a dimple in the cement of the ceiling, until my heart rate goes back to normal. 

I feel nothing.

Why was I born this way?

I need to feel something. Anything at all. Even the wisps of wallowing loneliness wrapping its bony fingers around my body, giving me goosebumps. 

That was one that I kept finding. It was one that people kept donating. I’d check my donation box in front of my house every morning, to find little pill bottles labelled with different emotions, but they were never very different at all. 

Sadness. Loneliness. Anger. Fear. Loss. Regret.

Sure, they tasted different. They felt different. But it was never good. It was just something I needed. It was better than feeling nothing.

People just walk by and discard their unwanted emotions into the box, for me to take. It made them feel better somehow. 

“Happy.”
The word always felt funny rolling off my tongue. What did it mean? I’d been longing to feel it, but nobody gave that one away. 

You’d think around Christmas, from the goodwill of their hearts, I’d get at least one sickly bright yellow pill bottle labelled “happiness,” but the holidays were actually the worst.

I never got more of loneliness and sadness than around the holidays.
I grab my keys off my dresser, catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror in passing, and shrug.

Whatever.

I walk to the front door and open it, hurrying outside, my feet on the cold grass, slick with dew. I look up, to notice the large, dark storm clouds.

I approach the small wooden black box next to my fence.

I need to pick up the night’s donations.

I flick the cool metal latch open with my finger, and peer inside. 

It starts drizzling right then, the chilling rain like tiny icy daggers on my bare neck.

Regret. Anger. The usual. I roll the two bottles around in my hand, and then stick them in my pyjama pocket. But something else catches my eye. 

A clear yellow pill bottle— but the contents are strange, unlike anything I’ve ever seen.

Is this it?
The crisp label reads “Happiness.” That’s all. 

No dosage. 

No note. 

Nothing. 

I glance around. The street is empty, everyone is safe in their homes from the storm. There’s no sign of who could have possibly dropped this here for me.

I pop open the bottle with a squeeze, and shake two pills out onto my palm, catching a fat raindrop as I do so. The pills are small and very round, with a divot halfway through, and a bright yellow hue to them. It’s like they’re glowing in my hand. I pinch one between my index and thumb, to find they’re slightly gelatinous. 

With a deep breath, I place one on my tongue and swallow.