I would have to come up with a solution for my late notices and the fees that are always attached other than using them as placemats or coasters. The depressing slips of paper have browned circles stamped on them from haphazardly placed mugs of instant coffee and splatters from bowls of ramen. Some were plastered to my cheap coffee table from the condensation or spills from my budget meals. The few dishes I owned were all piled up in the sink, the stale scent of old microwaved snacks clouding around the general area.

My phone --it only works on WiFi at this point because that bill is past due as well-- vibrates. 

Someone is calling me on Facebook Messenger. I nearly ignore it on principle: I don't really do phone calls. Voice to voice is uncomfortably intimate for me. But it's my buddy Erin, and despite my stubbornly antisocial mood, I feel myself start to cheer up at the thought of hearing her voice. 

Reluctantly, dragging my metaphorical heels, I hit the answer button just before it gives up on me. 

"Hey." My voice is a bit raspy, and I know I sound like shit. 

"Hey!" Erin greets cheerily, drawling in that familiar  way. "Small Fry, what's up?"

I groan and mutter about how I'm not that short. Erin replies with some banter that drags a laugh from my lips. 

She asks me about my life.

"I've been better. The comedy  thing isn't doing too hot. How've you been?" I neatly redirect the conversation away from myself. 

"I've gotta tell ya," her voice brightens, "I got this cool new gig. You won't believe this."

"What?" I perk up.

"I work for MI5," Erin tells me, her voice lowering to emphasize the statement. 

"No." 

"I know!" She drags out the word, almost squealing.

"That's so freaking cool!" I practically shout into the phone. I actually sit up, a few articles of discarded clothing falling off the couch from where they had been piled on top of me.

"I know!" Erin repeats. "You're not gonna believe this." 

"What." It's pathetic that I'm already being pulled into the story, but Erin always tells great stories. Or I'm easily entertained and starved for attention. 

"There's mind readers stealing credit card information."

"Get out." I laugh. 

"No, really." Erin's voice is more serious than what I'm used to. 

"What?" I frown, starting to consider the possibility out of loyalty. I start pushing the tangle of blankets and laundry I forgot to fold off my legs.

"It's true," she insists. "I need your help to catch them." 

"Me? What do you need me for, Bird, you're the expert here." I'm stretching nonetheless, preparing to go to her aid. I flex my toes. 

"You're gonna be bait." 

"What." My toes still.

"Bait," Erin says again, as if I'm being slow. "You walk around thinking up jokes and then whoever laughs is a suspect. I can focus on them." 

"But no one likes my jokes." I slouch, already seeing my hopes go down the drain.

"Sure you are. Come on, I'll pay ya." Her voice rises at the end, tempting me.

As it turns out, my self-conscious and any self respect that might prevent me from joining this silly endeavor have a price. About £200 and a coffee. And chips with vinegar, I'm not that cheap. 

I wrap my finger around the paper cup, feeling the heat of my drink seep through the material. I sigh in happiness as Erin drives her black truck to our stakeout location. I'm too pleased with the bitterness tempered with several packets of artificial sweetener stirred in to ask too many questions. I take a sip, nearly burning my tongue. It doesn't put a damper on my mood. 

Erin's playlist fills up the space between us. It's a mixture of Fallout Boy, whatever's in the top 50, and some bops from our middle school days.

I tap my foot, loosely following the rhythm. I reach into the bag of chips nestled into one of the cup holders and pull a few out. I don't have the little to-go sauce cup of vinegar open, though, I'm not rude. I shove the fried strip of potato into my mouth and chew, enjoying the salty and starchy flavors. 

"There's a lot I can't tell you," Erin says, turning down the music a few notches, "but we've narrowed it down to this area." 

I glance out the window dutifully, sipping at my drink, my bribe, and hum pensively.

"Fortunately they're pretty stupid, thinking they won't get caught so they hang around the same few areas." 

"Idiots," I agree. My support is sponsored by Flat White and Five Guys. I snort at the thought. "Don't put me on the list," I joke. 

"Yeah, yeah, whatever, Squirt. Let's get going." 

I notice that the car is parked and Erin is already swinging her legs around the seat to drop down from her truck. 

A mouthful of chips later, and I'm out, too, cradling my snacks. It was a scam for me to even believe that my self respect was even worth a price --I looked like an oversized squirrel.

Someone in a grey hoodie with jeans snorts as they walk by. 

I stare at Erin.

Oh shit. This is real. They really do read minds. 

Five blokes start running. 

Stunned, I clench my coffee and chips as Erin's already got a walkie talkie out and is barking instructions and descriptions into it, based on what I can parse out from the code she's speaking. 

"Good work, Squirt," Erin claps me on the shoulder. "Now wait for me here. I'll send someone to get ya later."

Before I can protest, the door to her truck slams and she's speeding away. 

Dumbfounded, I blink, shake my head, and shuffle over to a park bench. Maybe if I sit still long enough, everyone will forget about the scene I just made. 

"Damnit," I curse to myself, "I forgot the vinegar." 



