Rumors.

That is all their ever was in the days before the reaping.  I suppose their was a time that chosen Princes would boast of their patrons- an act most would end up regretting.

From what little I knew of the tradition those who revealed their upper hand out of hubris would meet quick ends.  I had never bothered learning our divine history.  It had already drenched my life with disdain and I felt there was no further need to dwell on it.

Only pampered fools bragged of their god given abilities. At least that is what I told myself.  My brothers- strangers driven by the pride their lineage gave them. Men who thought themselves indestructible.  Favored Princes who grew up under their mother’s watchful eyes- told every day how *special* they were.  Forever training with the *best* and *brightest*.  Sacrificing their worldly possessions in the name of this god or that- in hopes to gain favor.

In a way I pitied them. I had never really thought myself lucky until this moment; at least I had already accepted the inevitable.  

I had no dreams to be dashed. 

While my half brothers grew strong and wise under their prestigious tutors, I was left to fend for myself.  Growing up in the temple had not been a luxurious life.  Sure, the temple elders saw to it that I had a bed to sleep in and clothes to wear.  I would be given what little they had to eat, but it was never out of kindness.

They only ever worried over the possible blasphemy that might fall upon their souls.  A Prince was said to be a gift from the gods after all, and they wouldn’t dare risk their wrath.

Life had never been kind to me.  I never knew my mother’s touch.  She was nothing more than a distant thought I was taught to feel shameful of.  She had forever branded me a misfit, condemning me to this life before I drew my first breath.

And now I would soon draw my last.

My mother had died during childbirth- a sign that the temple elders would interpret as a sin.  A weakness.  I was the living embodiment of shame to my father.  I was sorry I didn't die with her.

Before her a King's wife had never perished during birth.  After all they were “divinely chosen” to carry the seed of their God’s chosen King, and how could a *God* make a mistake?  

I sneered at the thought.  Even now I had my doubts over these “divine” decisions.  If any of it were true, I cannot imagine I would have been abandoned so.  What could my mother have done to deserve such a fate?  To leave a failing legacy?

"This is all a show," I reminded myself.

The gods enjoyed their sport, and the warrior King enjoyed exploiting it.  Claiming endless wives in the name of divine inspiration.  Hoarding wealth out of some sort of *birth right*.  Controlling the masses out of piousness and fear.

As I stood waiting, I tried to imagine my mother.  She had been the Kings favorite, or so I am told.  The most beautiful wife their ever was.  She had passed onto me her fire red hair and emerald eyes.  Perhaps in another life I could have been thought of as handsome.

In the end being the King's favorite wife didn’t count for much. She was quickly discarded when word of her *weakness* reached the King.  She was buried in an unmarked grave and I was handed off to the temple to be forgotten until the reaping.

I had never even met my father.  I looked at him now- his golden hair floated ever so lightly about his head, as if he was submerged in water.  The halo of Poseidon.

Many in the Kingdom believed I was a bastard- for surely a true prince would not be left to fend for himself.  Surely a father would claim his son.

I shook these thoughts from my mind.  

There was a time I would have languished in my self pity, but I had long ago gone numb to the pain.  I soaked in the last rays of sunshine and tried to prepare for what fate had laid before me.  

The Colosseum was large enough to encompass all ten of us.  Each standing in their gleaming armor and basking in the cheers of their people.  The house of their family standing valiantly behind them. 

All assured of victory.

I stood alone (like I had my entire life) at the far end of the Colosseum.  I wore my best clothes- a simple brown riding suit.  I had no house colors to wave, no expensive chain mail to flaunt for the cheering crowd.

I hadn’t even bothered bringing a weapon. I didn’t stand a chance against my brothers.  It was a sentiment repeated to me endlessly, and something I had come to accept long ago.

The trumpets started to blare- a deafening sound that vibrated through the air.

Suddenly an otherworldly glow surrounded each one of my brother's.  Purples and blues and greens- all representing individual *powerful* gods.  

All had been chosen as some God's champion.

All except me.  

I stared at my brother closest to me.  He was the spitting image of our father.  Right down to his pompous stature. His hands cackled with the lightening of Zeus and a knowing smile smeared across his face.  

He set his eyes on me.  

I tensed, silently praying that death by lightening wouldn’t be too painful.  I hoped to be granted this one mercy.

The blaring trumpets ceased, the now empty air filling with the anxious cheers of the people.  The sky began to darken in anticipation.  The God's had gathered.

It was time.

I tried not to move, forcing myself to focus on my breathing.  Perhaps I should close my eyes?

A loud boom of thunder startled me.  A laugh escaped my brother as he strode triumphantly towards me. He raised his hands to strike and I was soon encompassed by a blinding light- the buzzing energy of Zeus.

All I could feel was relief.  Relief it didn't hurt.  I quickly thanked the God's for their mercy and waited for death to finally claim me.

Except it didn’t.  

After what seemed an eternity, I forced opened my eyes.  The Colosseum had grown quiet and still. I watched as confusion spread across my brother's face.

Out of the corner of my eye I noticed movement.  Off in the distance my eldest brother released an arrow, guided by Athena the warrior goddess.

It sunk deep into my chest before I had time to react.

I grasped at the arrow, feeling my warm blood drip down my hand...and I felt nothing.

The wind picked up, allowing a whisper to find it's way to my ear.  A lovely voice piercing the veil between worlds to speak, and although I had never met her- I knew it to be my mother.

“The price has been paid my love.  Now *fight*.”

For the first time in my life a genuine smile washed over my face.  I stepped forward, surveying my brothers. 

Their once prideful eyes filled with fear.

**This is my first writer's prompt.  Thank you it was a lot of fun.  
**Also I edited this a bit-  I didn't like the rushed ending.

