"This is where the real strategy begins, they can empathize with one another, since they have shown a common goal so if they decide to work together by the morning they will be in love" Said the woman in the elegant suit to the heads of both families gathered on the monitors room.

the mother of the bride was very attentive to her daughter monitor with preocupied eyes and holding the hand of her husband.

"of course not only the sheets are warranteed to support their weight, we assembled fresh snow under both windows amortiguate the fall if any of them were to commit a mistake. and there are 2 teams to provide first aid on all the route we designed for them to scape"

still the words of the elegant woman couldnt relief the bride's mother of her preocupation, she watched attently every move of her daughter till her feet touched the ground and got deep into the snow, finally the mothers bride could breath.

"seems like my son is in bigger trouble, he goes to the gym every week, i dont see why" said the groom's father. "He is just like you, they just meet and he already depends on her to do anything" said the groom's mother just as the bride held the bottom of the sheets the groom were using to scape.

Once the groom had finally made it all the way down both started arguing which caused the both wifes to argue with their respective husbands. The elegant woman just smiled. no matter how many times she ran this game at this point every couple had the same reaction.

If she left the groom and bride like this they would argue non-stop and would end up hating each other so after exactly 25 seconds she had a couple of guards turn on their flashlights and walk on the corner around the building, which caused both groom and bride to hide together, holding their breath trying not to move.

Then on the distance a car passed by the high road reminding them both of their objective.

The heads of the families stopped arguing with each other, instead the husbands were arranging a bet about who would reach the gates first and the wifes were discussing about the bride choice of foot wear.

The newly meet couple ran to the gates and the father of the groom groaned with a palm on his face about how neither of them though about removing the blankets from the windows. leaving clear evidence of their scape.

"I taught him to clear everything while camping, why he is not doing it?" said the father of the groom "men forget things when they fall in love" said the mother of the bride full of pride.

---

worth continuing?