You know, my uncle was a hoarder. There was so much stuff in our house. Yeah, he raised me since I was little. I don’t remember my parents, but maybe they were hoarders too. Heh. I never asked him about it—their stuff, I mean.

Anyways, all I remember were boxes upon boxes. Stacks everywhere, and you just sort of had to mark a trail to get from one end of a room to the other. It wasn’t even organized. One of the stacks in the living room had some cookware underneath some toys, a sweater, and a welcome mat designed for the doggy door which his cat used to use. Well yes, he had a cat, but it disappeared. I guess it was old, and I thought it had died and my uncle didn’t have the heart to tell me. I have dreams with that cat sometimes. But I also remember that it didn’t like me that much. It once scratched me really bad on my arm. You can still kind of see it.

Right, right, moving on.

Growing up, I would take some of these random things around the house and think they had magic powers. Like, you know how kids take magnifying glasses to ants? Once, I found a stick in one of the boxes hidden away in a corner. But it was a polished stick, and it sort of looked like a wand, like from Harry Potter, you know? And I would point that thing at ants and just focus *really* hard, and they’d just, poof. Like, they burned so fast that nothing was left. I thought it was so cool, and I kept it to myself for a while. My little secret, you know?

One day my uncle found me using it, and asked what I was doing.

“I’m burning ants with this stick!” I said. 5-year-old me, really proud of myself.

Uncle immediately ran over and grabbed that stick, I guess to check that I didn’t actually set the stick on fire. And he shouted, “Be careful with this! Do you know what this is?”

I felt really bad. I said, “No,” and he said, “Good.” He put it away some place where I never found it again. Actually, that whole corner looked different from that day on, now that I think about it.

So… the thing is, I would keep finding things here and there and pretending they had magic powers. I remember a deck of cards that would reshuffle itself while you weren’t looking. There was a wire umbrella that made a huge gust of wind when it opened, but the arms were bent from how my uncle stored it. And there were several pens or pencils that would start to float if I concentrated hard enough. Every time I tried to show my uncle, *Look, look!* He’d just chuckle and give some off-the-cuff validation that developing children need. You know.

And then I reached the point where I would start telling *other* people, and they didn’t believe me. Well, adults never believed me, but I had gotten old enough to where it wasn’t some kid playing make-believe, it was some kid lying. I started getting into fights because other kids teased me about my “stories.”

After one of those fights, I went home and had a temper tantrum, kicking things around and annoying my uncle. I guess I started channeling my anger towards his hoarding. “Why do you even keep this stuff?” I asked him.

He didn’t respond. He just kept reading the paper and only paying some attention to me. Then I saw the kitty welcome mat.

“And why do you still keep *this!*” I yelled at him.

He looked over, squinted his eyes, and told me… “You know, I don’t even remember where I got that.”

…I didn’t know what he was talking about, so I said, “What do you mean? You had it for your cat, the one who would always go through that doggy door to the backyard.”

He said, “Listen, kid, you know that doggy door came with the house. I never had a cat, or a dog, or anything. You see, that’s why you keep getting into fights, because you keep making stuff up and no one knows what you’re talking about. You can’t keep doing this, Perry.” I was so confused. It had all made sense to me before, the cat, the door, the mat—and now he’s saying it’s all made up.

So, I showed him the scar on my arm. Three dark lines on the outside of my forearm, where the surface had healed but the deeper tissue hadn’t. It’s still here, kind of. Anyways, he took my arm and looked at it closely, and you could tell he wanted to say it was from some other cat, some other time, but he would have known. He had raised me. He would have remembered how I got a scratch this bad, and I saw the pain in his eyes that he couldn’t recall. That pain turned into fear.

He sat there for maybe half an hour staring past my arm, thinking. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t know if I was in trouble, or if I had just proven that I’m right, or what. I remember his breathing was slow. He finally explained:

“I knew you could make things disappear. I didn’t know how, or what causes it, or when it happens. I didn’t even know you had this power when I adopted you, but I knew you had something. You see, I collect things with powers—you already found that out, but thank goodness you’re only a child—and you carried that same sense. I didn’t know what it was until the ants.

“I watched you with those ants for hours. That stick isn’t a magic fire wand; it’s a tracking device. You give it to someone, tell them it’s good luck, and then you can scry their location through any surface of water with a little incantation. And I remember you pointing that stick at gaps where there were no ants, and it just didn’t make sense until…”

He looked very grim. “You have to be very careful about this power, Perry. I mean it. Look at me. You will be very, *very* careful. Promise me.”

So… I promised him. He went on to tell me how no one knew about my parents, let alone what happened to them. They even vanished from records. Seriously, if you look at my birth certificate, the names of the parents are blank. Everybody just thought it was a horrible clerical error on top of being an orphan, but they all tried to make the best of it for my sake. Uncle couldn’t explain it until he realized what happened with the cat. Apparently, when something… or someone… disappears, so do everybody’s memories and records of them. Everybody’s except mine.

I remember going to bed that night, my mind flooded with possibilities and fears. “I don’t want to make my uncle disappear,” I thought. “I don’t want him to go, so I’ll just make him stay. I’ll make him *stay*,” I told myself over and over. And the next morning, he was gone. No one ever knew he existed, which didn’t make sense. Who do you think raised me this whole time! But I have a reputation of making stories up that don’t match anybody’s memory, so I might as well have cried wolf.

Which brings me to your daughter. Yes, you… um, your daughter actually existed. Her name was Evelyn. She was named after your mother, Mrs. Simon. I’m really sorry.

Evelyn and I were in the same class 10 years ago, and she was my best friend, so she’d be the first one to hear about any new powers I came up with. Eventually she sided with everybody else. And I got so mad at her when she didn’t believe me. She told me to grow up. That was the same day my uncle figured it out, but by then, it…

I can’t imagine what it’s going to be like for you two to cope with this news. I know you’ve been trying to figure out large, missing chunks from that part of your life. The extra bed in your apartment, the clothes. The receipts, the subscriptions. By now you’ve probably also found the birth certificate, where there’s no child listed. Maybe you would have been happier to think that you were both just crazy.

There is nothing I can do now that can make this right. But I do see her in my dreams, and she’s with my uncle. She has someone to take care of her. She’s happy. And she believes me now.

Do you… I mean, it’s not like I can answer any questions in a way that makes sense, but if do you have questions, I’ll do my best. I *can* tell you that it hasn’t happened since. Not to anything that has a skeletal system, anyways. Nobody’s going to miss a spider here and there. Uhh... ahem.