All I can think back to on this dreary day is to that damn clover. Emily found it on our last day together, just hours before my train was set to depart. It was mostly a joyful afternoon, but every once in a while, I could see that pained look on her face. We were taking a walk through our favorite garden when she found a legendary four-leaf clover, fabled to bring good luck, and possibly even to grant wishes. She was so excited, and looked expectantly at me when I told her to make a wish. I of course had zero believe that it would actually have a tangible effect, but I hoped that it would ease her mind, if for even a moment. I hushed her as she started to speak, reminding her that if she told me her wish then it would not come true. She just smirked at me for a moment, then simply said, “You’re not allowed to die, okay?” 

	It took many months before the curse she had inadvertently placed on me reared its ugly head. I was stationed on the front lines, long since separated from the mail chain. Nevertheless, I still wrote a letter to Emily every day and storing them in my bag to prepare for a big surprise when I return. On the fateful day, I was doing my round on watch when an explosion went off near me, and shrapnel embedded deep into my chest. I awoke severely hours later to astonished faces. The doctor told me he had never seen a man survive that type of injury, much less to be in the relatively fine condition that I was in. The military sent me home despite my clean bill of health, my guess more out of confusion than anything else. 

	As I eagerly got off my train with my bag full of letters, I was greeted by the joyous faces of my neighbors. Their expressions quickly faded once I asked where my beloved Emily was. They solemnly told me that she got sick a couple of months after my departure, and passed mere weeks before my return. My heart died on that day, unfortunately I soon found out my body could not. I soon attempted to take my life, only to survive by some miraculous feat of stubbornness by my body. After several attempts, I finally remembered that lucky clover she found on my final day, and realized what a mistake we had made. 

	And so I stand here today, looking at my dearest Emily’s grave on the anniversary of my return. Like I had done 200 times before, I took out a faded piece of paper, and placed my final letter to my greatest love. For the first time in centuries, I wept as I dropped to the ground. 
