######[](#dropcap)

*John Royce has donated yet another million dollars to the Woman's Aid Foundation. This will no doubt spur other celebrities to do the same thing and open up more avenues for anyone suffering from domestic abuse. He's now donated a grand total of almost twenty million dollars spread out over fifteen or sixteen different charities, although he has no doubt donated to Woman's Aid the most.*

John sipped at his coffee, then turned down the radio. 

God had granted him a gift. A gift of knowing how to manipulate the stock market. The world was like a car, and he was at the wheel. 

He glanced up when his butler walked in. "Your father's finally here, sir." 

"Really?" He had been waiting for this day for years. Just waiting for his father to recognize him on the news, to finally come and find him. It was a joyous occasion, and he opened a bottle of champagne as his butler went to let his father in the door. 

"Where's my son?" he heard from the foyer. Pulling out two wine glasses, he topped them with the frothing, golden liquid. Then he turned. 

"Son!" 

"Father!" John shouted, then strode toward the man standing at the entrance with outstretched arms. 

Time had not been kind to Richard Royce. His thick, black hair had now greyed and had given into a receding hairline, and his once fit physique now devolved into a beer gut. He was still decently rich. But nowhere near as rich as John was now. And as everyone knew, building connections was everything with the incredibly wealthy. So it wasn't a surprise that, now that John was one of the wealthiest men on earth.

"You've done well for yourself." Richard patted his back and looked around the room, at the crystal chandelier and the statues that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. His son had indeed surpassed him, and he now regretted losing contact for the last fifteen or so years. 

"That I have. Champagne?" He handed a glass over to his father. 

They clinked glasses before downing the liquid. 

"Why did you come to visit?" He glanced over at his butler, who quickly nodded. Everything had been prepared.

"Ahh, yes. I wanted to reunite with my son. I've been searching for you for so many years, so imagine my surprise when I saw you on the news. I'm so glad you aren't dead." He wiped away a tear that he had somehow managed to squeeze from his tearduct. 

He was referring to John's disappearance, almost fifteen years ago to the dot. A case where he and his mother had been kidnapped, his mother had been killed, and he had disappeared. He could still feel the blood on his hands as he desperately prayed to a God who wasn't listening as he desperately tried to stem the blood flowing from his mother's abdomen. 

"I'm glad. Have you found my mother? We got separated during the kidnapping." John's voice was emotionless. 

"Unfortunately, I think she's probably dead." He answered a little too quickly. 

John poured another glass for himself and sipped lightly. "Mm-hmm." 

"Not that I haven't been looking. I have. But we have to be realistic," he added.

"Why are you really here?" John changed the topic. 

"Well..."--his father had the audacity to look a bit ashamed--"I'm in a spot of trouble, and I was hoping you could bail me out. Just a couple million, nothing too serious..." 

"Ah, my mother." 

"What?" His father froze, unable to keep up with the subject change. 

"Did you ever find out who she got kidnapped by?" 

He shook his head. "Of course not. I would have killed that motherfucker if I had found out. I loved your mother." 

"Oh." John thought of the bruises on his mother's body every day, the way she had cowered whenever he had come into the room. And then he thought of the distinctive star shaped tattoo on the kidnapper's forearm, the same as on the hitmen his father used to hire to get rid of any people he didn't like. It didn't take long to put two and two together. "That's the wrong answer." 

His father frowned. "What do you mean?" 

John simply snapped his fingers, and his butler walked out, closing the doors to the foyer behind him. It was just him and his stinking, lying, murderous father now. 

He had thought, before, when he was young and naive, that it was all a misunderstanding. That the assassins were hired by someone else, or his father wasn't in the know, or anything else. But then he noticed how his father never put out a single ad to look for him. Just assumed he was dead. 

John felt a chill run through his body as he remembered the still-warm, heavy weight of his mother's body as she shielded him, then the urgent, silent whisper, even as she coughed up blood. *Pretend you're dead.* Just the thought of the memory made him itch to kill his father. But, for right now, he would settle for less just to take off the edge.

He grabbed the candlestick and bashed it against his father's head, finding joy in the heavy thud it made as it connected. 

Richard reeled, falling to the marble floor. Then he climbed up. "What was that?" he shouted, gingerly touching his forehead. 

"I know you were lying about my mother, you bastard. As if it wasn't even enough that you abused her every day, you had to go and kill her."John's arms were shaking with rage, and he struck the other direction, until rivulets of blood criss crossed in multiple lines down his father's face. "You really shouldn't use the same hitmen for every job. It's sloppy."

The violence didn't make him feel any better. If anything, it made him feel worse. The dam doors had opened, and there was a tide of fury that he couldn't stem, rushing out after so many years. 

Richard's face paled. "You have no proof. It would never go to court. " 

"I don't need it to go to court. I just need personal satisfaction." 

His father's face changed, turning red with anger. "What will the world think of you? How dare you treat me like this? You'll rot in jail for the rest of your life for what you've already done," he shouted, blood streaming down his forehead to his chin. 

John removed his glasses and carefully set them down on the counter. "I don't care what they think," he said. He brought out a large knife and examined the blade. It should do wonderfully for flaying apart someone's skin, layer by layer. "I'm sure your donations were for your little business crimes so they couldn't come after you, but that's not why I donated to charity." 

He looked at his father then, and grinned. Even under the golden light of the chandelier, his eyes suddenly looked pitch black, and Richard took a step back involuntarily, feeling his heart thud rapidly in chest from fear.

"Ask me why I donate to charity, *dad.*"

***** 

r/AlannaWu