I've long been accustomed to being alone. I've been a lone human for centuries. I turned to the stars with a crew of 20 when our world was dying. And after only a few decades I was the only one left. The masterful technology of my species extending my life and allowing me to travel the stars and yet, for all my knowledge, these marvels were created by greater minds than my own. I've known for a very long time that I would die once my rejuvination bed broke down. When or how I did not know, such is the uncertainty of artificially extended life. Would I wither to dust or simply resume aging at a normal pace? Well my rejuvination bed broke down six months ago, and as it happens, im not dust. 

The first time I happened upon life outside the home cluster, i was exploring a previously unknown star system on the edge of the Milky Way. They called themselves the QuarKints (closest i can get to spelling that in earth-english.) They were so very advanced in some ways and yet in others. I saw humanitys baser instincts on display, and though it took years just to properly communicate with their people as a whole, I managed to nudge them slightly off the path my own species took toward self destruction. I always told myself I would return, see the fruits of years of labor. But in my travels I found so much life, so many species, I never found the right time to turn around. There was just so much to see.

To some I was a (accidental) god, being worshipped for the technology they could not understand (to be revered as a diety is both frightening and exhilarating, but its tough to be a god) to others I was an omen, a spectre of their future should nothing change. And then, after a very long time, I found myself as a teacher, guiding juvinile species to a better tomorrow, forging a galactic community, and bringing a peace to my soul that had not been content since I left my mother and fathers home in Colorado. Since there was a Colorado.

I taught all that I knew, learned all that I could, and then i moved on to the next. And now. Now at the end of my journey I look back and wonder, did I do enough? Did I do anything? I should have returned to the QuarKints, if I knew I had helped atleast one species get past the failures of humanity. Maybe it would make dying stranded in space okay. Did I memtion the ships engines wont pulse? And with no pulse, im not going anywhere. Ive been here the past 6 months, aging at a stramge rate. My hair wemt grey over night, my memories fog over and clear at random, and yet physically, for the most part, i remain 35. I fear my death will come abruptly, and for all my years of life you think i might be ready for that. Instead it infuriates me. I feel humanity deserves better than going out with a single whimper. 

As im lost in thought a chime rings throughout my ship, the familiar ping of an open hail. 

"Hello there. Hailing stranded vessel, anyone in there? This is Gruli Hfinx of the Quarin fleet? Do you require assistance?"

The message repeated in 17 other languages, each of which i recognied as id spent years obsessing over them. I returned the hail in the dialect of the QuarKints. A few excited words back and forth and a suddenly i had a crew on the deck with me. 3 QuarKints, 5 Dourlings, and a Toumer. These civilizations were lightyears apart, and i had only vaguely told of the other species i encountered, never wanting to risk a galactic conflict by introducing worlds, yet here they were. Speaking earth-english, my language, as a go between for each species, the QuarKints had taken after me, exploring the galaxy and forming bonds of unity and kinship. They had been close to nuclear war, a rouge faction living on their planets own moon in fear, and now they lead a galactic coalition. The 9 questioned me endlessly, in awe of meeting a figure of their shared history. Id become a legend to the QuarKints and a myth to the Toumerians, so long had it been since i visited them. They told me of their travels and the civilizations theyd saved. How those who chose to could join their mission and the dream of uniting the entire galaxy. 

The time came for them to depart, they wanted to bring me with them, to continue my journey. But suddenly I found myself weary from my travels. For the first time in centuries I was not alone, and I knew they would pick up where I left off.