Level 0... getting to Level 0 takes a lot. Not just mass death or destruction, not just collapse of most governments or civilizations, but the near total and utter destruction of everything. It's one of the few things that is taken with complete and total seriousness at the facility, when most of the instructions had a certain self-aware humor given the reputation of Area 51, known on site as simply A51. When you work at the worst kept secret in the world, you have to laugh about it some.

No one laughed when they discussed Level 0.

Thompson barely even remembered it when the word came. You didn't tend to remember specific protocol when you were struggling to keep a metaversal plague from devouring all potential from the world. The kind of theoretical virus that you read about in weird stories on the internet at 3AM, but never imagine could actually be real.

The plague was a subtle one - the earliest signs of infection were missed because it just looked like the world was going through a rough year. A bad election cycle. A few small wars in foreign countries. Price hikes in medicines that could have saved lives. The future slowly being taken away in tiny bits and pieces, though it seemed like nothing that hadn't eventually been passed through before. Just a rough patch of it, was all. But it escelated quickly, as it seemed like every chance for someone to do good or for some group to succeed was snatched away. Choices were made that suddenly made no sense, but ultimately led to more and more death and destruction. The infection began to show more on a smaller level too. Rises in domestic violence, spikes in theft and dives in charity work.

By the time someone in A51 actually thought to check the virus's containment, it was too late. Nearly all the potential for any good, for any positive outcome, for any definitive future was stolen from the world, consumed and drained by the plague. It infected the fabric of reality itself, time and nature bending and twisting as the healthy strands of potential were slowly withered, the farthest ones first, working its way back. Starting with the potential for world peace, and ending with the potential for a new mother to not murder and eat her newborn.

So when the call came, it didn't come from the president, it didn't come from the head of the facility. It didn't even come from Thompson's direct boss. It was a harrowed scream as every security system began to fail, as their potential for successful continuation was eaten away. And strictly speaking, it wasn't even a direct command to execute Level 0. It was the last desparate cry of his partner, as an escaped alien lifeform devoured his bones from the inside out.

"Call someone! Call anyone!"

Then, like a tidal wave, it all flooded back to him. The final protocl. The ultimate last line of defense. The one thing to do when all else was failing. The last scrap of potential for the future - a slightly curled, faded pink sticky note, stuck to the corner of the monitor in the break room. Thompson ran, barely making it there past the time-stuck hordes of the past, the Things From In-Between, and ET's second cousin who kept demanding royalties for the movies.

A sticky note, and a phone. The fate of everything.

Thompson grabbed the receiver, amazed the phone even still worked, and began to dial. It somehow had too many and too few numbers at once - he had never really *looked* at the note before, and it hurt his eyes and made his head ache to just try and follow the string. Level 0 was a simple order. Call the number. And pray the demands aren't too high.

After the simultaneously first and eight-seventh ring (the fabric of everything seemed to be collapsing at this point, and Thompson's ability to delineate causality was breaking down), a voice answered. Smooth. Soft. Enticing. Thompson always considered himself straight, but he probably would have let the voice take him out for a drink.

"Yes? How may I help you?" The voice asked.

"M-my name is-"

"Private Martin Thompson, Xenoclassification division. Just started two years ago, and still not quite able to kick that smoking habit. I didn't ask who you are. I asked: How. May. I. Help. You."

Thompson felt his blood run cold. He wouldn't have let the voice buy him a drink anymore. In fact, he likely would have found any excuse to run at that point. But he couldn't run, not with everything burning to ash just outside the room's walls.

"We... we need help. Everything is breaking down, everything is... is just ending. I... I was told to call this number, and to just ask for help. To just call and just... we need help."

"Hmmm, yes, I see, I see. I did notice something like that happening. But what can you offer me for my help? Nothing's free, after all."

"Anything, just anything! People are dying, the world is dying, we just need help! Name your price!"

Silence, for a few moments. Then, before the voice even spoke, Thompson swore he could hear the smile.

"Very well. My price is simple. I want you to remember. I want you to remember all of this - remember what happened, what everyone did, and what it was like."

"Remember? How could I ever forget this? If you can fix it, I'll do anything!"

There was cold laughter on the other end, a laughter that made your spine crawl and your skin seem to want to go the other way.

"Very well. It was a pleasure doing busines with you, Martin. See you around."

The line went dead - and as soon as that click happened, everything... *snapped*. There was a moment where Thompson felt like everything around him was breaking, snapped apart like a dry rubber band, only for it to suddenly recover. He was still in the break room, still in front of the phone, the pink sticky note still there - but the scremas had ended. The bloodstains on the glass windows were gone. Even the news was no longer a horrific stream of nightmare footage of the destruction of civilization (it was a report on a shiba puppy that had a spot on its belly like a donut).

The door opened, and Thompson turned, his partner walking in. And for a moment, Thompson was fine - but then... then he screamed. He screamed and ran past him, darting down the hallway. And it only got worse with each person he passed.

The price... the price had been to remember. To remember everything that happened. And what everyone did. And that was all he could see now. No matter who he looked at, he couldn't see them for what they were in that moment, or who what they could be. He saw them like they were at the end of all potential, at the height of infection from the plague. He saw his partner turning on him with a rusty knife. He saw his boss intentionally breaking containment on nearly every exotic in their posession. Even the shiba puppy on the news was now a contorted mess, the anchros feasting on its entrails while it whined for release.

He couldn't see the good or rightness or future in anything, only the bloody, visceral carnage of their worst potential. That was the price.

It was too high. Far, far too high.