Borogoroth trembled as he hid behind the shower curtain. He pointed a shaking finger at Kayzah, empress of blood and despair and said between panicked gasps - "Why do you always have to have things your way!?"
Kayzah slapped him across the face with her clawed hand. "Oh so this is my fault too? Why don't we just make everything my fault!?" She exhaled angrily, the screaming skulls of flame emanating from her nose burning through a bottle of asprin on the wash basin.

"Guys, can we please not do this right now" said Amulgah, firedemon of Hatred, who had a feeling that coming tonight might not be the best idea. Things had been weird between Borgoroth and Kayzah every since they had broken up but they promised things were better now and they were "totally chill to hang". Amulgah shook his head. They were not chill to hang.

"We have bigger problems right now" said Amulgah, rapping at the bathroom door with his staff of infinite misery, gesturing towards the human who was now in their living room.

Borgoroth and Kayzah looked at each other and grunted. Amulgah opened the door a crack and said "Lets going to ask it what it wants." The three demons from the realm of horror, tip toed slowly to the door where they found the human on his cellphone.

"Um.." said Borgoroth, but was silenced by the human who raised a hand to his lips and then pointed at the phone. The demons looked at each other awkwardly while the human continued to speak on the phone.

"Well if your GPS is off, why do you even drive an Uber!?" screamed the human into the phone. He hung up and looked at the demons. "Sorry it's like impossible to give directions to these guys" he said. "I'm Gabe" he said looking around, "sweet pad".

The pentagram on Kayzah's chest glowed a deep red. "Thank you" she said. "Must've cost a pretty penny!" chuckled Gabe, slapping Borgoroth on the shoulder. Borgoroth took a step back and rubbed his shoulder absently. 
"What do you seek?" said Amulgah, but Gabe was already on the stairs looking up at the second floor. 

"What is this a five bedroom?" he said coming back into the living room. "Four bedrooms and a study/torture room" smiled Kayzah. Borgoroth frowned at her. 
Gabe fished around in his blazer and drew out a card.

With a big smile he handed it over to Amulgah, "I'm looking at getting one of these myself." Amulgah looked down at the card he was holding. It said, "Gabe Becky, Mortgage Bond Trader".

Amulgah looked up with a big smile. "Oh, you are one of us!"