I have always been able to see Ghosts. I remember the first one I saw. I didn’t know what I was seeing. It was only the top half of a person, from head to waist, just hoovering around the streets. It was going through people, like they weren’t there. I froze and watched, scared. My mum grabbed and squeezed my hand.  

“It’s okay, darling. Don’t look at them, don’t talk to them and they will leave you alone.” We carried on walking. Could she see it too? 

We sat down in a quiet corner of a café. She looked around, before she started talking to me. “If you don’t interact with them, they will continue to think no one can see them. If you do, they’ll all come to you.” I remember that day all too well. I have always followed my mum's advice, I have never interacted them, just ignored them. Sometimes, that has been difficult but it’s what I needed to do. To try and live a normal life. My mum is the only person that ever knew I could see ghosts and I’ve always made it stay that way.  

Ignoring ghosts has been harder to do lately. My husband, Jace, died in a car accident a couple of months ago. A horrible, horrible car accident. The roads were very wet, as we have had horrible rain the whole day. He was driving home from work, but there was an idiot driver on the road, who lost control of his car. He went straight into Jace, which pushed him off the road. I remember getting the call. Jace was going to come home from work, then we were going to go for our anniversary dinner, it was our 5th. He was taken too soon! 

I still see Jace, every day. I don’t know what to do. I want to be able to continue to see and talk to my husband. I feel so lost without him being here, by my side, every day. I knew this was the time I needed to talk about with my mum. 

I sat in the kitchen, with a hot cup of coffee. I didn’t know where to start.  
“Can you see them too?” I finally asked her. 
“Yes” My mum replied. 

There was a pause. I wanted to ask her this for so long, but now I needed to know what to do with Jace. 

“I see him, every day. I want to talk to him so badly.” 

----
Edit: Continued in the comments below.
