A scream rattled through my skull. It was the only way I could continue to exist while I watched the life drain from her eyes. She had been my everything, the waves of sorrow soon came to drown me in complete darkness. My eyes refused to let light in, no part of me wanted to see the gruesome corpse in front of me.  
  
I stayed conscious in a cold and dark world for what felt like hours, but when my vision returned *he* was still standing there.  
  
The cold sorrow had left me, what came next was inevitable. He had nothing left against me. What had once represented my slavery to the man now released me. Hatred and rage flowed through my veins right alongside the adrenaline.  
  
Our eyes met, his resolve faltered against my lifeless gaze. I no longer had any reason to be, nothing to live for. He had killed my wife, my parents, even my coworkers could not escape his anger. I had endured his torture for years, so that he would not find her. All that mattered was that my daughter was safe. That she could live on, that she could have a life away from this madman. She slipped up though, she had bought a tea at a gas station with her debit card. 
  
Now he had taken her too, and now the only reason to live on was to rip away every fiber of his muscles, to pull out his nerve endings and expose them to constant stimulation until his brain trained itself to feel pain forever, to lock his head in a water chamber so he would never be able to utter the death oath. The phrase that came so easily for my daughter would never graze this man's lips.  
  
"I suppose you're finally in the mind set I've been in for years." He spoke, I no longer cared to know his name, he didn't deserve it. "When you took my sister away from me all I could think of was revenge against you!"  
  
"I did not take your sister, she married me by her own choice." My voice was firm now, the pain had left. "It no longer matters, I will right the wrongs you have committed."  
  
"No no no!" He said while waggling his finger and smirking. "You don't deserve that release! Just as you stole my precious sister from me so too shall I steal your revenge!"  
  
Ice climbed through my chest, he was going to say it before I could stop him. My legs were already pushing into the earth. I only had to get my hand around his throat and he would be mine. My fingers reached out in desperation, craving the bastard's horrid neck. *Please let me torture this man.* My brain couldn't handle another loss like this, I wouldn't have anything at all to live for.  
  
Finally my grip fell upon his neck, I was ecstatic. He would not escape me! I shook him in the beginnings of a rage I couldn't control when I realized it. His head hung limply forward, the skin I so fervently held had grown cold from Death's fatal touch. His eyes were white orbs, there was no soul to direct my rage at.  
  
He had won.  
  
*Narration: With his brother-in-law's death the man's mind went blank. He no longer could see the lifeless corpses of his family around him, he no longer could smell the blood still draining from his daughter's fatal wound, his ears could not perceive the ironic silence that filled the basement that so commonly echoed his screams, he no longer felt his mouth agape in hopeless shock. It seems the only action his mind was able to take was to whisper his final words.*  
  
"Goodbye cruel world."