I had never been fond of the color red.

My brush slowly sweeps across the empty canvas. A dimly lit candle weakly shines in the corner of my desk. There are no other lights in the street. Still, I continue my art. There's nothing that will stop me.

His face begins to take shape. His hair reaches across his head, brown highlights blending into the beautiful jet black color. The color slowly melts into the canvas. He used to chide me for staring at his hair, and then laugh. I would laugh along weakly, then continue my gaze.

The brown has an ugly shade to it now, but I try to ignore it. It will soon take shape, I tell myself. I dip the wooden brush into the water, and an iridescent ocean opens up inside. I stare amused as it slowly fades away into the gentle brown, boring color it was before. 

His eyes are next, I tell myself. His brother had the most green eyes- and girls would say they were beautiful. He was pushed aside, and only I noticed the deep coffee colored pools that he posses ed- it was something that his brother would never had- something that me drawn to him. They ignored him. I would not.

Brown. That hazel color would always return to my brush. I make the color fly across the canvas, and soon cocoa pools open from the white cover. They only go darker, and I put down the brush.

The eyes on the canvas do not meet mine. They meet the eyes of another distant star- another future away, and I drop the brush. His eyes will never meet mine. He will never look at me the way that he looks at a girl- because I am another boy. He will look away in disgust.

The canvas changes shape. He is more beautiful than ever, but his eyes- they do not change. Forever looking away at something more bright. 

It doesn't seem correct to me.

I can feel myself fading away. It's late into the night, and this time, I do not resist it. The darkness seeps into my mind and I let myself be carried away into the sky. There's nothing that can stop me.

Suddenly, the painting has changed. The perfect brown that once had covered the canvas is now gone, replaced with ugly shades of red. Red stretches on for miles, and I look at my hands, now stained with red. 

My now crimson hands lift the painting forwards- it's not alone. His body lies peacefully on the desk now too. He's covered in sanguine paint, far away. His eyes meet mine now.

I laugh- finally he sees me now. There's nothing more amusing now- the painting is not ruined. He finally sees. 

I had never been fond of the color red, but it always seemed to find me. 

~

Yes, I'm actually 12. 

