Imagine there's no heaven. No hell below us. NOTHING TO KILL OR DIE FOR.
-John Winston Lennon

Date: 17/12/2067
Today I want to write about an issue that is omnipresent and yet widely ignored by both the mainstream and the brainstream media throughout our zone. Little did we think that even after the peaceful conclusion to the 3rd blood war, the Vampires and Associated Predators (VAPs) would suffer conditions worse than before the wars had begun. What the United Nations (UN) fails to comprehend is that taxonomically, VAPs are haemophagious organisms and hence human blood is their sole source of food, nutrition, and appetite. Though the idea of these organisms being dependant on our lifeline would have been terrifying if an early millennial had heard about it, a lot of decades have passed since the VAPs came out of their shadows (not literally...duh!) and opened our eyes to realms of understanding that was way beyond our then level of comprehension. 

This article is in remembrance of the same day five decades ago in 2017, when the vampires who had been increasing in number due to their low (negligible?) death rate concluded a treaty with the then United States which was then still a country. Today treaties between zones are virtually corroborated and cerebrally linked with the concerned parties. But half a century ago was a confusing time when people used a pen and side by side a laptop (an ancestor of the ComputAi) to enter and record data. I mention this because when the Red Treaty was signed in 2017, between the humans and the VAPs requiring peaceful handling of Vampires and providing them regular packages of donated blood in exchange for their volunteering in the biological R and D program which the cunningly advanced US had quickly set up, the terms of the treaty could not be hardcoded into the common AI (which would only be established five years later in 2022). It was simply recorded on the "internet" and signed on some documents which are as of today, literally nowhere to be found except for in the recorded memories of people from that generation which the lab from zone 5 was kind enough to share with our agency. 

The irony though is not lost out on our entire generation who lives longer, has more organs than they know what to do with and think of vampires as nothing better than some annoying bugs, some of whom try to drink their blood and fail miserably. We have docushows and movies where vampires are predominantly comic characters whose sole purpose revolves around getting the much-needed cheap laughs. 

Vampires who depend upon the UN federation for their food (yes blood is their food and we need to accept the fact and come to terms with it) are treated like liabilities as every genetic code from their DNA has been extracted and successfully used to make humans surpass the VAPs in every possible way and in our psyche, we don’t need them anymore. Hence a system that was supposed to be based on mutualism is now without any balance and largely titled in the favour of humans. And those vampires who rebel against this system and take to hunting like before are classified as terrorists and are subjected to tortures that are synonymous with some of events of the mid 20th century. We are made to repeatedly forget that the vampires reached out to us in goodwill and that we responded with guns and technology that we extracted from them. 

Vampires are considered blood thirsty, uncivilized, ugly and weak pests, but what we are quick in forgetting is that they gave up their thirst for the sake of peace and we exploited it. Creatures that were once (the 1980s and 90s for example) thriving and hunting freely according to their will are now made to beg humans for drops of blood despite sacrificing their freedom and will. This is the story of how we now face the greatest travesty of our generation or any before. The most terrifyingly unnatural thing that can happen to a species is their only source of food being stronger in every possible way than themselves.