"Ken!", Rosanne said in an hushed voice, "wake up, I heard something in downstairs! I think someone is in the house!" Ken listened for a moment, hearing only the dull hum of the heater. He opened his mouth to dismiss his wife's panic when a loud clattering followed by deep voices speaking echoed up the stairs. Ken shot out of bed as quickly as his middle aged body could, immediately putting on a robe and flinging open the drawer to his nightstand. He scrambled to find the small key buried beneath the sea of useless papers and old wallets that he refused to throw away. Finding the key, he moved to the gun safe in the corner of the room, cursing the Libertarian Canadian Government and their strict laws on storing firearms as well as himself for abiding by said laws. Once open, he retrieved the Remington 870 and grabbed a fist full of 12 gauge 2 3/4 inch shells out of a silver cardboard box at the bottom of the safe. He quickly loaded 4 shells into the tube of the gun and stuffed the rest into one of the pockets in his robe. Rosanne grabbed the umbrella from her corner of the room and followed Ken out of the room, holding the umbrella with both hands next to head as if ready to strike a home run. Ken walked as quietly as possible down the stairs, gripping to wooden grip of his shotgun as his aging knees creaked and cracked with each step. He followed to voices to the kitchen and waited around the corner a moment. He assured he was waiting to catch them off guard but deeply he knew he was afraid of being beaten to death in his own home. Rosanne nudged his shoulder, motioning for him to go on the same way she would when she asked for him to kill a spider, or catch a mouse. Ken sighed nervously and swung around the corner, weapon pressed above his armpit. He pumped the shotgun loudly to both chamber a cartridge while also attempting to intimidate the would be intruders. At the same time, Rosanne flicked on the light switch next to his head, bringing light to the previously pitch black kitchen.
 
"FREEZE YOU GOD DAMN-!" Ken began to shout at the top of his lungs, but stopping due to the shock from seeing what truly was making a mess of his silverware. Before him stood to unholy looking abominations that he thought'd be only found horror movies. A creature a pale purple colour, so thin that it appeared to be only skin and bone. It stood with a arch, it's hands and feet bore long claws that emphasized the bony appearance of the creature. The beast's pointed and nearly skinless face held a evil stare, it's crooked teeth always showing due to it's lack of lips. A second identical creature stood a few feet next to the other, both staring with amber eyes at the middle aged man holding a loaded shotgun pointed straight at them.
 
"You dare order us still?" The creature growled, "You must jest if you truly believe I will adhere to the words spit by a mere mortal!"
 
Ken and Rosanne stood still, mouths agape in terror as the otherworldly creatures spoke. Despite their shock, Ken did not take his aim off the beast directly in front of him.
 
"Do know you what you speak to?", said the other creature, "I wager you do not have the slightest clue the power we hold."
 
"It is time the mortal world learned to fear to the underworld!", the other creature said, throwing down a handful of spoons, "we are servants of Hell! The first of many to come following the ritual! Once we open the portal, more will come and soon the mortal world as you know it will become a living hellscape! Running thick with the blood of the innocent!"
 
"But you should be thankful", the imp closest to Ken said, "you will be spared the experience yourself, as your blood will be spilled for the rit-!", The imp's words were cut short by deafening shot of a shotgun shell indoors. The imp's head shattered in a spectacular explosion, pieces of bone and viscera splattered the laminate counter tops and tile floor. The body collapsed onto the ground instantly, blood pouring from the neck where the talking imp's head formerly existed. Ken's facial still had not changed from the same look of shock as smoke drifted gracefully from the muzzle of his gun. Rosanne screamed, dropping umbrella and ran back upstairs, locking her self in the bathroom.
 
"By the gods!" The other imp gasped, "you killed him! How? How have you conjured such powerful witchcraft?! What kind of dark magic did you cast?!", the demon said fearfully. Ken snapped out of his trance and closed his open mouth, his face still holding the same look of fear. He looked up at the hell spawn and spoke the first thing that came to mind.
 
"...Winchester.", he said, as if the demon was asking what brand of ammunition he was using. Ken pumped the shotgun, the hollow plastic shell making a distinct sound on the tile floor. "I can show you it again if you want", he said, pointing the gun at the imp. The imp let out a shriek and jumped away from Ken, dashing into the open living room. A small portal as black as night appeared next to the imp, swirling and emitting a low groaning noise.
 
"Mortal!", the demon growled, "Conjurer of magic, Slayer of Demons, Defender of the mortal world! What is your name?"
 
"Ken Mitchell."
 
"Well Ken, we will be back again! Stronger and with greater numbers! Next time we will be sure to start our attack else where, then we will come for you!", the demon said with a devilish laugh as it stepped t back through the portal.
 
"Any mortal can get this, you know?" Ken said back quickly. The demon stopped in place and looked glared at Ken.
 
"Absolute horse shit!" The imp cried.
 
"In fact most people already can", Ken bluffed, "although people in Texas can't for some reason."
 
"Fool! Because of your loose tongue our next attack will begin in this so called 'Texas!' The blood of humanity will be on your hands! We will meet again Ken!", the imp said, backing into the portal, "and you will not be so fortunate!" The demon disappeared into the black void, the circling energy closing upon itself immediately afterwards. "What in the fresh hell just happened?" Ken mumbled to himself, feeling much more confident now having killed a literal demon from Hell. Ken unloaded the shotgun and went upstairs to comfort his wife.
 
In the coming week, Ken felt little surprise that none of the local news outlets believed his story. It didn't bother him at all really. To himself, he thought of himself to be a real life DOOM Slayer.
 
***
 
"I'm telling you, in one blast he blew Gaard's head clean off, like an invisible hammer strike!" The demon said to another, perched up high on brimstone rock.
 
"Did he speak? Swing a weapon?" replied another imp.
 
"No! Just a flash and bang and Gaard was dead! I watched it myself! He held a steel wand, garnished in wood!"
 
"He held a wand but cast magic without speaking the spell? Only a master sorcerer could do such a thing! Besides, mortals forgot how to cast magic two millennia ago! Are you sure you simply missed something?"
 
"Impossible, I didn't take my eyes off him! He was as still as a corpse! He did tell me the spell he cast though!"
 
"Well, what was it?" The imp asked eagerly.
 
"Winchester was the spell."
 
"Winchester?"
 
"That's what he said."
 
"Sounds like a load of crap, I've never heard of such a spell in my life."
 
"He also said nearly every mortal can cast it as well. It appears as though much has changed in the mortal world since we last seen."
 
"How do you propose we carry out the Dark One's plans now? We've no chance against such an opposition!"
 
"He did let slip a valuable piece of information before I fled", the imp said, leaning forward in his perch, "There is a place in which no mortal knows of such magic."
 
"Where?" The other demon asked, his interested piqued.
 
"Texas is the name of the location."
 
"Then Texas is the place we shall go...in time."