"Truth, an indiscriminate and uncontrollable law of the universe, has decided to use a single spigot with which to enlighten its charge. 

I did not give it the respect it deserved, and as such it shunned me as being unworthy and replaced me after having used me to do its bidding. It showed me the truth behind the cure for cancer, and world hunger, but those were not my acts, I merely fooled myself into thinking they were. I questioned the reverence of the force behind these acts, and it still endowed a final truth to me."

The detective read the blood spattered note again and again, continuously looking back at the corpse of the man who had single handedly accomplished more in a mere few months than most people would in three lifetimes. His body had been twisted and battered, but the note that had been laid before the mans corpse contradicted the horror before him. His vision began to swim slightly after fixating on the gruesome visage, he forced himself to regain composure and again examine the crime. Through practice, he recited the details of the situation leading up to police receiving a tip. "Two and a half months ago, a man proclaims to have an efficient cure for cancer, which he brings to a small pharmaceutical company to manufacture and sell at cost; a month after the cure is globalized, he brings the agricultural board a proposal to be sent to any that would like it. The proposal was for a crop rotation schedule that when worked in conjunction over a large area with different climates, could produce more than enough natural food for the world to be fed.. And now a month later we find him like this after receiving an anonymous tip about him being in danger.. Speaking of which-" the detective looked over his shoulder at his partner, "Do we have any leads on who gave that tip yet? I can't imagine someone breaking their own spine after all" a shrug and wagging head said more than enough to the detective, who frowned and faced forward again in response. A moment passed in silence before the detective stiffened and turned to face his partner with every intention of meeting his partners stare, but his eye was instead drawn past him, and directly inside of the bathroom just beyond where his partner was standing. Centered unnaturally in this room was a single shower head attached to a spigot coming from the ceiling, and to the detectives dismay, the rest of the room had been stripped bare. The detectives eyes widened as he clenched the note harder, absent mindedly taking slow steps towards and past his partner, who merely watched silently as he always had. The detective took a final step, positioning him beneath the shower head before realising that he had moved at all, he attempted to turn and face his partner again, but his will was not met by any action, instead an unfamiliar voice filled his inner ears, the feeling of death itself gripped the detective, just as he was gripping the note, "You have come seeking truth, and so you are tasked with the sacrifice truth requires." the detective knew where the voice came from, but could not possibly acknowledge his partner had said it, "The first was unworthy, truth exacted its cost when he had forsaken it for his vanity, only to repent in the end, like all children. Know now, the truth that will bring redemption to your kind, and spread this truth, as is the cost of knowledge." 

The detective felt a single drop of water hit his forehead.

-end-

Gonna be honest, haven't done any writing prompts for a long time, hope someone enjoys it.
