I sat quietly in the living room of what was once my father's house. He passed away last week after a long battle with cancer he couldn't win leaving me his house and possessions. The house felt empty and hollow without him as I sat looking at the pictures on the wall. 

I had hoped coming here might've relieved some of my grief but the ache refused to relent and I buried my face in my hands. I wept for a time letting the sadness and emptiness wash over me as I grieved for my father, the tears spilled from my eyes falling to the floor. 

"Please sir! You're drowning us!"

I sat bolt upright unsure if I had actually heard something. I listened for a moment sniffling confused by what I heard.

"Down here! By your feet!" I heard a small voice cry.

 I looked down between my feet and gaped at what my eyes beheld. Two tiny humans only a couple inches tall stood between my feet looking up at me.

"I've lost my mind..." I mumble to myself staring in disbelieve and utter confusion. I reached down placing my hand next to them and marveled as they climbed into my palm. I lifted them to eye level studying them with such rapt curiosity. 

They both kneeled bowing their heads. They wore simple tunics and breeches while one carried a small twig as a staff. "Bron, son of Brom who is father to all, our protector and our savior. May he watch over us and guide us." The two tiny men made a gesture over their chests as the one with the staff spoke. "We have searched for him for several days now. Our sun is extinguished and our train no longer runs. A vicious rat the size of a house is terrorizing our lands and consuming our crops." He paused and looked up towards my face with a fearful look in his eyes. "We wish to appease him so that he will return his good will to us and end this long night!" He finished bowing low on my hand as I watched and listened.

I stared silently at the two sure that I had somehow lost my mind in my grief. "Um..I'm sorry but I don't really understand. Where did you come from? Who are you?" I asked curiously.

The man with the staff spoke lifting his head and body from a bow to kneeling. "I am Marcus and this is my eldest son Michael. We come from the village of Karvathror that your father the almighty built for us." He replied 

"Where is your village?" I asked him.

"Over the carpet plains and down the woody mountains." Marcus replied pointing down the hall towards the basement door. 

I stood carrying them with me as I walked towards the basement and opened the door. I made my way down the stairs and flipped the light switch on as I reached the bottom. The two men shielded their eyes and cried out. "He has returned the sun to us!"  They continued praising as I walked further in to where my father had his toy train station setup. I stared in amazement as I watched the tiny houses open up and more of the miniature people poured out. They all cried out kneeling and bowing as they looked up towards the light and me.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Either I was an absolute nutcase or my father's favorite hobby wasn't playing with trains but being a God to these small people. I set the two men down from my hand and walked around the table looking at all that was set up. It seemed that my father had created a whole tiny ecosystem on a large table. It was filled with dirt and he had planted grass and some small trees. They created a small forest covering a large area of the box. A small puddle which looked like a pond rested in the center where the villagers tiny homes surrounded.

I saw where they had farmed areas and were growing what looked to be a tiny versions of wheat, beans, barley, and other vegetables. Tearing my eyes away I saw a bookshelf in the corner of the room filled with notebooks and binders with labels in my dad's handwriting. I curiously flipped through some of them and found notes my father had written on how he had mutated the genetic code of various plants using new CRISPR research to create fully functional exact replication versions of plants to make tiny miniature versions.

Reading further through his notes and journals I discovered he had discovered how to take his method for shrinking plants and apply it to animals as well. Then of how he acquired permission and samples to attempt it on human embryos.

I stared in disbelieve between what I was reading and the table where this entire tiny world resided that my father had created all in secret by mutating genetic code. I walked back to the table looking at my father's legacy bustling about cheering and celebrating as I pondered what to do. 

I talked with the villagers for a time and fixed their train and put out rat traps. I learned what I could from my father's books and from talking with the people. I explained to them why my father wasn't around for them and they taught me their histories short though they were.

Finally I made my decision. Something as monumental as this couldn't be wasted so I decided to continue experimenting, not with genetics but with my trade as a psychologist with societal and psychological studying.

After a couple weeks time I had set up an entirely new area complete with the a living ecosystem of fruits, vegetables, grass, and much more from my father's supply of seeds and then I took some of the animals from the first box placing them into the new one to grow and thrive. I told the villagers I would take the next male and female children born to the village to be the start of the new world. They happily agreed to such an honor from their God.

After a few days due to their rapid and short life cycles I had my pair of tiny children. I took them to the new box placing them in it. "Welcome to your new world, Adam and Eve." I say smiling as I watch them.



- I hope you guys enjoy this! Please let me know what I can improve on!