"Want to see something unusual, honey?" said Wanda. "The egg Gilberta laid today morning was much bigger than usual."

"Show me, my pet," said Vikram, and she did. Vikram shifted it from one hand to the other, turning it around and upside down. The egg was the size of a large water balloon and so perfectly oval it looked 3-D printed. Vikram held it up to his ear and rattled it like a magic-8 ball. He gave it a little sniff. 

"Interesting," he murmured. "Let's see if it actually holds up."

The omelette thus created was large enough to feed both man and wife. 

"That, was, delicious," sighed Vikram with satisfaction, mopping up the last of the egg yolk with white bread and giving a hearty belch. "I wonder what could have happened. They're usually not so big."

"Did you yell at her enough yesterday?" asked Wanda with concern.

"I think so," said Vikram thoughtfully. "I told her to twist her ugly black neck into a knot and die. I even called her a non-migratory, shit-eating, worm-fucker."

"Anything else?"

"I called her mother a duck."

"Oh!" cried Wanda. "That's all very well, but did you kick her?"

Vikram smacked his head.

"That's it!" he cried. "I forgot to kick the sunnuvaduck!"

"Maybe that explains it," said his wife quietly. "Maybe since you were so nice to her... her egg came out larger."

They both contemplated each other for a while, both thinking the same thing.

"Gilberta," cooed Vikram, stepping into the barn five minutes later, with his wife in tow. "Gilly, Gilly, Gilly! Where are you?"

Gilberta the goose was roosting peacefully on a pile of hay. The moment the beam of light from the open alley doors broke the floor, her eyes flew open. As she saw the familiar silhouettes enter, she gave a squawk and flopped away into a corner, wondering why her regular evening beating had been shifted to morning all of a sudden.

"Oh, no, no, no, no!" simpered Vikram, slowly bearing down upon the terrified bird. "Daddy's not here to hurt you! Daddy has a gift for you!"

Gilberta doubted it. She pressed herself against the back of the wall, feathers exploding off her neck in fear.

"You're scaring her!" hissed Wanda. "Idiot!"

Vikram held up his hands as a gesture of faith.

"No tricks," he said. "No whip either! C'mere, little goosey! C'mere! Aren't you a beautiful little goose?!"  

The goose began to calm down. This was new.

"You're a beautiful little goosey, aren't you?" said Vikram, drawing nearer. "The queen of gooses everywhere!"

"Geese," came a weary voice behind him.

"Geese, I meant," said Vikram hastily. He was now close enough to tickle the goose under the beak, which he did with great dexterity. 

Gilberta seemed to love it. She cocked her head to a side and blinked lazily up at him. It reminded Vikram of his wife at night. He also knew this to be an okay.

"Geese like you aren't one in a hundred," whispered Vikram in what he assumed was Gilberta's ear, "They're one in a million."

Gilberta clicked her beak twice. 

This is going to happen, thought Vikram, gulping. He couldn't believe it. Before he knew what was happening, they were nuzzling nose and beak. He could very likely get a zoonotic disease from this. But if it worked, it would be very well worth it. Behind him, his wife was shearing her fingernails on her chattering teeth. The goose gave his nose an impatient nip.

"Fuck it," thought Vikram, and he took the goose's quivering beak into his mouth whole. And massive, solid-gold eggs began to machine-gun out of the goose's bottom, smashing through the walls of Gilberta's pen and denting the back of the barn, before piling up in heavy clinks on the straw-strewn floor, the spoils of a gambit that had paid off spectacularly.