The morning was another grey one, but you knew what day it was immediately when the air seeped through your clothes, and you realized you really could have used that pair of long johns. You took another drag off the first cigarette of the day and felt your fingers tingle a little bit when you noticed that it went on a bit too long.

 You threw away the coffin nail, missing the bin by a long shot, and braced the outside world when you stepped to the street from under the canopy. The air felt heavy to breathe for the dew that hung upon the waking town. Somewhere else it might have felt fresh and sobering, but the smog deprived you of that experience.

 You could see the frost on the grass and you felt it crunch under your feet when you cut across the woodlawn to get to the subway entrance. You hung your head down, just low enough so that you wouldn't need to see anyone's face, and you upped the volume on the song that once made these mornings easier, but now just filled you with the dread of knowing what the day would bring upon you once again. You descended on the escalator and tapped your fingers on the railing, but not because of the song, but because of habit.

 Miserably aware of your surroundings you coughed into your sleeve one time too many, and saw an old lady in front of you give you a condescending look. You tried not to acknowledge her and shifted your weight from one foot to another and buried your gaze in to your cellphone with the notice of no notifications on the screen. The escalator ride ended, not a moment too soon, and you felt relief wash over you as you saw the old lady go the other way.

 You took your coffee to go from the corner stall and checked your phone for time. You knew that you were way too early again, but you were too paranoid to set your alarm a minute later because you also knew that the pillow was as warm and inviting as things that were designed to be warm and inviting could be.

 You sipped the coffee slowly and tried not to watch the people go by. They scoffed their nose at something when they went, but you didn't pay no mind. You had seen how the commuting people looked at vagrants. You knew the nine-to-fivers were afraid of the poor, because we were all told as a kid that we should not have to acknowledge the things under our beds.

 Then you turned your head to cough on your sleeve once again and saw whom the people were distancing themselves from. You didn't know then that you could almost choke on a cough, but you knew from then on.

 It couldn't be, you murmured. She was a continent away. You turned around your coffee's orbit and started walking towards her, because sometimes stupidity, courage and curiosity could be nigh inseparable when observed close enough. You hadn't seen her in years. She was married. You had learnt not to contemplate on these things too much.

 When you got close enough, you realized it wasn't her, but you couldn't avert your course anymore, and for a reason you knew too damn well you didn't even want to.

 She looked at you and smiled the warmest of smiles. You asked who she was and if you knew her and the answers were exactly what you expected. You had seen her in your musings in the smallest hours of the morning, when the lights were off and the people partying outside the window had gone just far enough away that you knew you were all alone in the world.

 You walked with her and changed pleasantries. You knew what you wanted to do more than anything, but you kept your distance. It felt natural, it felt inevitable, but it also felt so unreal that you were afraid that you would fall apart if you did even the slightest thing wrong. And you knew that the people around would think you were mad. You watched her board her tram, as elegantly as ever and saw through the window the passengers shifting ever so slightly away in disgust. The car started to roll away, slower in your head than it really did and you couldn't do anything but stare.

 You heard the PA call the departures and you took a few running steps to your subway car. You stepped inside, and once you found an empty seat you laid your hand on the safety rail and your fingers started to tap the same tune as before. You looked outside towards the empty wall and realized, that you had made the same mistake again.  You knew where your tram was headed. You hadn't had the courage to embrace her before and you didn't have the courage to embrace Her today.

 You laid your head against the window and wept.