I turned over to my friend, or, in reality, the rotten, scantily remains of him. He’d been rotted down to the bone. 

It was pain to turn, my neck bones cracking and crumbling.

“Hey, Stross” I said to him. I don’t remember his first name. Only Stross. 

“Yeah, Rivers” He answered back. He only remembered my last name. Neither of us remembered our first names. 

“Stross, how long have we been down here Stross?” My raspy voice called out. His blank, nearly eyeless skull looked back at me. 

Nobody knew. 

Months? Years? Decades? Millennium?

We didn’t know anything about anyone of the people on board. Names, ages, hometowns, nothing. All we knew is one thing. We were sailors.

On my buddies name tag, it read P. Stross. Stross is his last name, but I still didn’t know his first name. Perry, Peter? I’d never be able to guess. 

Our Captain, Daniels, was walking our way. He looked at my and smiled, or at least attempted. He had no skin. I forgot what skin looks like. All the sailors down here are skeletons. Corpses, remains.

“Men, battle stations” he yelled out. “If we get those Japs this time, maybe, just maybe”. Daniels was superstitious, he thought that if we were finally able to sink that Japanese ship above us, we’d be free to go home. Bullshit.

We didn’t know if their was even an outside world to return too. Stross and I had always guessed that we were the only ones left in this twisted reality. 

Maybe we were in the depths of hell itself, doomed, for eternity, to repeat our deaths.

Over, and over, and over.

We tried suicide. The bullets did nothing, just bounced of. We tried starvation, but we don’t need to eat. Our mess has been deserted forever.

We don’t get hungry

We don’t get thirsty 

We don’t get tired

We can’t feel anything. 

On our sonar, we saw it approaching. It was a Japanese ship, also trapped with us in this in our little eternal battle. It always went the same. We’d shot two torpedoes at the Japs and at the same time they’d send down a depth charge. We’d both die, than our ship would just come back together. The seas we were sailing never ended. We’ve sailed thousands of miles, in many directions, but it never ends. It’s as if all that is left of the world is the sea.

Sometimes I wonder. Have we just been separated from the world, or are we all that remains of it? 

Captain Daniels, and Stevenson, another sailor on board, loaded the torpedoes to fire. Maybe that’s why we’re in the loop. We gotta shot down the Japanese, than, maybe, just maybe, we’ll get free. 

On the sonar, the Japs were making their way. We fired two torpedoes at them, and they sent down a depth charge to us. 

The ship cracked. 

It flooded so quickly, our lungs got filled with gallons and gallons, and gallons of salty brine water. For just a second above me, I could see em. The Japs. 

Their ship had been obliterated, I could see human shaped blobs struggling in the water. 
Were they suffering as much as we were



We were back in the submarine, safe and sound as if nothing ever happened. 

Hell, it must be hell. 