I felt my expression darken despite the flames tinging my face. That voice, then the explosion. What had happened? I pulled over and ran to assist... a burned corpse. I was a tad too late.

In the corner of my eyes I caught a glimpse of an old man wearing a fluorescent green vest with a robe underneath and badge of the Traffic Control unit. I bolted toward him, fury burning inside me like the car of that diseased good man.

"Have you all lost your minds? Murdering people for speeding?" I hauled his shoulder for him to face me.

And he did.

I stood speechless. That silvery hair. Those networks of wrinkles. That white robe.

"Sir, Sir Ian McKellen?" I rubbed my eyes, I must have been experiencing some kind of trauma.

He waved his hand. "Gandalf. And to answer your question, there are too many lives lost due to speeders," he said. "Way too many."

I frowned, what in the world was happening? "But you could surely not *kill* them with a ball of fire, which I wasn't sure you could cast," I said. "No offense."

Gandalf loomed over me, damn but he was tall. "Non taken, I'm an Istar, that should answer your question," he said and his eyes darted to a passing car. It exploded, this time there was no fire but a white wave bursting from inside. "I'm having more fun with this job than when I fell with the Balrog."

"I'm sure you are." A flickering shine meddled with my view, I tracked where its source and my pressure dropped. He wore a ring, a familiar one. Could it be? "Do you know where Frodo is, perhaps?"

"That crazy hobbit must be in the Shire, that one doesn't speeds, that's for sure." He laughed a mischievous laugh. "Why?"

I shrugged. "Curiosity. Keep doing your job Officer Gandalf."

"Damn sure I will." He placed a hand in my shoulder and his eyes grew dark like a winter night. "Don't speed."

"I-I won't," I said and walked off.

Gandalf wouldn't murder innocent people, let alone with magic.

It had to be the ring. I had to embark in an adventure and seek Frodo.

That's what I did, minding my speed.

---------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall - a lighthearted one to start the day.