The ground beneath Callie's boots both crunched and jangled, as she stomped her way up the trail. The mountain was half rock and half metal -- a melted river of copper and iron poured over a vast steel-rock framework, with soil and boulders and tufts of grass sprinkled over the top like icing sugar. A Forgery, some called it. Mainly those in the Eden movement. They would have refused to put even a single foot onto a Forgery. But they were still few and far between, living mostly underground in the vast cave networks man had been reborn into. No more than a cult. 

"Come on, friend Callie!" yelled Ismael. "It's not much farther now to the summit."

Callie groaned as she looked up at the wall of half-rock in the distance, the top portion swallowed by thick gusts of nano-cloud. It was simple for Ismael. His arms and legs were designed for climbing. Muscular, vascular, nails like claws, palms like hooves. The Canataurs had existed for hundreds of years, before re-emergent humans had found them. They already spoke a broken English, and were nothing but peaceful and enthusiastic to their 'new friends' -- at least, to begin with. They were a simple race, too. A race who lived at one with nature, never questioning where they had come from or where they were heading. Living generation to generation, hand to mouth, moving with the bio climate. If not simple, they were certainly idealistic. When humans had finally emerged from their cocoons, it was the Canataurs that had shown them kindness, protecting them from less *well meaning* new species. Their magic sheltering them from the Dark. They had shown them what fruits were safe for full-organics, and what herbs wouldn't destroy their insides like napalm.

And how did we repay them, Callie thought, as a sour taste blossomed in her mouth. With death and slavery, that's how. With war for territory. *With humanity.* It would have been better for everyone if humans had never left the Caverns. 

If we'd never awoken.

It had been slow progress, gaining Ismael's trust. An entire year before they had become anything like friends. Almost *four years* before he had revealed his secret to her.

Her steel pick chipped into the half-rock, and she dragged her self up the wall bit by bit. Loose stones careened down beneath her, struck by spears of midday sunlight that snuck through the nano-cloud. Ismael was always near her, encouraging and supporting. 

"Almost there, almost there, friend Callie," he chirped. Callie looked up to see him hop over the top of the rock-wall and vanish from sight. She still had a way to go yet.

The cold bit at Callie now, and she was grateful Ismael had forced her to take so many layers. The nanocloud swirled like a tempest around her, casting tiny, piercing knives of ice that stung her bare face, and somehow found gaps between her sweaters. Once she got to the top, she'd put on another layer-

There was a *clang* as her left pick struck a bare patch of metal, and was unable to find a bite.

*Clang*

She struck the wall again, desperate to find rock. 

*Clang*

"Ismael!" she yelled, as her right arm shook from the effort of supporting her entire body alone. She scrambled with her feet, desperate to find purchase.

"Ismael! Please!"

A grip like an iron vice grasped her shoulder.

"It's okay, friend Callie, I've got you," said the Canataur, leaning over the ridge. He slowly pulled her up over the ledge, and to the relative safety of the top plateau. The wind beat against Callie's ears, and between that and her heartbeat, she could barely hear a thing.

Ismael's mouth was moving.

"Huh? I can't understand," she yelled through the howling wind, pointing to her ears.

He was excited. Frantic. He lifted a hoofed hand and gestured behind her.

She turned.

There, in a rocky alcove, covered by a sheen of thick ice, was... *something*.  Something metal, and yet still almost... *human*.

"Is that..."

"Yes, Callie," cried Ismael. "That is the last creator!"






 