I recently discovered, due to some quantum flux in my kitchen, that demons are not the malevolent shadows that we suppose them to be.  They are in fact very real, quite docile, and at least as superstitious as we are.  If they are evil, the word requires a new definition, one that includes cowardice, paranoia, and an unwillingness to come out of the bathroom.

It was a Wednesday morning that, instead of pulling toast out of the toaster, I pulled a flaming sword out of a couch cushion.  Neither the sword nor the couch were counted among my belongings, so the reader will imagine my confusion.  To further it, the room in which I now stood was dark and the only light issued forth from the flame of the sword.  I saw nothing here that resembled my kitchen, nor any other room I might have wandered to in a waking daze.  The floor was carpet rather than hard wood, the television was a mere fifty-eight inches across, the blinds were cheap and Venetian.  Simply for the sake of self-assurance, for the sake of establishing the reality of the place, I said aloud into the darkness -

"I am no longer in my kitchen."

It was then that I heard a whimper.  Startled, I turned the flame of the sword in its direction.  Three small children - for in the smallness of the light they *were* children - gaped at me from under a blanket on the floor.  The fear in their eyes was absolute and in spite of my own predicament I pitied them.

"Who are you?" I said.

This simple question put them into such a fright that all three of them leapt up and sprinted out of the room.  There being nothing else to do, I followed the sound of their footsteps through the dark house, holding the sword before me to provide light by which to see.  The scuffling and scraping of feet led me down a hallway and up a flight of stairs and finally to a door at the edge of another hallway.  

I knocked a friendly knock - *rap* tap-a-tap *rap* - and was greeted in return by a terrible shriek.  In an attempt to calm them, in a measured voice I said,

"Screaming doesn't help."

The screaming stopped, but it seemed to me that they must still be afraid.  The fear was palpable, as if I could smell it through the door.  As I pondered what to say that might coax them out, one of them spoke softly through the door.

"What do you want?"

What did I want?

"I want to know who you are, and I want to know why I am here."

There was frantic whispering.  It was evidently of dire importance to them they answered these questions precisely.  The whispering came to a sudden halt and the same little voice crept under the door.

"We're sorry."

A strange and unsolicited apology.  I could neither accept nor refuse it.

"Where am I?"  This time with more force.

"We don't know."

"Well who are you?"

"We can't say."

"You don't know where you are?"

"We don't know where *you* are."

Cheeky little bastard.  I became angry.

"Well then tell me where *you* are.  And perhaps I, through inference, can deduce my own location."

More whispering.  It went on for longer this time and it was apparent to me that there was an argument amongst them.  I was near to testing the power of the flaming sword against the engineering of the door - but an answer came that stayed me:

"We are in you."

*** 

This response made little sense to me.  But neither did not being in my kitchen.  I decided to pursue the absurdity.

"How can you be in me if I'm on the other side of the door?"

"We didn't think you were real."

*"I told you we shouldn't have touched it."*

*"Shut up."*

"Touched what?  What did you touch?"

"Nothing.  We didn't touch nothing.  Anything.  We're sorry."

"What did you touch and why am I not real?"

*"He knows we touched it."*

*"Will you shut up?!"*

"We didn't *think* you were real."

"And what did you touch?"

"Nothing!"

"Dammit, who are you?!"

"We can't say."

Overwhelmed by their mastery of this peculiar form of conversation, I bellowed and shook my flaming sword.

"I'm going to count down from five.  If I reach zero, and you haven't opened this door - "

"It's under the blanket!"

*"Shut up!"*

"The blanket?"

"Downstairs under the blanket!"

"Is that what you touched?  You touched something that's downstairs and under the blanket?"

"We didn't touch it!  We're sorry!"

I understood that as an affirmative.  With an acute anxiety, the origins of which were unfathomable to me, I retreated down the hall, the stairs, the other hall, and returned to the place that was supposed to be my kitchen.  The blanket lay on the floor.  Underneath it something moved.  In the strange light of the sword I crept towards it and lifted it up.

***

The thing that moved was black and round and the size of my fist.  The movement was a steady and rhythmic pulse, as the beat of a drum or the twitching of something dead.  It lay there on the floor and to the eyes it was insignificant - morbid perhaps, but no more than a curiosity.  Yet I knew that I would be unwise, in this place that was not my kitchen, to trust my eyes.

After some time had passed, I heard their little feet creep around the corner, their little mouths whisper.  Remembering now, in the light of this world and from this distance in time, I imagine what I must have appeared to them: A great and mythical presence bathed in the light of my sword and crouched before this thing that should not be.  A terrible apparition I must have made!

I did not need to look to know that they were there.  Even knowing the form the answer would take, I had to ask the question:

"What is it?"

The one who seemed their speaker spoke -

"If you won't know then we can't say."

"I won't know?"

"You won't."

The black thing pulsed.  Though I desired to know with all my heart what it was, what it meant, what it portended, I didn't dare to touch it.  Did I know then what I was looking at?  I can only hope I didn't - for if I knew it then I must concede to know it now - and I won't.

"How can I go back?" I said.  

"You can't go back."

"I can't go back?"

They must have heard or felt my rage - perhaps desperation - for they backed away from me.  But the one who spoke braved one more riddle.

"There is only going forward."

I won't know what he meant or how I understood it.  I will only report that having said this he and his coward friends vanished from my sight and left me in my glow and the darkness before the thing that moved.  I stood and raised the sword and with all my strength I brought it down before me.

***

And this was precisely the moment, dear reader, that instead of impaling the thing that should not be with my flaming sword, I pulled a piece of toast out of my toaster.  I was back in my kitchen, a place I may or may not have occupied simultaneously and meanwhile (quantum fluxes being strange to me) and the toast was lightly toasted according to my wont.  I examined the toast thoroughly, and finding nothing devious about it I munched it dry with coffee.

And yes, that is the end of the story.  If I won't know what it means then you can't either.  