I reach for a glass to pour my next customers drink. My hand and arm curves through space, spiralling through dimensions and shifting state before landing on target. I don’t have to draw it back. I was already handing the full glass to the customer before I began to move. Strands of time knot around me and effect follows cause. The glittering liquid crystal in the container phases into the kaleidoscopic wheel of light that persists at my bar. The impossible colours translate through innumerable patterns, the crystal of it’s drink refracting the light onto surfaces that don’t exist. I know it enjoyed the experience and I communicate my gladness. Currency appears on the polished, eternal surface of the bar. It spins perpetually.

Space twists itself into a knot around a thing my brain refuses to see. I try to focus, and my eyes shut down. Pain rhythmically blossoms in my occipital lobe, the pattern conveying the visual glitch’s order. I hear my way to the right bottle, and grab the screaming creature by the neck. This is the last one I have, I think. But then there are more, and I stop fretting. The clear vitreous humour bursts forth - once, twice - and the screaming raises in volume. I throw the empty creature away, and it spirals over the edge, falling out of reality. The walk back takes strange eons. I place the glass on the bar and dress it with an eyeball on a cocktail stick. My vision returns and the hammering rhythm in my grey matter ceases. The glass is empty and the visual glitch is gone. The money spins perpetually.

Everything is burning and I have never not been on fire. My nerves sing with the agony of the eternal flames. You’d think it would mellow with time, but time is on fire as well, so it doesn’t really help. I negotiate my way through the scorching topology of space to get the perfect fire what it wants. It’s a hard order to fill, given the conditions. The tesseract of absolute zero takes an infinite amount of time and energy to create and only exists for an instant. The fire implodes around it and the two of them cease to exist. I have always been cold, just like everything else. Except for the warm coins that spin perpetually.

The effluent of a trillion trillion universes pours through the establishment, an unspeakable torrent of filth. The smell resonates through dimensions and I hold my breath. It politely stays on its side of the bar, making my job a lot easier. I don’t have what it wants, but I’ll happily go out and get it. It’s a good customer and good conversation. I tumble up-down-left-right-forwards-backwards through a tunnel in reality, slip between branes, and spiral along vibrating strings, eventually stepping into my kitchen at home. Under the sink is a mostly full bottle of drain cleaner. I smile, and return to my bar. I bump into myself a few times on the way back. I carefully reach over the bar and pour the contents of the bottle into the indescribable morass of churning fluid. It becomes quiescent, and begins to drain away. It spends lifetimes leaving, there is a lot of it after all, and it tells jokes the whole time. It would be much easier to laugh if I weren’t holding my breath. A final wave laps onto the bar to leave the money and a nice tip spinning perpetually. 

Galaxies die behind my eyes and reality dwindles around me. Constants approach zero and my molecular structure unravels. I watch my hands turning to dust as the forces that hold them together dissipate. Molecules become atoms become particles become evanescent wisps and expand into nothingness. I cease to be, as does everything else. It’s quite peaceful, really. And then I exist again. Coins spin on the bar perpetually.