When I was a young girl, everyone told me the end of the world would happen within my lifetime. It was a lot of stress to take on at such a young age, knowing something I couldn't stop was going to take everything I knew. 

It started with a war. Just a small one, but all the very big countries got involved. That was fine, I was only twelve, I understood war but not in the gory details as I do now. My father left and would never return again.

Then came famine. With the wars ongoing, nobody could afford to eat. I was fourteen, so my mother always did her best to make sure that in the end of it all, I had enough food to eat. People starved and died along the streets. Farms vanished into thin air, supermarkets were robbed on the daily. I was watching the world fall into anarchy.

The war ended when I was sixteen. My country won, our army was too great and powerful even for the rest of the world. I thought that would be the start of rebuilding, but plagues set upon us.

Death was always haunting me. By age eighteen I was confident that it wouldn't be long until death took me as well. Not without some form of pleasure, at least. I ventured down into my family's basement, the walls that were once lined with food, games, and joy were barren. I looked to the generator that we used only in emergencies. My mother was no longer here to yell at me to not touch it. I went over and hooked it up to an old TV and a VCR box. With great reluctance, I placed a Mr. Rogers tape in hopes of dying with love in my heart.

"When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, "Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping."" The voice said quietly into the small room. 

"If only, Mr. Rogers, if only."

"Well now, if only is a very sad way to think about it, there's always someone who wants to help you. It could be a friend, or a family member, or maybe even a stranger." Mr. Roger's mouth didn't move on the TV as he said that. He was still walking through his neighborhood like the episode normally goes. I looked around, confused as to where the voice came from.

"Jesus Christ, I'm going to die and I'm going to be insane while I die." 

"Well, I have a lot of very insane friends, but that's what makes them all unique and special." Another voice said. This one was not quite as recognizable as Mr. Rogers. It sounded like it belonged in a Muppet or something.

"Alright, if you're robbers, just take what you want. I don't care anymore." I said, slowly standing up from where I sat. 

"Ah, but why take from nature? You just gotta learn to live with it." An Australian said. I rolled my eyes.

"Alright, alright, I get it. Just leave me alone so I can die in peace." I groaned.

"No, you just need some friends, that's all." I felt someone's hand gently pat my back. I spun around to see Bob Ross staring at me, a smile along his face. With him, I also saw Mr. Rogers, Jim Henson, and some Australian looking dude.

"Uh, aren't you all... dead?" I asked. Henson laughed kindheartedly. 

"Aren't the four horsemen just from a very old art piece? Come on, we can bring peace back to the world, but we can't do it without you." Bob Ross said. They all looked at each other with light shining in their eyes. 

"Me? I'm not sure I can fulfill, uh, anything you guys can." 

"Well of course you can, you have more hope in your heart than anyone else in the world, hope to make the world a better place. It just starts with you." Mr. Rogers said, gently pushing me forwards. I started to walk, surprised by the fact that he was right. I truly did have hope for a better world. I just wasn't sure how to make it happen.

"Lets start making the world a better place then, shall we? Each to their own." Mr Rogers said. Ross wielded a paintbrush, Henson held up strings, Rogers prepared a trolley and Erwin began to examine the surroundings.

"On my mark, ready-" Henson began, pulling a string upwards. 

"Wait! What am I supposed to do?" I looked around frantically for a stick, or something, any form of weapon.

"You? All you've gotta do is believe!" They all said at the same time. This was insane. We were going to fight death and the end of the world with believing. Still, with every ounce of energy I had, I held my head to the sky, closed my eyes, and believed. I believed in a place where people just as caring as Mr. Rogers existed, where life was something that all animals and people deserved, where childhood fantasy ran wild, where beautiful landscapes were painted. A world where anything is possible, if all you do is just try. 

And when I opened my eyes again, I realized I was already in that world. All I had to do was just remind everyone of it. 

\\Young writer, interested in improving skills. Critique appreciated//