I'm not sure how it has come to this. I was driving down the highway, back from work, as usual, when a massive truck hit the side of my car, leaving from a side road.

At first, it surprised me, but then, the surprise stopped, the pain stopped, and the world stopped. No movement at all.

I crawled out of the flipped car. I was no longer on a road, I was in a forest, standing in front of a glowing door.
I walked in, as if in a trance, and sat down on the one white chair in the blank room. I no longer understood a thing, I wasn't worried or afraid, just confused.

As if feeling my confusion, a glowing light appeared from the white ceiling and told me, with a soothing voice:

"Adam," it said, appearing to know me, "although, in life, you were an atheist, you were immensely good. Do you know who I am?"

"I don't know... God?" I replied, in a mocking tone.

"Yahweh. One of the gods." Corrected a tall black man coming from behind me. "I am Anubis, at your service."

Somehow, the presence of literal gods didn't strike me as weird or off-putting as I think it should. "At my service?" That choice of words sounded strange for me, coming from a _god_. "Don't you have better things to do?"

"Adam, you changed the life of many people," Yahweh continued, "so your soul holds a lot of power. You see, I am not omnipotent, none of us are. But we can act using the power of the souls of people who believe in us. That is why I am currently the one with the largest power and believer rates."

"So you want me because I have a high power associated with me?" I asked, still confused.

"All you have to do is choose one of us, choose me and you'll go to the Duat, towards eternal life. I'll even spare you the trials on the way." Anubis said, and put a hand on my shoulder. "Quick and easy." He proceeded to walk to a wall and open a stone door – looked like rough sandstone – and stand in front of it.

"Choose me and I promise you an eternal life of peace and happiness by my side." Yahweh added.

"I actually _did_ expect you to be a self-absorbed asshole, so no surprise there," I replied, "but I thought you wouldn't use yourself as a feature to sell yourself. Also, a life of goody-two-shoeness doesn't appeal to me. At all. Are you two my only options?"

As soon as I finished the last word, as if they were listening – they probably were, in all honesty – a murder of crows stormed in, taking the shape of a white man, with a short blond beard, blond hair and an eyepatch with a red-haired woman by his side. "Odin, another option," he said. "And this is Hel." He pointed to the lady by his side.
"Come with me and you will be taken to my underground haven, where you'll eat, drink, socialize and have fun. And also practice magic," she said. She then extended her hand to me.

"Choose, son, for we are not the only ones," Yahweh adverted. "There are infinities of gods willing to take you to their afterlife, and I it's only a matter of time until Hades gets here as well."

And there I was, faced by mighty deities, with the opportunity to go to Heaven, the Duat or with that Hel lady to whatever place he wants to take me. A choice that, apparently, holds vital role in these gods' powers. I couldn't _just choose_. 