All I remember are lights, and blackness. Two points of light, too bright, too close. A car horn. Then the blackness. No sound, no light, no feeling of any sort. I felt like I should be panicking, but I couldn't seem to muster any sort of emotion at all. Then, in the distance, one more point of light appeared. I moved toward it, realizing I had no legs to move with, and yet I moved nonetheless. As it grew brighter, I felt warmth, security, peace... it was like coming back to the home I never realized I had. 

At the edge of my vision, the darkness.... STIRRED. It swirled, and moved like a living creature. I could do nothing but watch as a massive, gnarled hand swung out from the black void, somehow both right in front of me and yet further away than could ever be reached. The pleasant feelings from the light were extinguished, as waves of malice rolled over me from this void's limb. It moved toward me, palm open, as though to grab me and hide me from the light forever. I would have shut my eyes, if I'd had any. As it blocked my path, it stopped, fingers spread, then it slowly closed all its fingers, except for one. It.... was asking me to wait? 

The void began to belch forth more of this creature. Slowly, as the void surrendered its hold on the massive body, disappearing like smoke in some places, clinging like tar in others, I saw a shoulder, a torn wing, gnarled horns above pointed ears, and more scars everywhere than I could count. The eyes opened, glittering black under a heavy, mottled red brow. Those eyes looked right at me, they seemed to pierce right through me to my soul. Although, I noted, I really wasn't much more than a soul at the moment anyway. 

A sound which could only be described as rocks falling onto the strings of harps which had once been beautiful came from the monstrosity in front of me, somehow congealing into a voice. "Wait, Heaven-bound. I have need of you."

Now I REALLY wished I could feel panic. I couldn't move past this creature without disappearing into the void, and having seen how the void jealously clung to even this monster I knew I couldn't go near it. I tried responding, but I knew only how to move vocal cords which no longer existed. I managed to make a tinkling sound. 

"You need not worry, Heaven-bound. I cannot claim you." I looked on, still mistrustful, as it continued. "I am the Morning Star. Prince of Earth. Satan." I waited for fear to consume me. It didn't. Must be something to do with not having a body. Perhaps most emotions were mostly chemical? 

The head in front of me tilted slightly. The mouth wore a permanent scowl, not moving as more words filled the air. "You are learning to communicate quickly. Good. Yes, you no longer have a body, and thus no longer have neurochemical transmitters to foul your thoughts. No adrenaline, no dopamine, no serotonin." I felt perplexed, then surprised that I felt perplexed. Apparently some emotions were less chemical than others. 

How did this creature know my thoughts? Why was it lecturing me on science? 

"Because you wish to communicate, so you do. And I should know how the human body works. I was there when it was designed. Not that it matters a great deal to you any longer."

Pausing a moment, I formed a question. "What do you ask of me? Why should I not flee past you, if you say you cannot stop me?"

"I ask for your help in commanding my armies. In life, you apparently oversaw many battles. You were defeated time and again and yet learned from your mistakes, coming back to win many times more." I wanted to interrupt to qualify his statements, but he continued, "Humanity has waged war for aeons, and in time all those who sought war have come to me for their punishment." The malice radiating from Satan's body grew stronger, turning to fury, pain, and.... embarrassment? "However, recently warmongers have come to hell with such experience, such hatred in their souls, and such myriad dead along with them, that they turned on me and overthrew me! I have terrified the damned since the fall of man! HOW DARE THEY TURN ON ME!" I tried to back away from the literal hellfire that engulfed the raging demon in front of me. Even the void around him shrank back. 

I waited and watched as the flames, belching pestilent smoke, slowly subsided. Satan turned again to me. "I can offer you nothing. You are already promised eternal glory. I can threaten you with nothing. You are bound to heaven, and are beyond my torment. I only have this moment, as you pass from one life to the next, to waylay you and ask you to lend your experience to my armies. However, if you assist me, I can promise to you that those who orchestrated the early deaths of millions of their fellow humans will no longer rule in hell, but will suffer the punishment they have earned."

I waited only a moment, peering at the elysian light beyond the charred beast, and tinkled, "I agree."

The great beast dug his claw into the ichor surrounding us, pulling out what looked like a living shadow. He held it up and shook it, flinging black smoke back into the void, and leaving a cloak which he held up to me. "It will hide your light until you leave my realm. Put it on." I moved toward it, intending to reach out to grab it, but realized I had no arms. A moment's reflection on how I had learned to communicate, and I willed my way into the cloak. It was more of a formless shroud, as it wrapped around me. Like a nightmare's shifting scene, we were in hell, as though we had never traveled at all and had been standing here forever. Untold masses of souls shrieked, the burning plains and lakes of sulphur stretching in every direction. I looked down at them all, somehow separate, and above the masses. That at least felt familiar. Satan pointed at a large gathering in the distance. "They hide there, on that mountainside. Hell is somewhat formless, but they dig into the mountain for protection from my demons and fix it in place with their machinations. My armies once threw themselves at that place, but they knocked us from the sky with their thrown rocks, halted my beasts with their spears and trenches, and buried the greatest of my monsters under land slides."

I saw thousands of humans clawing at the mountain, some with crude pickaxes, digging tunnels and holes, trenches and barricades. They had long ago set up what appeared to be rocks on platforms that could be triggered to roll down the mountain, trebuchets that could hurl boulders, and large smelting plants that took advantage of the hellfire springing from the depths. I also noted that everyone seemed to be mining and building, with no guards stationed anywhere. In Satan's absence, their guard had become lax. This gave me an idea. 

I turned to Satan and laid out a simple plan. "We need no leaders. We need no siege weapons. We need no beasts or monstrosities. Their guard is down, and we will crush them with surprise. Let roll the blackest cloud of smoke, summon every imp and lesser demon, we attack immediately!"

Satan smiled at me, his eyes lighting up with barely contained hatred and the promise of vengeance, and black smoke poured from his fetid jaws. It sank to the valley below and flowed toward the mountain, obscuring everything in its path. A low rumble emanated from his whole being, like bones hammering on giant drums. I heard the cackle and screech of millions of tiny demons as they rushed toward the mountainside under the cover of blackness. I watched as the condemned souls on the mountain rushed to drop their armfuls of rock and hurry to the trenches to face an enemy they could not yet see. 

Too late, they grabbed their spears and pointed the tips toward the black fog. Demons in the shapes of huge spiders and venomous snakes and rabid dogs rushed against the wall of spears, and for every one impaled on a pike, a dozen more rushed between the spears to claw at the faces of those behind. The horde of foul creatures swarmed up the mountain, everywhere at once. The leaders at the top screamed down at their fellow condemned, ordering them to unleash the landslides and trebuchets. Thousands of tons of rocks hurtled down the mountain, crushing demons and struggling defenders alike. Boulders flew through the air, no sooner landing and crushing a dozen demons than a dozen more clambered over it to continue their crazed assault up the mountain. Awash in tiny beings of pure bloodlust, the humans fell. For all the plans of their leaders, grandiose campaigns of war, they were torn to shreds by mad dogs' teeth.

"HA HA HA HA! FLEE, COWARDS! YOU ARE ONCE AGAIN POWERLESS BEFORE ME! NOW SUFFER!" The Lord of Hell roared in perverse pleasure as his lowliest minions tore apart the defenses and smelters of those who had claimed his throne. I looked down at the battlefield, a familiar sense of somewhat cheap accomplishment welling within me. Winning by striking an unprepared enemy. A cheap victory, but a victory all the same. 

"Thank you, Heaven-bound." Satan addressed me, waving his great claw toward me. I felt myself begin to fade away, and the point of blessed light surrounded by void once again appeared before me. Before I completely faded from his realm of fire and filth, Satan asked me one last question. "Where did you learn so simple and effective a tactic?"

I would have smiled if I could, and as warmth and safety and peace filled me from the realm I was destined for, I tinkled back to Satan, "Zerg rush."