     The light, it /hurt/ so damned much. My mouth was dry as well. I tried to move my lips, however, the pain I instantly felt told me they were cracked and it was a terrible idea to move them much further. Slowly I started a mental checklist of my extremities to judge what was working. I was aware of someone else next to me saying something softly but I couldn't make them out. First I moved my toes, I felt a response it wasn't as much as I was commanding them, but, a response none the less. As I worked my way up my body the overall response was underwhelming. That voice next to me was getting bothersome I knew it but didn't know it at the same time. It hung at the back of my brain pestering me I felt I should know it but couldn't place it.


     Suddenly something opened my right eye and at once a white hot light was shining in it. I tried to will my eye shut and my hand over it. Though my body rebelled against my command. The eye was closed again and merciful darkness enveloped me. More voices one low the other higher. Whispers to faint to hear. I struggled to hear them, what was going on. This shouldn't be that hard. I felt sleep pulling me back, something was telling me to fight it but, it was so powerful. Maybe after a few seconds then I'll try and figure this problem out.


     It felt like the light got brighter. I was aware some time had passed, regretfully more than a few seconds. The light was a softer color, more of an orange color. It felt like evening time. I don't know how I knew I just felt like the day was almost over. Again a quick stock of my body and again very meager responses. This worried me, as I tried to think through the haze of my brain. Where was I? Why was it so hard to move? And most importantly what the hell was happening?


     These questions burned my mind as I heard a voice still hard to put the words together, harder still to place the voice. 'I should know this voice,' I said to myself inwardly. More importantly, I FELT I should know this voice. It pulled at something deep within me. I felt a gentle touch on my wrist as if a hand was resting on it. Then I felt a body close to my head almost touching and could now clearly hear a male voice whisper in my ear, "I'm so sorry you didn't get to see her before you woke up brother, but you gotta wake up now man."


     The voice cracked slightly and a faint sniff echoed in my ear as he resumed talking, "I'm begging you man, please pull out of it. We can see the scans. We can see you responding to us Brother. Please, you gotta wake up. I haven't asked much from you, but I gotta see you wake up."


     This was absurd I KNEW this voice why couldn't I place it? I tried to open my eyes but my body just wouldn't respond. With more effort, I pushed my eyes to open, yet still, they refused. Now I've had it. Almost pissed I drew on my deepest reserves and mentally screamed at myself to open my damned eyes. This was some joke, some sick joke or a dream I needed out of. With every ounce of will I had I tried to push my eyes open and my lids felt like lead sheets. But I felt movement. A slight crack in my vision. The man next to me gasped, "shit" quietly and I felt him move away with a faint flurry of noise. I wasn't deterred I willed my eyes open and they responded so sluggishly. The color was dull and the vision was hazy beyond belief but They were open! FINALLY! 


     I saw a dark figure by a large dark rectangle. The voice was coming from there. It sounded, excited, hurried and manic? I tried to call out to whoever he was but nothing escaped my lips. It was so hard to keep my eyes open. The figure turned and a pale fuzzy circle appeared where I thought the face would be. It rushed over suddenly getting HUGE in my vision. I tried to not blink I knew my eyelids wouldn't lift a second time. The face became a chin as I felt lips press to my forehead. Then eyes appeared as he looked at me. Instantly I knew those eyes. The name escaped me but I knew my brother when I saw his eyes. They were old though. Much older eyes then I remembered. My eyes had such a hard time staying open I felt sleep running towards me and knew I couldn't help it.


     "I can't believe it worked, oh man have I got so much to tell you, Bro!" His eyes and face showed sorrow. His voice could barely contain the excitement. I saw him move up and felt another kiss on my forehead.


     My eyes wouldn't stay open no matter how much I forced it, the anger sapped so much from me. I had to close my eyes again. Everything faded away again. Until I was back in the black again.


     This time I knew time had passed, yet not as much as last time. The color behind my eyes was more of a brighter white. It felt of noon on a warm summer day. I felt a genital breeze wash over me. The smell was amazing. It smelled of sea and salt and fresh bread. I could almost smell the Blue of the ocean I could hear the green of the trees outside, and I could feel the bright colors of the beach goers. I found it so much easier to open my eyes this time and they didn't hurt so much either. I quickly took stock of my body and felt more sluggishness but it was expected this time. I looked around through heavy eyelids and saw a small white room. An older man, from the way he held his body, looked to be late 60's early 70's sitting on a chair across from me. The light and shadow from the curtains played gently on his still form. The rest of the room looked like a future hospital room. Holograms on the walls, an image hovering in the corner of the ceiling looking like a TV.  Then the doorway that lead out into the rest of the world.


     Someone came in from the doorway quietly covered in white with blue underneath something hung around his neck and he carried a see through clipboard with what appeared to be every color floating on it. He looked from the 'screen-board' looked at me and stopped. The shock was evident on his face. Slowly he approached me.


     "Sir, jou are awake?" His voice was thickly accented in Spanish. "Welcome back.  I'm a doctor and I'm taking care of jou. Jou've arrived unconscious with a head trauma nearly 40 years ago and jou need to be patient and rest so we can put you back in shape."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Part 2 inbound