“This has to stop,” they told him. There was one man especially, saying things like “Your identity is safe” and “Just tell us what happened and you won’t be in trouble.” The date was August 20.

“I just get angry,” he told all the people listening. “I try to remember what my dad told me, don’t get mad, son, get even. Well I can’t not get angry, I tried that. So I get both.”

Derek, or Florida Man as they were all calling him, wondered if this was the worst trouble he’d ever gotten himself in. Last year he’d destroyed that Walmart with a forklift he’d hotwired, practised karate with swans (they fought better than geese, screw what people thought) and robbed that bank naked. He’d fought so many police that he saw blue the way a bull sees red. Time had made his fists into great flat instruments of muscle, his knuckles cauliflowered into clubs. But this, today, was different. It had been a busy week and now they’d brought him here, by force, to explain himself. Derek wondered if these were the globalists he’d been warned about.

People had spoken about him, about the raccoon he’d set on fire yesterday. They’d taken a step back then, and someone asked if he’d be wearing pelts or if he had scars they hadn’t noticed yet. But Derek only needed his white sleeveless shirts, the way he’d always worn. He wanted a simple life. He wore no trophies. He’d only participated.

On August 16 in a restaurant, Florida Man had noticed he wasn’t wearing any underwear. He was feeling in his jeans for them, right when he met the eye of a waitress. She knew. Derek sped out of there to dress, hollering things like “Aww fuck! This is awful embarrassing,” and “I’ll get you your tip when I come back this way, I promise you.” Police came, police who were in the area when a brilliant teenage hacker in a Starbucks tested his EMP, which took their phones offline. They found the kid there a minute later, his hands on a nuke of human progress. On one of those hands was a silhouetted octopus tattoo.

On August 18, Florida Man staged a meltdown in an airport. When the police tackled him onto the tiles and put their knees in his back, one of them asked, “Wasn’t this the flasher from a couple days ago?” Behind them all was a kid with weapons under his clothes, both of electricity and lead. He was sweating with fear. When there were no eyes on him, he began to doubt himself and left, right through a metal detector. What officers were left tackled him, but all eyes were still on Derek, yelling something racist. That young terrorist had the same octopus tattoo as the hacker.

On August 19, released without charge, Derek noticed a beehive next to his mango crop. Now that he really looked, there were mango skins on the ground among those scout bees. And a raccoon under one tree, fat and greasy faced. Its little leather hands gleamed with fructose. Derek balled his cauliflower fists and yelled at the raccoon to stay there, which to its credit it did. Derek came with his chemical sprayer, a tank full of Weedmaster, and fire. When he unleashed his flamethrower at the raccoon he laughed, while bees dropped all around and the hive and skins and his mangoes went up, and revenge ignited them both.

The moment this happened, in nearby Melbourne, Florida, a police tracker went dead. They found Derek there half an hour later. With his fists and his charred sleeveless shirt, they recognised the man who led them to the others.

Now, August 20, the audience.

“Surely you knew,” a voice on a microphone insisted, “that beehives are a popular place for hackers to hide malicious hardware. It was a favourite tactic of the young Julian Assange.”

“I’m tellin’ you,” Derek tried to convince them, “I get these feelings, and I act on them. That’s all.”

“You need not lie to us,” the U.N. secretary general seemed to speak for every national delegation convened in that room. “You are protected by executive privilege, both ours and that of your nation, and of course, the State of Florida. Nothing you say can get you in trouble.”

So Florida Man told them what they wanted to hear. “Yeah, alright. I’ve been going after this group all this time, the, what’s it called, Hydra group. They have a lot o’ heads, they are legion or whatever you said, but Florida has 20 million people. And I’m Florida.”

When the General Assembly stood to clap for Derek and people with infinite accents came to thank him, he felt a pang of loss for his mangoes.