"W-what?" John barely managed to turn around and see the portal, before the demon rips off the covers, revealing the sun, which in turn blinded him.

As he had barely managed to recover from blindness, he still didn't believe the fact that there is a demon in his room. Then the demon suddenly starts to drag John to the portal by his ankles.

“You’re going to help me settle a bet.”

As the demon dragged, John took hold of the edge of the bed, resisting with everything he got.

"NO!" John screamed.

"Come on man, it will be super short stay," the demon said, still dragging pulling him towards the portal.

"Hell no," John screamed.

"I'm not going to take you to- oooh, I see what you did there," the demon said, as he stopped pulling for a moment. Then he started pulling again.

"Come on man, I'll give you candy," the demon was desperate.

"What the fuck man, I'm not 10 years old! There's no way I am going to go through that with a stupid bait like that!" John screamed.

"Come on, I'll make one of your wishes come true," Demon suggested.

"I'm not gonna sell my soul either!"

"Whoaaa," Demon stopped pulling from ankles. "That's so demonist, okay? We demons do not take souls, okay? Grim Reapers do that, okay?"

John looked a bit back, confused. "Grim Reapers exist? Then what the fuck you do? Pull people through the portals?"

The demon sighed and took the seat at the edge of the bed, depressed. "I've been wondering that for a while, you know? What's our purpose? We just do nothing... The bet I made is the most exciting thing happening to me in this past century," the demon whined, a single tear fell.

John finally let go of the edge and looked at the Demon. "Shit, I'm sorry man. I feel same. I also wonder what's my purpose and what I should do with my life. I'm finishing high school and I still have no idea what to do."

He slowly took a seat next to the demon. Both of them gave out a long sigh at the same time.

"Wanna go through the portal? It'll be fun, I promise."

John thought for a moment. "Fuck this, fine, let's do this!"

He stood up, took a breath and jumped through the portal. The demon came after him.

"Hell no," John screamed...

"Hell, yes."

"You liar!"

"I'm a fucking demon, what did you expect?"

"So, what's the bet about?" John asked.

"Well," the demon sighed. "I need you to become the Grim Reaper apprentice and prove him that you can do his job well..."

"W-what?"

"What the fuck, that is not a short stay!"

Demon scratched his head. "Oh."

"Oh - in my ass. What the hell man?"

"Well," the demon sighed. "half a century is a very short period for us, demons and others alike."

"H... H-Half a century?"

"Yes..."

"Dude, you're killing me. I'll be 75 when I leave here," John protested, crossing his hands.

"Oh, don't worry, 50 years is the limit. You can get out sooner and Grimmy can refund your life essence," the demon said with a smile. "You'll be fine!" then he hit with his hand strongly against John's back. John was terrified, by the fact that a big-ass burning demon hit his back.

Then an older man with a beard came towards John. He used the cane to travel around and stabilising himself. He also wore a top had. Classy.

"John Smith, I assume?" the Grim Reaper asked. "What a boring overused name. Why did you choose him, Timmy?"

The demon, known as Timmy, smiled. "Well, I went through many houses and nobody wanted to come, till he agreed to come along."

Reaper looked at John, amused. John then looked quickly at Timmy, more mad than happy. "You tried others before me?"

"Well, yes. Not many wanted to get dragged to hell."

"Shit, man. I thought I was the special chosen one," John whined, really annoyed.

"I see that you really want to be here," Grim Reaper said, a long smile on his face. John went pale. He understood that he just threw away last chance to back off.

"Well, John. You are now officially my apprentice... Let us reap, shall we?"

----

/r/ElvenWrites