"As you'll recall I had just blasted the flesh off his companion's now freshly exposed skeleton. As I began to pour my will into the newly minted corpse" The cloaked man said, "But then the Paladin resolved to stop the desecration of his ally's body engulfed them both in a shimmering barrier, with no other available options in the vicinity my spell had but one target."

"AAAAARRRRGGGHHHHH!!!!" I screamed as I felt my bones tear against my flesh, the bones in my body fighting for freedom from their fleshy prison. The Nosy Paladin dumbfounded by the scene before him." He leaned in closer "As darkness engulfed my vision, my will burned brighter than ever, THIS. WOULD. NOT. BE. MY. END."

He sat back arms behind his head looking towards he ceiling, determination crept into his voice. "I channeled every ounce of my power into taming the monster inside me. Slowly it calmed, as the Paladin regain his composure, I had already set upon him. I felt stronger than I ever had before, more in tune with my body, strength I had not imagined possible from my form was now available to me. I lift the Paladin off his feet and snapped him in two." Throwing his hood back to reveal a young dark haired man, he continued. "The way you and everyone else control their bodies is like an infant learning to walk, while I'm a marathon runner. I will the beast within to do a task and it does it, it doesn't tire, it doesn't ache, it just complies ever obedient to me."

Shaken I said. "Why are you telling me all of this?"

The man rose from his chair. "Why? why? Because I love to gloat, I need to leave someone to pass on my story otherwise what is the point of existing, if no one knows of you, remembers your deeds? I am the first living Lich. The Paladin blessed me with the opportunity to gain this power, his god partially responsible for the... Abomination, that is yours truly, and I will ensure that everyone knows of my existence."

With that he turned and left, my fellow townsmen joining the ranks of his army. I never saw him again, but he accomplished his goal everyone knows of the Lich King and his innumerable army.