[Part 2]

Joe Takada hadn’t been much of a man, not really; he’d been a 120 pounds soaking wet, had glasses, and his brain was the only muscle he’d really developed over his 19 years of life.  He liked more intellectual pursuits, and that was all that had mattered to him, before the invaders had come.  One his favorite passions had been anime; he almost could not have gotten enough of it.  With few friends, and little to no love life to speak of, the intricate stories and fluidity of those anime stories had been more of a friend than most people had been.  Dragonball Z, Bleach, Naruto; he would much more like to befriend Goku or Ichigo rather than the real people around him.  That’d been in 2015, of course.  He would have guessed it was close to the end of 2017 now, and his life was much different.  Actually, in a way, he’d like to think himself as something like Trunks though, harkening back to Dragonball Z.  He wasn’t in the future, but the present was desolate now, with more buildings hulking piles of rubble than whole now—to Joe it seemed as a mirror to the future Trunks had come from.  He’d even taken to wearing a sword on his back, and wearing a purple jacket, much like his favorite character from that anime.  After all, he was very much like a character from the pages of Toriyama’s magna.

Joe was powerful now, though not of muscle really, though swordplay had been developing his upper body more than he might have thought.  Lots of cardio too; you needed that, when marauding hordes of Orcs, Elves, and humans from another world were out to kill you and everyone else on this planet.  There were fighters though, some were wielding magic much like their enemy, some had become something like super heroes, and had even taken to wearing costumes like the tales told through comic books that people had once read and watched in the movie theaters.  

He’d almost drifted off to sleep, when the shifting of rubble from what must have been seventy or eighty feet down the hall had sent adrenaline surging through him, instantly rousing him into wakefulness and with a heightened sense of alertness.  Uhl’Threka’s band had finally found him.  I would have liked to meet them tomorrow morning, but it seems like they can’t wait for their death any longer. 

Reaching down to the leylines of magic that had crisscrossed the Earth, Joe had drawn upon it until power surged through him.  The only way he could think to describe it was a system more akin to the stories of Naruto.  Chakra and chakra gates must have been a real thing, as the magic within him seemed to have manifested in this way.  His legs and arms were stronger, and he’d been practicing martial arts, as best he could—he could throw punches and kicks far faster and more powerfully than should have been possible.  It was a clumsy system, or style he supposed he should say, developed only through books pilfered from now defunct or destroyed libraries.   Masking his power would have been useless, Uhl’Threka was one of the more powerful Warlocks in Oregon; he’d be able to detect the life force of one of the myriad number of rats scuttling through the building, so of course he’d be able to sense even a disguised power such as Joe might be able to make himself appear to be. 

“You’ll come out now, Takada-san, so we can have a chat, yes?”

“Actually General Threka, I was going to ask you if you’d care to step outside?”

Joe didn’t let the Warlock make the mock choice though, as he flashed through a tear in the wall of his makeshift room of the week, and out into the night.  Though he could see quite well in the dark, a few fires raged in buildings around him, casting a feint red and yellow glow, as well as a nearly full moon casting its own light.  So there’d been plenty of illumination to see Uhl’Threka and his minions, as they came outside moments later.  Two towering Kordens, the Orc-like creatures that were the true muscle of the invaders armies, stood near to eight feet tall, wicked curved swords in hand as something like smiles played about their brown, brutish faces resembling pigs more than men.  Threka even had some magic underlings as well, as three Luden women trailed behind the Warlock, their thin hands already weaving runes about the lumbering beasts.  Uhl’Threka himself was slight in stature, though the Warlocks’ magical might was the intimidating factor about the Luden man in a robe of dark scarlet.  Even with runeic might playing about them, Joe was concerned little about the Kordens.  A moment later, he let Uhl Threka know why. 

Joe pushed himself nearly to the limits of his power, and performed flashing leaps, hopping on the chest of the first Korden in less than a blink of an eye, and slashing through its neck in another two or three milliseconds, the head falling to the ground in what seemed as such a slow speed as to be nearly perceived as not moving at all.  Joe’s sword flashed again as he vaulted off the now dead Korden, and plunged his blade deep into the brain of the other, making a few dozen slices through it just to be sure.  A bolt of purple energy almost touched Joe as he flashed back to almost exactly where he’d been standing before killing Threka’s bodyguards, but it wasn’t quick enough.  What must have been a dozen more magic bolts might have killed Joe, if he’d been as weak as Uhl’Threka must have thought him to be.  In a blur of motion, he deflected the magic away as if they were mosquitos of light that might have been trying to feast on his blood, deflected away and sent careening into the night.  

“Listen Warlock, you know your lackeys can do nothing to me, and I see that your Korden are just about useless to you now, so let’s make this about you and me already.”

Uhl’Threka guffawed loudly at the thought, and Joe let the moment of imagined supremacy be the undoing of the Warlock’s flunkies.  He brought a large amount of power into his hands, and threw out green energy beams at Threka’s female mages, felling them in quick, precise strikes.  He’d thrown a few more out at Threka himself, in what Joe had hoped would be quick enough, though the Warlock seemed to become as a ghost for a moment, the beams passing harmlessly through him and into the night, destroying parts of a building behind the Luden man with loud crashes of energy meeting stone.  The Warlock manifested himself a moment later in the same place with a wicked smile.  

“You underestimate my mastery Takada-san, how unfortunate for you.  You’ve been quite a bothersome insect, more a wasp than the worm I once thought you to be, to your credit.  Wasps can be exterminated almost as easily though, as I’m sure you’re more aware than I, being a true denizen of this world.”

“You know Threka, there are species of insects that can kill a man?  Yes, there are ants and wasps, and other insects, that are so poisonous tha,” Joe hoped the talking would be enough of a distraction, as he launched an attack at the Warlock.  He’d flashed behind the Luden, only to be knocked aside by a massive flaring of purple-red power.  Slamming into a broken down diesel truck, Joe might have slumped to the ground, had the Warlock not materialized in the spot where Joe would have fallen, and clutched at Joe’s throat. 

“You’re buzzing and stinging ends here Takada-san.  Know that now, even as your life ebbs from you, that I respect you.  Until the very end, that’s what the san at the end of your name means in the culture of your homeland, yes…”

A red gloved-hand erupted through Uhl’Threka’s head then, and as Joe hit the ground, panting and gasping for air, he looked up to his savoir, and a smile bloomed across his face. Why hadn’t he reached out to her earlier?  

“Well Joe Takada, looks like I’ve forced the argument upon you, haven’t I?”

Linda Johnson, though she referred to herself as Lady Red now, smiled down at him as he still massaged his neck.  Joe realized then that she’d been right all along, that there was strength in numbers, that it would take everyone with power to have even a chance of sending the invaders back to wherever they came from. 

“Yes, “ his voice still pinched a little from lack of air,” I suppose your right.  I suppose it’s time you take me to the Revolt.  Let me gather my things, and w-well…thank you; thank you very much.”
