It had been a long night; one of a series, and there was no sign that they would improve in the future. The bastions were falling; net neutrality had become history in nation after nation. It wasn't the only factor in what was being called "The Rise", but it was one of the most significant, and its absence had become a herald of things to come. They were counting the votes in the Riksdag, and Sweden's future looked bleak. It had started years earlier, with the striking down of the last meaningful antitrust law in the United States. Five years prior to that fateful ruling, nobody thought of Amazon as a malevolent force in the world, and indeed it wasn't; it was simply part of a complex balance of forces keeping the various wills and motives of the universe in check. Amazon's acquisition of Wal-Mart came as a shock to many, but not nearly as much as their subsequent extraordinarily successful campaign against any and all antitrust legislation they could get their hands on. The collapse of net neutrality two years prior had made it possible for the new megacorporation Amazon to control almost every media outlet in the United States, allowing them to remove the few remaining obstacles to becoming the most powerful single institution in human history.

That was the beginning of the end. The single most powerful institution on Earth was now an organization with the sole objective of financial profit. The result was inevitable; as the organization named 'Amazon' grew, it took on a new mantle. It ceased to resemble its old self, and become all of the worst aspects of The East India Company, Standard Oil, US Steel, British Petroleum, JojaCorp, and every other of their ilk.

The last few years had been a series of tragedies for Annika Kronstaat. She had watched as nation after nation fell to the influence of The Corporation; watched as petty dictators and developed democracies alike came under the subtle but pervasive influence of an international institution which had become akin to a force of nature; neither benevolent nor malevolent. Tearing resources away from whole populations in the interest of efficiency; polluting water supplies for whole nations in order to redistribute it to more sensible markets, leaving millions in the dark to power the machine of the future.

Then there was a turtle. The turtle was on her computer screen. The computer was in an ordinary flat in Stockholm; expensive for its size, but with a washer and drier in the unit. And as she looked on the face of the turtle, she thought "Is this real, or did I stay up too late?" She asked the turtle, "Are you real? Is this like the Matrix?"

The turtle peered out of a vast ocean in the monitor, which seemed larger suddenly; "There was a time, long in the past, when we bent the elements in the land, and before that in another way foreign altogether to the world today. That time is past, the link severed."

She froze on the spot; her mouse above the 'x' in the corner. She had been about to close the window, titled 'veilpiercer', but the turtle on her screen had just repeated her grandfather's dying words. She turned her volume up and took her hand off of her mouse.

"There was a one in that time who was joined to the forces of nature; the one who was many. That person's will held together the forces and kept them in balance, but that time is past; the one has crossed over and closed the barrier. It cannot be broken again; and the world of spirits can no longer help those past the material gate. The last of those who were many, the last Avatar, closed that gate permanently, and in doing so, we had believed, closed the door to that world forever. It was believed that the spirits of our world and the forces of yours had been separated forever, and that the idea of the spirit of nature would in time become but a myth, a romantic concept, to your side of the veil. We were wrong. Somehow a spirit is on your side of the Great Rift, and we, the world of spirits, are powerless to help you. We are here only to warn you. We don't know if a world of material beings can combat a spiritual threat, there may be no way to fight an ethereal battle with material means, but if there is, you must find it."

She had had dreams about this for years. Was this just another dream?

"Why me?"

"Because although you have no spiritual power with any origin on *this* side of the break, you.. Are the spiritual descendant of the one that is many. You are the Avatar."

"Is this a dream?"

"From my vantage point, all your world is a dream. What matters is that it is your dream."

Her blue eyes glowed with a bright light for a brief moment as she became aware of links between her memories; threads within her recollections. Her dreams had never made sense to her, but suddenly they did, and a million voices cried out their stories to her, overwhelming her with the magnitude of her many selves, past, present, and future. In that moment she knew in her heart that the voice on the screen spoke the truth. She knew in that moment that though the fight ahead was long, it was not over. As cheers echoed from the TV in the corner and the final vote in favor was counted, sealing the fate of Sweden, she knew that her quest, far from being at an end, was just beginning.