The horns blow signaling another raid incoming on my hometown. Every night for a week now we have had to repel the attacks of those barbarians who have come to take our food for the winter. It had been a successful year of harvest after Tim received his mastery of the plants on his gifting day. The neighboring village caught word of this and had demanded we let them have open access to our silos. They have tried to take it by force ever sense.  


My hometown is a peaceful place and as such we usually receive magic for gifting. It's typically something small and used for mending or enhancing. Our first big boon in over a decade was Tim's gift though. While many other towns are in famine, we are now surviving comfortably.  


Most of our older and more experienced fighters are injured leaving the youth to fight in their stead. Today is supposed to be my gifting day and I am forced into battle. The next thing I know I'm in the thick of battle. In the chaos of battle I can no longer determine friend from foe. I am lost in a sea of violence. Thought dulls out and all I know is that I must is fight to survive, but I have never fought before. One of the invaders seems to notice my ineptitude and make a game of it. I feel the bite of his blade rip into my flesh as he deftly steps out of the way of my clumsy attack and counters with his own. Again and again my attacks are rebuffed and I am scored with another reminder of my impotence. The attacker seems to find great pleasure in taking me down with scores of small slices. "This isn't how it's supposed to end," I think to my self as he scores a cut across my right hamstring, dropping me down to one knee. I look up and everything is moving so slow it is almost standing still. A cloaked rider on a horse so pale it looks sickly casually walks through the battlefield unnoticed by the chaos and calamity.  


The rider approaches me, dismounts from the horse, and as he does the horse turns into a scythe. He lays what appears to be a bony hand on my opponent dropping him instantly to a hollow corpse. Then the hooded figure turns to me extending the handle of his scythe and whispers in an eerie stale voice, "Giiiiiffffft."

  
Not knowing what else to do, I reach out and grab the scythe. As soon as my hand wraps around the handle a blinding flash fills the battlefield and as the afterimage disappears I look around to see everyone covering their eyes but the hooded figure is gone. Everything is moving so slowly that the seconds seem like hours. I stand back up with a renewed vigor and suddenly I hear the same voice as before, but this time coming from inside my own head. It say, "Wield now the power of death, we will show you the way."

  
Edit: Some formatting