It's been three months. Three long, agonizing months in this body I found myself in. That's two and a half more months than what normally takes me. You see, once a year and ever since I was a kid, I would switch bodies with one of the most talented people in the world. Once I discovered what talent I found myself possessing, I would return to my normal body.

But for the life of me, I cannot figure out what this person's talent is. I have run out of ideas. I have tried everything. Nothing. If this guy has any talent, he must be talented at doing nothing.

I have tried all the skills I could think of. Singing? I sound like a cat in heat. Dancing? I flail around like an angry horse. Anything with rhythm, including, but not limited to, musical instruments? Tone deaf and butter fingers. Painting? I can't even draw any of that "abstract art". Pottery? Maybe I'd be good at that. Nope. I can't even make an ashtray.

I even tried going in the STEM direction. Physics? I wouldn't know about any laws if an apple hit me on the head. Engineering? I'm lucky if I can build the base on a house of cards. Mathematics? I'm glad that our teachers were wrong when they said we wouldn't carry a calculator around with us everyday. 

Hell, niche skills that I looked up on YouTube are also beyond me. I saw a guy squirting milk out of his eye. I ended up in a trip to the hospital because I snorted too much milk. I saw a contortionist bend his body in all sorts of shapes. That, too, ended in a trip to the hospital, this time with a broken leg. I tried handling nunchuks but ended up hitting myself in the crotch, although I should have seen that coming.

I am starting to run out of ideas. Maybe I can hypnotize a chicken? Or maybe I can walk on my hands? Maybe I can hold my pee for more than two hours? Bit in the face, fell on my face, and peed myself only to be red in the face.

I'm starting to lose my mind. Okay, let's see if I organize everything I can think of in a coherent list I'd be able to find something I might be good at.

Oh. Would you look at that. I'm back.

 ---   

This was my first try at writing comedy. Thank you for reading!