The young are idealistic. It's not their fault. It's their curse. They all want to be a savior, they want the city to see them and have hope. They want to stand for truth, and justice. Most of all they want to leave a legacy. They want nothing more than to be remembered for the good they did. 

I don't punish these children for being stupid. I give them innocence. The same innocence they want to protect in all others, I give back to them a thousand times over. They always come for me, in numbers or alone they always fail. The telekinetics are easiest. They're almost always fat, slow, and completely lacking awareness because they do nothing but flex their powers to make life easier. Super strength is no better. Telepaths are difficult, but none are strong as I am. Then he came for me. 

He was not strong, he wasn't a telepath, he was a TK user with a mind like my own. He'd use it on himself, give himself what appeared to be super strength, then it was flight, before long he could control the friction between molecules, the electricity in other people's nervous systems, and his body was almost invulnerable. He was on his way to becoming a living breathing Superman with nothing more than Telekinesis. 

He reached into my brain, tried to cripple my powers before I could cripple his. The clash was felt by everyone. Thousands dead, hundreds injured and dozens in telepathically and telekinetically induced comas and still they thought he was a hero. When the dust cleared I was broken, bloodied, and dying but he saved me. Used his powers to knit my wounds shut, filtered the blood I'd shed and put it back in, mended the cracks in my bones enough to keep me alive. He was going to save me. 

His mind was weak. It broke with a single probe. I reached into his memories without resistance, ripping his psyche and his memories to pieces. 30 years was more than enough for me to take my fill of the world I'd conquered once he was gone and I was bored. The most recent challenge came from a girl who could produce sparks of light from her fingers. She's still screaming in her holding cell, believing that she's watching monsters rape and mutilate her mother and sisters. I'm not even sure if she has sisters, or what her relationship with her mother is like. She'll never wake up from that nightmare though, that's what matters. 

Even now, I go to his room and spend time with him like we're old friends. We went to college together, his wife was an ex of mine. So he thinks. We retired the same year, both of us got watches. We preferred each others so we traded. With a gesture the facade fell, and I saw recognition in those eyes. I couldn't help but smile when I saw the first cracks in the building start to form. The only one that had ever come close to stopping me. 

It was time to give him a second chance. 