Kalireth sat quietly in the small dark chamber, wreathed by a sickly sweet smelling smoke. He had completely lost track of time. The cold of the stone floor had long sense penetrated his threadbare pants and his legs ached from sitting still for so long, yet he was not uncomfortable. He had endured much to get here: the streets had not been kind to the exiled prince.  His mind wandered back to the various misfortunes that had befallen him.


The first: an unfortunate accident that shattered his leg and killed his brother, and friend - the crown prince. He would never forget the concentrated fury, pain and hatred on his fathers face when the king was notified about the death. His father was a strong man, but this broke him. 

The second: the street fight that cost him his eye, and the life of his best friend, who looked after him those first few years.

The third: the death of his beloved and their child. He couldn’t bear to dwell on this fresh pain too long. He had strong shoulders, but even this was nearly too much to bear.

Kalireth carried many scars into that temple, not at were physical. He knew guilt. He knew anger. He knew heartache. He knew pain. Most of all, he knew death, and the things that came with it.

He wasn’t surprised when the sickly sweet smell changed into the acrid, pungent smell. This smell was disturbingly familiar: it was that of Death. He raised his head and cracked his eyes, but he hardly needed to.

An old, gaunt man in a flowing, tattered black robe stood before him. His sunken grey eyes looked sadly on Kalireth.

The figure rasped:

“My dear boy, I have visited you many times throughout your life. An uncountable number. I have taken, and consumed and destroyed all the things you have known or loved. I have stolen so much from you. And now I am here to give. You have my blessing.”

The man that emerged from that chamber was hardly the boy the priests had lead in. He was pallid, his brunette hair had streaks of gray, and his eyes were no longer emerald, but silver like the moon. Death had given back the things he took from this man. And even gods fear death.