Tarron sat quietly in his room taking apart, cleaning and reassembling a complicated gauntlet. He inspected and oiled every inch of it, scowling at any sign of scorch marks as if they had personally offended him. He was serious about his work.

After putting the whole thing back together, he slid it onto his right hand. Pulling and squeezing each of the triggers, he smiled to himself as he heard the well oiled clicks at just the right pressure. It was perfect. Although the gauntlet was the easy part.

"Uven? Uven, where are you?" Tarron asked. On his work bench, various half competed works and spare parts shuffled around. From the hole of a Drake mark III prototype, a reptilian head poked out. Teal in colour and scaly but its eyes conveyed more emotion and intelligence than any of the Dragon's distant and pedestrian relatives. Uven gave a grunt and hiss as if in affirmation.

"We have a job," Tarron said. Immediately, the mood of the inquisitive creature's face fell. Suddenly it resembled a sullen child. "Don't sulk at me. If we didn't work, there'd be no coin. No coin means no food and last time I checked, you need it as much as I do. Uven crawled out into the dim light revealing his long, but slender form, his dark teal fading into a burning crimson towards the tail.

Tarron gestured beckoningly with his gauntleted arm. Uven didn't move at all, his unnaturally large eyes studying the device. "For the love of all that's good, you cost 700 marks to buy and 40 a week to maintain so get your goddamned scaly arse up here this fucking second."

With an air of disdainful nonchalance, Uven slowly contorted himself around the glove's curves and contours, wrapping the rest of his body around Tarron's arm.




"Ah, there he is," Tarron muttered perched on a rooftop in the dead of night. "A man of such insignificant power. No idea why anyone would want him dead but money is money," he said. The target was Mar Alozerian, a small town councillor who may or may not have once had ties with illegal dragon smuggling. Even if he had, those were in days long passed. The man shuffled past windows with the speed of a particularly unmotivated turtle.

Tarron had checked and rechecked his escape route and vantage point just to be certain and eventually decided to go for the kill. At least this man would be dying old and in his own home. He pulled up his loose sleeve revealing one of the world's most dangerous living weapons. A dangerous weapon who was licking his own eyes. Apparently the saliva helps them see at greater distances. "You locked?" Tarron asked. He then felt one tap against his jaw from the tail of Uven.

Upon the confirmation, Tarron pulled a small ball of metal, lead mixed with copper and iron, and held it in front of his right hand. He heard a faint smacking sound as Uven snatched the ammunition from his fingers. After a few seconds, an orange glow emanated from Uven's maw. Tarron moved his right thumb down, giving the "fire at will" signal and almost immediately, he felt a kick of force.

By the time Tarron opened his eyes, he sighted a glowing orange trail stemming from Uven and reaching to the target's window, a small hole in the window, and Mar falling to the ground with a hole in his head. With the job done, Tarron fled back into the night.