I sat around the pile of sticks debating whether I should start up a fire or not. It was a dark and cold night, but i thought it'd be better if I didn't attract any any attention. I've been running into plently of unwanted guest lately and determined that I was just asking for it, burning a bright fire on the mountain side. I decide on a cigarette before the cold night I had ahead, so I reached over my lantern into my bag rambling around for the box. It was then that I could feel the presences of something behind me.

The air around me chilled as it approached me. Ticked off, still trying to find my cigarettes, I tell 
It, "Hope you're not here to bum a cigarette." I give up on the search as the air was getting colder and colder. I wasn't scared of the of what ever it was, i was raised off spooky fairy tales about out worldly creatures. My aunt read me stories ever night before bed. I was once interested in them all, but on my search for Bigfoot, I've seen enough to fill my curiosity twice over. 

I turn around only to see red floating circles slowly making their way towards. They were unrealistically red, like the color of a stoplight. Streaks grew from the bottom of the circles as if they were crying blood. I've seen plenty of things that go bump in the night, but never one with such a terrifying presence. I felt like I could freeze to death as i moved for my lighter. With a flick, fire lights up its body. It had no limbs as it floated in the airs. It looked to be made up of a bunch of old rags, all grey except for its eyes. 

I sat there froze, not from the chill, but from fear. I couldn't move as the ghostly figure made its way more and more towards me. It hung over me menacingly before the rags split open to form a mouth like shape. The lighter I forgot I was holding sent a hot reminder of its persences to my hand, causing me to drop it. It was back to those giant red eyes that lit the area around us. As he spoke the air got even colder than it was before, "Ee-eeh pardon me, would it be too much if i aa-asked for your assistance." I let out a sigh of relief followed by another sigh.

"Back up will ya, you're going to kill me with that aura."

"I'm so sorry." 

"And let me stop you there. If you don't have something useful in exchange, I don't want to hear it. "
"I-I-I got mon-"

He had cash. It was dark, but with my newly adjusted eyes I could tell it was money, a lot of it too.

"I might be of some help," I said through a giant grin, "but I'm no miracle worker"

"Well you'll probably need to be for this task. I want to find the impossible."

The silence lingered after his words, "Yea and I want to find Bigfoot."

His red eyes shrank to half there size as he brushed closer to me. The chill crept back up on me. "Me too."

We made our way up the mountain, the route we were on was taking us to a pond between some trees. The walk had me wondering, why was this ghast looking for Bigfoot and how was he having trouble finding him. 

"Hey buddy, can't you walk through walls or something?"

"That's a very common misconception, see ghast are actually..."

I tuned him out, he might've been shy at first, but he sure can talk your ears off.

"Anyways, why are you looking for Bigfoot?"

"Eh, you first. I don't want to sound stupid."

Whatever. "I'm going to find him to prove my aunt wasn't wrong, that she didn't waste her life. She might have been a failure, but she wasn't crazy and i know it.

I unknowingly had clenched my fisted. I loosened my grip as soon as I noticed.

"Ah jeez, now mines sounds really stupid. I just feel like, you know, since he's a scary fella he has to be lonely. I just want him to have a friend."

I could tell by his voice that he was in pain while saying that. Must be a lonely world out there for ghost and ghouls.

We make our way through the last few trees, revealing the beautiful pond. The moon light bounce off the water and danced its way into our eyes. The amazing sight is short lived as i began to realize what he wanted my help with.

"No"

"Wh-what! You don't even know what's going on."

"There's a fairy in that pond who's a grade A asshat and an undead being can't summon him."

The ghast was stunned that I knew about the pond. "But he knows where Bigfoot is, I saw them talking." I let him beg for a few minutes before deciding that a chance at Bigfoot was worth the talk.

I kneel down to the pond and stared at my reflection. Keeping my eyes open, I allow them to water up before letting the wet work flow. The tears drop into the pond, turning the still reflection of me into a beautiful young girl. Out from the image flew a fairy. Her lovely wings fluttered constantly to keep her afloat. She stood at the size of a index finger.

"Welcome stranger to- oh it's you again. Hopefully back with a little more mythical spirit."

"I'm not bumming you a cigarette."

"It's the mythic laws that say 'grant without wants'. Now pass one up or hit the rode."

 "Are you even old enough to smoke?"

"Fairies looks do not reflect their age. My younger brother looks like an old fart."

"Buddy, you got anything to say because I'm done here."

The fairy was clearly agitated as the ghast approached him. I step back to stay clear of his chilling aura.

"I saw you talking to Bigfoot a-a-and I'd like to know where to find him please."

"Sorry, but I'm not allowed to grant the wishes of an undead."

He looked at me with his big red eyes. They looked the same as always, but I could feel the sadness coming from him. He came closer and before he could even beg I told him, "Stay back buddy, you're killing me with this aura"

"Then can you tell me instead?"

"Will that be your one wish? To find Bigfoot really? You could literally change the world with this wish."

"Well... can you just do me a solid?"

She didn't even speak. I expected a laugh, but she didn't make a sound. She reached out her hand and i already knew what we wanted. I grind my teeth together, admitting defeat. 

Reaching in my bag, I fished out the box of cigarettes and my lighter. I opened the box, revealing 7 cigarettes. I pull one out for her. "Watch out now, these things will kill ya." Before i knew it she had grab both the box and the lighter from my hands. "Hey!"

She flew to the center of the pond and stuffed the 6 cigarettes in her mouth and with a flick from the lighter, I watched as my stress level raised to a new level. She released the smoke through her nose, not caring to remove the cigarettes from her mouth. It took 2 hits to reach the butts. She flys over to me and smiles.

"No"

"If I see even one butt in the forest, I won't grant your wish"

I extend my hands and grab the butts, stuffing them in my backpack while whispering bloody murder.

Cont. Later