Mankind.

__

For countless Millennia we have warred. 
Peace being a brief respite from the routine of war.

Always pushing one another, further and further, building bigger and better weapons.

Our ventures into space a mere by-product of our advancement of war, a result of competiton between rival superpowers.

Our earliest days, evolving from hand to hand combat, swords and catapults to Air combat, Artillery and the all destroying power of nuclear weapons. 

In popular culture, the idea of aliens invading is one of a underdog story for Humanity, never once did we think we would hold the upper hand.  There was always some stroke of luck or chink in their armour to save us.

Because we assumed advanced space travel also advances weapons technology.  That anything capable of interstellar travel would also have the firepower to match.

We were wrong. Much to our advantage.

We never thought we would be more than a match for them. 

Reality is stranger than fiction.

When the tyrannical T'irex announced their invasion and demanded Earth's surrender of its resources and people.

They promised terrible things for Mankind, slavery, subjugation, extinction

The Earth refused. Their fleets arrived, they descended upon the Earth and the first battle between the two races would shock both sides. 

While the T'irex mastered FTL and focused solely on its development to further spread through space. They had missed the development of weapons like mankind had.

Their large starships were no more strong or sturdy than a regular battleship, no sci-fi shields or energy weapons like you would expect. They were far from invincible.

1920's level offensive capabilities, their military only backed up by sheer force of numbers. Their ground troops armed with simple bullet firing rifles and guns, semi automatic at best, no laser or ray guns. Merely lots of them.  Inferior to military grade weapons.

They had only conquered worlds with a level of advancement lower than their own, early 20th century tech at best.  Relying on swarm tactics to overpower their enemies.

But Mankind was in the 21st Century. 

The T'irex assumed if a species hadn't mastered space travel they were no threat to them. They had made a grave mistake.

Humanity was nothing like any species they had encountered before.

__

They made their main landing zone in the Pacific, hoping to use it as a staging area for their main force. With smaller deployments across the Atlantic and Africa and Europe.

Unaware of the technology of radar and long range surveillance. They foolishly believed themselves to be invisible. 

The UN Security Council watched with anticipation as the Russian, Chinese and American fleets closed in on the invaders.

The civilian world trembled as they watched their tv screens as what they thought was Mankind's defiant last stand. Soon their hearts would be filled with hope instead of fear.

The Human Militaries approached.
Unaware of how one sided this battle was about to be. Of the paper tigers that stood before them. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmy-Aplmxo8

For the first time in Human History, Mankind faced off against an enemy that was not themselves.

Taking the element of surprise while they could. The battleships fired everything they had at the T'irex ships. 

American BGM-109 Tomahawk, Russian Kalibr and Chinese C-101 cruise missiles fired off from their respective fleets in unison. 

Only to be greeted with the rewarding sight of burning metal and visible damage to the Alien ships. No forcefields like intelligence had feared.


All Commanders relayed the good news 

"Conventional weaponry is effective! I repeat Conventional weaponry is effective, all units! Fire at will!"

Fear turned to Courage as the Humans saw that they stood more than a chance.

The T'irex commander was frantic, no enemy force could have this kind of weaponry, no one had ever fought back this hard.  He demanded the entire orbital force for reinforcements. 

T'irexien aircraft poured out from the  starships, only to be met with the superior countering Human fighter jets and decimating anti aircraft fire. 

The alien pilots were panicking as the American F-22 RAPTORs, Russian Sukhoi SU-57s and Chengdu J-20 easily outmanoeuvred them and picked them apart.

They tried to fire back but the caliber of their ammunition was too weak to even affect the armour plating of the Human planes.

The battle had quickly turned in the Human's favour. 

The T'irex ships fired their main cannons back at the Fleet, only for it to be intercepted by their anti-missile defence systems.

The Human Fleets continued their relentless assault on the invaders.

All across the world, the same outcome occurred.

Human weaponry proved far superior to the T'irex armaments.  The monstrous alien force had their facade shattered as Humanity realised their true power.

Invading Ground forces in Africa and Europe were soon pushed back by the Human military. 

T'irex vehicles were quickly ripped apart by Human tanks.

The T'irex come from a world with gravity far lower than the Earth's, a single good punch from a Human was like being hit by a car.  

Completely outmatched worldwide. The T'irex were forced to retreat en masse.

Countless T'irex and ships were captured by the Humans. 

Human scientists soon began work to reverse engineer their technology as NASA was weaponised and became part of the US Military, other superpowers did the same.

With the notion of alien life now a fact, old resentments faded, Human squabbles cooled down. Faced with a dangerous new enemy. The World sought to be ready for it. Should it come again.

If this was how powerful we were from years of fighting one another, imagine how strong we would be together?

The day the T'irex attempted to invade Earth was the day Hyenas woke a sleeping Lion and turned its gaze to the rest of the universe.

And that Lion was about to hunt.