 

The tests had been going on for a while. Not that I minded too much. Even having to sit in hospital clothes was made better by being able to finally see *colour.* I’d heard the names of colours my whole life but no one had been able to explain it. But they were beautiful. Everything in the hospital room was too bright but the light outside, and the wind moving was breathtaking.

“Last question for now and then you can rest for a bit Cameron.”  

The doctor’s dry voice broke me away from the window. 

“Yes, sorry.” I frowned a bit as I refocused. 

“Quite alright,” The doctor said with a small smile sounding tired. “Now, how many people are in the room?”

My family and friends had left to get dinner. Partially because I was too caught up in looking at them and partly because I wouldn’t do the tests otherwise.

“Four,” I responded decisively. 

For the first time since meeting me, the doctor looked engaged. 

“How many did you say?” 

“Four,” I responded again easily.

He glanced back at the nurse who had been quietly recording the results. She simply shrugged without even glancing up.

“Could you explain?”

“There’s you Dr Foster, the nurse, the man in the t-shirt, and myself.

Both of the medical professionals whipped around to see if someone had walked in. apparently not seeing the man leaning against the wall breathing heavily. He had run in a second ago and stopped after seeing me. The man in question just grinned at me and gave a winked. 

“He’s right there! He just winked and he has dark spots along his face and bandages across his chest.”

“Alright just calm down now. Some confusion is to be expected.”

As the doctor finished speaking though the mystery man glanced back and quickly left. I had to show them what I saw so I followed him as quickly as I could with my slight vertigo. He wound his way easily down the busy hallway as I bounced along like a ping pong off the walls. When he finally stopped he was outside a room. I peered inside to see a man looking just like him on the bed but with far worse injuries. An irregular beeping sounding from machines he was attached to, too quiet to hear outside of the room. 

“What the- CODE RED!” The nurse who had apparently followed me yelled into the hall before moving in a flurry.

“We better step back Cameron,” The doctor said as he took my elbow and tried to pull me away. But my new eyes were fixed on the injured man I could see him trying to say something before he looked down at the figure the nurses were trying to save in the bed and faded away.