I pointed the camera through my open door. It was 3:13am, I'd spent all day taking photos.

*Click*

The mechanical cogs spun up whirring and fizzing. Out popped a Polaroid sized photo of my room - 10 years in the past. 

I brought it into the light, but it was all black. I gave it a little shake, blew on it a little, nothing. 

*Hmmm.*

*Well I suppose 10 years ago it would've been dark.*

I flicked on the light switch illuminating my room, hoping that would help. With the flicker of the light, I studied my room. The bed still sat in the same spot as in my childhood. The race car bed sheets replaced with a plain blue and white stripe, something 23 year old me still regretted changing a little bit. 

The nostalgia brought back fond memories.

I pointed the camera again.

*Click.*

Out popped another Polaroid sized photo, this time all in white - the picture was developing. Slowly but surely the features of my room became more visible. The outline of the posters on the wall, the rug I'd ruined with coke at 15, the study desk in the corner. Eventually the centre started to fill. 

I felt like I'd been punched in the stomach. My hands started to shake. I took a step back. 

At the foot of my bed was a figure, in black, watching over me sleeping. It's back to me now. 

*What the fuck*

I composed myself. It was probably just my dad. I moved myself to the head of my bed, pointing the camera to the foot - hoping to reveal the face of the man at the foot of my bed. I poised to take another photo, my finger quivering slightly.

*Click*

The picture developed, but the man was no longer at the foot of my bed - I peered closer at the photograph. The man had moved. 

In the corner of the photograph, a small black shape had entered the frame. The figure was stood over my sleeping body, I looked to my right slowly, seeing nothing, but feeling a cold sweat break out on my neck.

I wiped my sweat and took a step back, positioning the camera again to capture the figure.

*Click*

Poised over my 13 year old self, it's elongated fingers grasped the edge of the blanket. The figure was staring right into the camera lens. It was no man. It's long white face filled the frame. With sunken black eye sockets, a long white, pointed nose, it's thin lips were upturned. 

It was looking right at the camera. It was looking right at me.

My eyes turned wide, I couldn't breathe. I stumbled back into the bookshelf, taking another photo in the process.

The blanket was drawn back, the beings hand poised above 13 year old me, still staring right at me - it was laughing at me. 

I felt a sharp pain in my chest, right in the centre. I ripped off my shirt, my skin was being caved by an invisible point. I rubbed it, I stepped away, but nothing would stop the relentless sting. It broke the skin and I started to bleed. I cried out in pain and it stopped. 

I took another picture of the bed cautiously while the blood seeped out.

The being was still stood there, beside my screaming 13 year old self. The figure was staring right at the camera again. 13 year old me was clambering to get away.

I ran out, feeling the claws rake at my back. 