I was pretty stupid, that’s for sure, but not as stupid as Billy Hakawitts. I’m probably not as dumb as Margaret Simons, either, because my buddy Ted tricked her into sipping bleach from the janitor’s cart. Ted got sent off to juvie where I hear they make kids break rocks or something. My grandpa wasn’t very sure. I don’t want to break rocks – I don’t have the muscle for it. I tried to climb the rope in PE, fell, and all the other kids laughed at me. They started calling me The Burns after that. You get it? My sideburns and the rope burns. Anyway.

So it’s me, Donald, and Chris left out of us four, but Chris wasn’t there when it happened. Donald was there, but not – you understand? My dad says he’s ‘unremarkable’. Chris was the one who dared me to do it right before he ralphed all over the table at lunch. Lucky him, he’s at home kicking back and probably playing some Smash. He’s definitely not going to juvie.

I think I might be.

You see, Chris watched this old movie called Army of Darkness and he told me I should ask for some book called the Necronomicon from the library. He says to me I have to say three weird words to pick it up without awakening an army of the dead and that was about the time he let loose the barf. I figured that was stupid, because real life isn’t like movies and I was right. Billy Hakawitts told me I’m right and he knows better than Chris.

I thought I knew better than any of them, but it turns out having your head in books doesn’t make you smarter. My mom says reading is good, you gotta digest the text. Not like Chris’ digestion – he has that thing where you can’t eat bread. No, she meant ‘understanding’ by ‘digest’.

Anyway, so the library lady Mrs. Hakawitts, yeah it’s Billy’s grandma, always gets me the books I ask for and when I asked for the Necronomicon she got right on it. She waddled back into the dusty old room she loves being in so much and had it in five minutes. She smelled like charcoal and baby powder, but that’s normal for her.

So I said the words and Mrs. Hakawitts gives me the eye. Tells me real life isn’t like the movies. She said that there aren’t any magical words people can actually say right to hold the book properly. She told me I could try, but I’d have to practice saying ‘Techie-lee-lee’ or something. I don’t have the right torso shape – whatever. What’s important is that I opened it up on the spot and started reading.

Bad idea on my part and that’s what made me stupid – at least for about half a minute. The world started to go topsy-turvy, shiny and wiggly like one of those old TV sets. I saw some weird stuff and trust me, this was weird! Weirder than infomercials for no-stick pans. Weirder than my dad’s browser history – including whatever a ball gag is.

Mrs. Hakawitts brought me back around by shouting 'Burns, yer steaming' and Donald just stood there staring. I didn’t realize what was wrong until I got my hands on a mirror. My eyeballs are rainbow-colored now. Mrs. Hakawitts called it ‘colors out of space eyes’. I tossed that book fast and ran outta there.

Two days later half the kids in school have ‘colors out of space eyes’ and our math teacher looks like a pitcher plant crossed with an octopus. I liked our old math teacher better – I can’t wrap my head around alien geometry. But like I was saying, most of the kids have the weird eyes. See, what makes Billy Hakawitts stupider than me is he scanned the friggin book and put it on the google driver for our class project! He disappeared a few hours ago and I think he got sent to juvie. God, please keep Billy from telling them where he got the book. I don’t want to break rocks with these noodle arms.