"Ladies, please! Could you just *stop monologuing* for *five seconds*. I know, I know, 'we must crush our tyrannical overlord'. If you haven't yet noticed, I was in fact just in the middle of a game of pool when you stormed in and shot that poor fellow in the back of the head. Now I'm going to have to explain to his family why their 'promising young son' won't be coming home tonight, and it's all *your fault*!" 

I'll be the first to admit it: I was pouting. It was really rather difficult to avoid, given that seemingly every month some orphan—or three, in this case—got booted off in my direction with a shiny sword, or maybe a gun if they were feeling particularly pragmatic. I'd have to check when I added these three to the logbook, but if I recall, we were approaching five thousand people at this time who had come to assassinate me. It's really harrowing, especially since it led to a greatly increased mortality rate among my friends, disciples, and general followers. 

"...by our rights as your last mortal descendants!" 

"Sorry, what? I zoned out for a bit. Could you repeat that? I'm afraid to say I'm not actually into ladies, so I've never had children with humans." 

"*Die, beast!*" That was just outright rude. I could at least applaud them for being able to say that in unison, which is unfortunately more than most of the Dynamic Duos through to Five Man Bands are capable of. 

"Would you please just *sit down* and *be quiet*." It's a real shame that I have to actually remind people what godhood means on occasion, in this day and age. I suppose I couldn't fault them too much, given that I myself am still surprised at the limits of my power—case in point, the difficulty in not going out and smiting a very large number of people.

"Thank you. Now, I'm going to take you to see some friends of mine, and I'd prefer it if you didn't try to kill them. Once you get there, I will give you the ability to speak in sign language if you cannot already, and you will be allowed to move about, but you will remain mute until I say otherwise." With this said, I made sure that the very unlucky Gareth was not in such a graceless pose, and fixed the horrible mess they'd made of his face, for it would appear that these would-be assassins had used hollow point bullets; they were turning out to have very smite-able personalities, or at least a supplier who should have been smote years ago. Returning to the matter at hand, it's always puzzled me that I am unable to return people to life: I'm usually capable of fixing injuries, but death is apparently too much. I don't *think* it's an issue of souls or somesuch, but that only leaves the rather ego-damaging theory that I am not competent enough to fix brain damage fully. 

I started walking towards the door and pulled them towards me, so they were awkwardly semi prone in the air by my side. I could have been more gentle, but I'm not the god of patience. Probably. No one really explained it to me when I Returned as a god.

"I imagine you've got a number of questions about what is happening. 'Where are we being taken?' 'Who are you taking us to?' 'Why have we only been smitten, not smited?' Well, since we've got a minute or so, let me explain. First, I'm afraid you're not the Chosen Ones, fated to destroy the God Emperor or whatever you're calling me these days. If you were, then I'm afraid to say that you've come to the wrong castle, because I'm really rather un-killable. The demigod of daffodils lives just a few miles away, so perhaps you were supposed to go there? 

"Due to what I believe (for your sake) was a translation error in one of my interviews-turn-scriptures, I decided long ago not to go around sending people on one way trips to the moon. Most of you are decent people, really, even if you have been indoctrinated by some thousand-year-old religion. As such, my standard protocol is to put you in the care of former assassins, to help teach you that life is not all doom and gloom. If necessary, I'll take a more active role; I've got around 300 years' experience in rehabilitation and too many qualifications to name. Currently, the mountain houses around two hundred thousand people, and we've got space for about fifty million. Your carers can explain the rest when you arrive, but the general gist is that we teach you not to go around murdering people, and in return you join the community."

The three of them were going through quite different responses to what I said. There are actually only a few main ways that people deal with the whole affair. The one closest to me, who was vigourously shaking her head and on the verge of tears, falls into the 'disbelief/denial' category. The second looked to be a 'worshipper', as she stared at me with adoration. The third was more rare, as she seemed to have taken the opportunity to fall asleep. The jury was still out on which of the groupings she’d fall into, then. Professional Snarker? This profession seems to attract a lot of bitter people, but that lot usually are loners. She might just be really tired, I guess. 

“And, we’ve arrived. Beyond this door is the suite of rooms that you’ll live in for, in all likelihood, the next few years of your life. Shall we get started, then?” Without further ado, I opened the door and pushed the three of them into the room. Inside, a group of carers I’d summoned on the way here. There were three, as normal: a counsellor and a couple. In this case a young man named Togg, whose profession and temperament really didn’t seem to go well together, but which somehow worked, and an older husband and wife, though it seems only Rosalynn was able to make it. There would be more, to give them a proper education, but that would come later, in the school. 

Immediately, their new parents started throwing up a ruckus and fussing over the children. 

“Oh, they’re so *young* this ti—”

“Don’t tell me you muted them again, I sw—”

“You lot must be *starv—*”

“You can’t expect us to do our jobs prope—”

“Ah, let me get your friend to a be—”

Suddenly, Erik, their second father, emerged from one of the bedrooms. To my eternal disappointment, it seemed that he was well respected, and not in the mood for any of my treatment of these girls, proving that even gods are not the masters of another’s home. This was shaping up to be an… *interesting* group. 


---

Well, I've always wanted to do one of these. Chances are, I'm a bit too late to get much attention for my terrible writing. I hope the two of you who actually did read the whole thing found it at least a *little* enjoyable. 