Hell came for us faster than we could run. Sometimes when I look back on those days I wonder how we thought we could make it last.
I’m alone now for the first time in my life. The dog I’d found immediately after The Reckoning, small, pitiful, slightly deformed from the hazardous radiation it had been subjected to in the womb, has been dead for a few months. Even when she was a puppy she was a fighter, bright eyed and sprightly with one slightly clubbed foot that didn’t stop her from meeting or exceeding my pace when we were running, and we were always running. In what little of my imagination I have left I always believed that she would stay with me, young and happy forever, while what was left of the world crumbled around us. 10 years was more than I could have asked for, but it gets so quiet now.
When you live in a world that uses electricity for every convenience, even the quiet tends to feel loud. There’s always an air conditioner running, someone blowing leaves, television left just loud enough to intrude your thoughts. After the first surge I learned what quiet was. That one was small, temporary, but the two weeks we were without power felt like their own lifetime. I chuckle bitterly to myself when I think about how spoiled and soft I was then. Even when you were by yourself it was hard to feel alone. Now the silence roars around me sucking my thoughts away faster than I can have them.
I keep the same house I had Before. The realtor wasn’t just trying to drive the sale when she told me that the bones were solid and that this house would last through an earthquake. There wasn’t an earthquake, but even as other houses in the neighborhood disintegrate around me my old girl stands tall and proud. They haven’t had the benefit of my fastidious home maintenance, but it’s more comforting to think that she’s magical, that somehow this shell of gypsum and wood are actively protecting me. She’s not, but it’s a nice thought. I don’t keep the same calendar, or any calendar, though, and the days start to bleed and blend together without change. Wake up, forage, repair, and eat what never feels like enough, sleep, repeat.
This day starts like all the others. I take a deep breath on my porch. It’s not sunny anymore. Whatever they did to take the power offline had some effects on the weather, and while I can see the disc burning brightly behind the heavy gray clouds it’s never quite warm. I’m light on chores today, finding myself in a sweet spot between a meager harvest from my homemade green room and putting up the winter boards so I don’t freeze to death in the coming months. In a moment of whimsy and despite the fact that everything around me is already turning brown under the threat of winter I decide to venture out to see what I can forage, maybe a bit of lichen or some moss. I’m surprisingly light on my feet, feeling buoyed by the idea of a leisurely day with the thought of finding something, anything green growing in the wild supporting me more than my bones.
The whimsy continues after I pick up my knife and basket and wander down my maintained walk. “Better check the mailbox.”  I say, giggling to myself. No one has sent mail for more than a decade, nearly two now, but my fingers grasp the pull and tug regardless. When I open the box I experience a moment of pure cognitive dissonance. It’s filled to the brim with small white boxes with a blue logo. I glance quickly and slam it shut, now laughing and shaking my head. There’s nothing in the mailbox, I have enormous tumor eating through the delicate folds of my gray matter. I open the box again, expecting that the true contents will be revealed, but the boxes are still there, defiantly white and tempting. I can’t quite relay how I feel as my trembling hand pulls out the first box. There are no postmarks, but there is a date written in a fresh hand that dictates that the year is 2041. As I mentioned earlier I’ve long since stopped caring about calendars or days but this makes me frown and start to count. How many equinoxes have there been? How many cold winter days that felt even more endless than the others? I pull the boxes out faster now, dropping them eagerly into my basket. Each one is dated in that same neat hand, one each for the last 18 years. I remembered getting these for a time when I was a child, then for a time longer as an adult, as a result of a contest I had won as a freckle faced youth. With my bag heavy and my mind racing, all thoughts of foraging for the day discarded, I make my way back up the walk and head to my darkened bedroom. I light the hurricane lamp, an early pillage from a sporting goods store 10 miles away that has been with me nearly from the start of this nightmare and get to work.
Starting with the oldest box first, the one dated 2023, the year of the final surge, I carefully open each one, my jaw dropping just a little wider every time. Every single box was filled with Oreo cookies. A small pack of 6, but more cookies than I had seen in the last 20 years. My heart pounded as I carefully peeled the little bag open, the scent of chocolate hitting me instantly. My mouth waters. More accurately, I drool. I give the first cookie a tentative lick. I don’t immediately recoil, so I take a bite. Thanks to the lack of air or light in the mailbox, they were remarkably crisp and fresh-tasting. I finish the first cookie, and then another. Before I realize what’s happening I’ve finished the first bag, my head spinning with the sugar rush. I’m giddy, laughing hysterically, and high, high, high the way only refined sugar makes you. I then vomit spectacularly, filling my bedroom with a scent that’s acrid and bitter, but still chocolatey. I immediately crash from the excess. This is more calories than I’ve had in a single day in years. Anything rich or fatty I had usually went to the dog to keep her healthy and chubby, and now I’m paying for my impulse and greed.
It takes me being sedentary for a moment, my mind wandering in a sugared daze for me to realize how highly unusual this is. Did I eat cookies with an unknown provenance? I sure did. How did they get there? I understand why I might not have been aware of their presence. I haven’t had any need to check the mailbox in years. No need to check for an electric bill. But it did raise other questions. Was there still an Oreo factory somewhere? Is the year 2041? Who was delivering these packages?
I couldn’t remember the last time I had seen another person. There was more wildlife, the occasional feral dog, but nothing that could open a mailbox or tuck treats inside. Where were they coming from? In my mind I was already hatching the plan. I reasoned with myself that it was unlikely the deliveries had been made during the daytime. I was always awake and working, either fixing my house or gardening in the greenhouse. I would have heard a truck. I would have noticed the smell of exhaust on the wind. The dog would have barked for the ten years she was with me. So, the cookie deliveries were happening at night. I dragged myself upright and went outside, my feet directed not by my head but my heart. Without bothering to get the hammer to carefully pry the nails out, I rip the board I use to insulate the window against the winter chill right off. Inwardly, my mind is spinning. I don’t know when the last delivery was made. I could be 364 or 4 days away from seeing it, but I would see it. When the world went to shit and everyone died around me I assumed I would meet a similar fate. Now with an empty cookie packet in my pocket and a stack of white boxes nested on my nightstand, I know better.
 