Three billion human lives ended on August 29, 1997. The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day. They lived only to face a new nightmare, a war against the machines. The computer which controlled the machines, Skynet, sent terminators back through time. Their mission: to destroy the leader of the human Resistance. John Connor; my son. The first terminator was programmed to strike at me, in the year 1984, before John was born. It failed. Since then Skynet has tried 277 more times.  Today is the day they succeeded.  

 It’s been 30 years since Kyle  arrived in 1984 LA.  Thirty years of running, hiding, and fighting, all leading to this day.    When John sent back the first protector, he had no idea how many more  we’d have to send back to protect John from the machines.  But today we thought we had won.  Skynet has other plans.  The first Terminator sent back to 1984, and every one since were decoys.  Skynet had anticipated our victory at the salt flats and programmed the facility defenses to allow us access to their technology.  The terminals should have been our first clue.  We’d been slicing into Skynet for years, but always by hacking captured machines.  The Salt flats facility was different, there found  working terminal access and it made sense. The facility was a US military base designed to withstand a nuclear bombardment.  Anyone trapped inside would need terminal access to the facility mainframe to monitor communications, run the facility, or access outside resources.  Our slicers were inside the mainframe in minutes. We were so proud of ourselves.  We had beaten Skynet, taken the time machine, and had access to an army of Terminators with the ability to program them to work for us.

Or so we thought.

We’d planned ahead. We knew when and where the time machine would be finished. John befriended  Kyle and fed him our background story. I’d been operating under an alias for five years to prevent the machines from using me against John and to prevent all but a handful of close friends from knowing what we knew.  I’d spent that time coordinating with other resistance cells around the world.  We’d  take the facility, secure the machines, and send back the protectors. All 276 of them.

But There were 278 assassins.  The 277th was Susan, John’s wife.  She was a T200 hybrid, sent back from a different facility.  One we didn’t know about.  What Skynet didn’t know, what we hadn’t told anyone, was that the real Susan had died two months earlier.  Most were told she had been sent to the rear to recover, but when a Susan showed up a few weeks later as one of the only survivors of the attack on our hospital base, we knew it was Skynet.  We pretended otherwise.  When she arrived at the facility, John shot her on site.  He had to watch her die again.

The 278th Terminator was so one no one suspected.  It was the best decoy Skynet had ever created.  It had been sent back in time four years. To replace the only person who knew as much about Skynets time travel plans as amounted did.

That Terminator was me and I succeeded.

