*What a disgusting species*.  Hermes thought as he and the survivors of unit 17 entered the ship.

"Had I known we were landing in a militarized zone, we would have been better prepared." 

The fight was over almost as soon as it had begun.  There were so many of them and so many shots fired, that it seemed like they didn't even have to reload their weapons.  They hid behind walls and vehicles while firing into the front line.

"Disgusting cowardly wretches."

No matter, they had made it back to the ship and it's plating would hold them at bay long enough to enter orbit and rendezvous with the mothership.  Although Hermes unit had suffered a humiliating defeat, he knew the other units had probably fared much better.

When Hermes opened up the comms center chaos and confusion was everywhere and then he heard it; The general order to retreat.  How could it have gone so wrong?  The intelligence reports said they hadn't even made it off planet.

In the distance Hermes could see hundreds of dropships lifting off the ground.  Once they were in the air they received the order to drop the bombs.  Cowardly, but under the circumstances it was warranted.  Hundreds of the enemy would be killed, but that's what happens when you resist the Dominion.  He smiled as small puffs of smoke expanded hundreds of feet below.  His bliss was interrupted when the first dropship exploded in midair, the enemy had airships.  

Hermes accelerated to top speed.  If he could make it in range of the mothership he would have cover fire long enough to dock.  In what seemed like an eternity, countless dropships had been destroyed, but he and the rest of unit 17 were going to make it.  They were in range of the mothership and it seemed like the airships had turned away in fear. 

On the far side of the mothership there was a flash of light, brighter than a star.  Hermes didn't understand what was happening, but as the mothership started to fall he knew he would never see his family again.

Edit: Formatting is more difficult than I had imagined.