Emotions are what separate your kind from mine. People like you are able to lead "normal" lives—a family, a home, a career. We look the same, you and I, but there’s something that makes you human and makes me... not so much.

My “disease” isn’t a rare one. There are many others like me, who are thrown onto the street once the nature of the child is revealed. Most inevitably die, depending on the region; cities with bitter cold winds tend to keep less of us, while places with milder climates have entire streets and districts designated for our shanties and makeshift homes.

Some end up on the streets later in life, during adolescence, or even adulthood. The lack of emotions made it difficult to form meaningful relationships, and support systems are nonexistent. You would think, as outcasts, we would band together to form our own society, but the very thing that leads to our isolation and identity is ironically also what fails to bring us together.

As part of being “human,” your kind organizes charity drives. Clothing, food, toys—being natural feelers, you are unaware of the emotions that linger in each object you offer us. If we had the ability to do so, wouldn’t we live our lives like you do, with more color than was allotted to us?

But what you give us is all we have. We swallow hastily-made sandwiches that taste of annoyance and a smear of flippancy, a clear indicator that you feed us more for your ego than for our well-being; and what could I do with a coat woven from sadness, or a scarf knitted with rage? Unsuspectedly I had pulled on a similar coat over my body once, but was driven to the depths of despair and fear, a flurry of emotions too intense for a novice; I instead burned it for warmth, choosing to shiver in the cold when the fibers curled up and produced a thick, acrid smoke.

I've had the chance to experience envy and fleeting triumph when I played with a ball stolen from a privileged classmate; I've tasted the unusual saltiness of a frosted cake baked by a widow; I've dried my hands on a handkerchief that was used more for farewells than for dusting crumbs from small fingers and mouths. 

The suit I wear now as we speak reeks of dissatisfaction and regret, most likely once the possession of a disgruntled salaryman. The stitching is mediocre, and there’s a coffee (or ink?) stain on the shirt pocket. He might have been quite the complainer, and the noose-like necktie that accompanied the ensemble was surprising; we rarely get anything that expensive.

The first time I pulled on the outfit, the first wave of emotion was inarguably dull, a series of emotions that seemed only a step above what my kind is used to. I fumbled with the tie a bit, as I'd never worn one before; luckily, the previous owner couldn't be bothered with such a hassle every morning, and it came to me in a lazy knot.

When I adjusted the tie to my throat, the sudden feeling of suffocation prompted me to loosen it; but as I hooked my index finger on the cloth, I sensed something new. A whiff of laughter, a tired yet genuine smile. A crinkling of eyes. When I slipped a hand into the pants pocket, the crispness of cellophane candy wrappers flooded me with a yearning to share them—a silly thought, because what could one do with wrappers?—and an overwhelming desire to see someone else smile. You could almost taste the syrupy sweetness of the fruit drops, but there is something greater, something that I am unable to explain; I could feel my heart expand, like there is a friendly warmth inside my chest, a sensation that is as addictive as any cigarette...