A teardrop fell onto the parchment, staining it, smudging the ink a little bit and skewing the lines of my sketch. A little bit of water for the waterfall, to make it seem real, like it always had in my dreams. In my head, the grey flowers were actually pink, a lovely pastel pink that caught light and smoothed it out. I often wondered if sleep was the safest place for me to be. If I couldn't sleep, sketching it felt like the next best thing. 

It had been another wonderful night at home. I could still hear the aftermath downstairs; my mother and her newest lover quibbling, possibly over me, or anything else at this point. Broken porcelain clacking downstairs, either what I'd thrown, or a freshly shattered piece courtesy of Farax. He had a temper nastier than mine, with a tongue like a sledgehammer, blunt and crushing. 

My mother, sobbing for at least three or four reasons, all of which conflicted. For me, because of me, with me and without me. I couldn't even begin to imagine how broken she must be inside at this point, after years of cycling through terrible men with a fondness for slapping. I could never understand why she defended them, though. Every time. Dreska above forbid I stand up to him and try to protect her. 

So I had retreated into a dark room, moonlight sneaking through trees and into my open window, softly sobbing to myself and the wind. A chill settled in, but I didn't care much.

My pouting was interrupted by the beating of wings, heavy and strong yet still careful, as she perched on a near tree and poked her head in. I walked over to her, wrapping my arms around the sweet dragon's neck. She always knew when I needed her most, and found a way to show up without alerting anyone. My father had a distaste for Scions, and all things wonderful. 'A thing of the Devil', he called her. She came and went as she pleased, anyway. 

She growled softly, a sweet, deep purr, and pulled back a little. A thick, scaled tail aflame at its end whipped like a torch in the night. 

"What is it, Draxara?" I sniffled. 

She bore through my soul with a piercing stare, then bit down on my shirt and tugged. I stumbled forward a bit, leaning against the window. It almost looked like she was nodding to me. 

Something compelled me to step outside, onto the dim shingled roof, shaky and wobbling. Before I could fall, two large sets of talons carefully wrapped around me, lifting me off the roof and into the night sky, where moon and starlight unbroken by trees. 

At first, I pondered whether I'd become food that night. It was a brief thought, but these things are not unheard of, especially with stray Scions. That thought quickly passed as we approached a glowing speck in the deep forest's center. Deeper than I'd ever been. 

My feet finally touched ground, head spinning from the jarring journey. It was a long ride, but the dizziness didn't settle as I looked up to a scene that came on more like a vision than sight. 

I gasped, bathing in the silvery-cyan light of a glowing waterfall. Pink peonies dotted the forest around us, like scattered candy, and thick vines ran up the mountain of stone. It was exactly like what I had sketched, the place of my dreams, every bit as magical and lovely.

"Draxy, how?" I asked, ravaged by wonder, turning to her. She looked more alive, vibrant, her fiery eyes more like inky pools of magic.

She bowed her head, placing it near the rippling lake of light. 

And in those eyes, I saw something-- a knowing, sagely something; they suddenly seemed infinitely deep and strange. Like she was seeing me with eyes that watched the world grow up, and it was her plaything. 

Like I was seeing the real her for the first time. I took a deep breath, kissing her head, walking to the pool's edge. It was a horizon on land, the nexus between a godly sunrise and dark earth. 

I stepped in.

It was not a subtle thing; like being blanched in the icy waters of Durintrough, icy needles prickling all over. And yet, it was not wet. I floated within it, swallowed by light, but no dampness soaked into my clothes and skin. Instead, it felt sofy, velvety, like being drowned in frigid silk. The blinding whiteness stung my eyes even through eyelids pressed together with full force, and my body went numb, leaving me floating in a blindingly bright abyss.

Something stirred in me. A vision flashed in my mind, one of my newest father and his love for towering over women crumpled on the ground. That power, that rush, a false sense of superiority as he picks on those who can't, or won't, fight back. I felt anger, burning whiter than the light surrounding me, rise inside and boil over. It was as if it poured out of me, melding with the surrounding light, connecting me to it.

I felt power. Freedom. Clarity. None of it made sense, but I could feel something primal bubbling in my soul. Something that would burn away tears. 

Rising from the lake of holy glow, light clung to me. Swirling. A vortex of light consuming my body, an aurora turned woman. Slowly, it dissipated, and I met Draxara's deep, mischievous eyes once more.

*"You are the first to survive, young one,"* a deep voice purred in my head. I knew where it came from. *"I'm glad it was you. There will be time for discussions later-- where shall we go first?"*

I clenched a fist, turning east. "Home. I have to pay someone a visit."

*/r/resonatingfury*