The night was unseasonably cool, so we cut the AC and pushed open every window in the house.  My wife loved the sound of crickets at night, and tonight they seemed louder than usual.    She had long since gone to bed, our blind dog trailing behind to keep her "safe".  

I headed to the kitchen for a beer and slowed to listen for a moment, then realized I was holding the fridge door open and reached in for another beer.  I popped the cap and left it laying with the other three on the counter.  I paused at the doorway to my little office to survey the scene.  Loose papers were everywhere.  My book bible and novel binders were scattered on every available surface.  The walls were covered with post-it notes and papers taped in place.  Even the bookshelves held papers taped to the edges.  I sighed, took a swig from the cold bottle and moved to the desk chair.  I was careful to put the bottle on the coster and dropped into my seat.  I reached for my headphones and froze.  Something felt wrong.  I ran my eyes around the room, trying to figure it out.  Just then the dog growled from the top of the steps and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up.  

Silence.  The crickets had gone silent, the frogs from the ditch were silent.  I started to stand when the front door exploded inward.  Shards of the door jamb  flying in all directions.   At the same moment I head windows in the back of the house shatter.  My dog, blind as she is, charged down the stairs, only to slam into the sharp kick delivered by one of the black clad figures storming into the house.  I lunged to my feet and turned to grab the sword on the wall above my head, when I felt the chair next to me kicked into my legs and I fell in a tangle. 

"Stay down sire."  Hissed the heavily accented voice. "Please stay put!"  I felt a foot pressed lightly to my back.  At that moment I heard my wife scream and I tried to roll to the side only to be met with a kick the ribs that knocked the air out of my lungs.  I struggled to breath, fought to see though the black spots that clouded my vision.  I was terrified.  I heard the unmistakable sound of a taser and then "dogs down."  Over the mans com unit.  

"You bastards killed my dog?" I managed to say and immediately felt like a complete idiot.  The man standing over me was holding some sort of assault rifle and didn't look away from the sight as he kept it pointed out the front window of my office.

"Dog is fine Sire."  He hissed. "Your wife is fine your kids are fine."  He added.  

Jesus, had I really asked about the dog first?  

Just then the front of the house was bathed in bright light.  Some very large vehicles were driven right up to the front door.  The house was suddenly filled with the sound of whirling blades as well.  I could not see anything but legs from where I lay but many men where coming and going through the front door.  Then a team came down the stars half carrying someone.  They had been bundled in flack vests and a helmet that was far to large for them.  That had to be my wife but I could tell that she had been knocked unconscious.

"What have you done?" I tried to yell but the man dropped to my chest with both knees.  

"You will stop talking please sire."  He said again, almost pleading.  The next person down the stairs was my son, also immobilized.  I was now in complete panic.  My guts turned to ice water.   

Then the desk was shoved to the wall and everything on it was swept to the side.  More men pushed into the tiny room and they were pulling me to my feet.  They roughly pushed a heavy vest over my head and then a helmet down on my head.  They lifted me by the arms and carried me out of the shattered front door and onto the lawn.  There, on the lawn was a large armored vehicle and just beyond it, a massive helicopter sat, blades still spinning.  They pushed me past the gapping ramp that led to the vehicle and I strained to see what was inside.  I saw the prone body of my dog with a solider squatting next to it.  

"What the bell is happening?"  I yelled, but my voice was lost in the deafening sound of the rotors.   The men lifted me up into the waiting arms of more black clad solders and as soon as they had me I felt the helicopter begin to lift.  The last sight I had of my house showed me that it was surrounded by vehicles and swarming with armed men.  

A hand on my shoulder caused me to turn my head and revealed a man in a suit.  I saw my wife and son slumped in the seats across from us.  There were at least four heavily armed men as well.  The man in the suit pushed a set of headphones into my hands and one of the soldiers pulled the helmet from my head.

I pushed the headphones on and the man gave me a nervous smile before he started.  

"You are David franklin Sommer?"  He asked.  I could only nod at the question.  

He pulled a bright red folder out of the small briefcase he clutched on the seat and opening it, he ran his finger down the first paper.  

"You recently had genetic testing done?"  

Again, I could just nod.  

He held the folder open so that I could see the results.   I scanned down the page and stopped where he held his index finger.  He tapped the paper several times, as if to be sure I read the important part.

"There must be a mistake..." I heard myself stammer.  My voice sounded like it was coming from a tunnel and the black spots were once again dancing across my vision.  

The man reached into his case and pulled out a small packet, snapped it open and held it under my nose.  My head jerked up and away from the strong smell, but I was now focused.

"Sire, over the past three days every other living member of the royal bloodline has been killed, we have worked to keep it secret but have been unable to stay ahead of the killers.  You, are now the most senior surviving member."

"But I have an older brother..."

The man shifted in his seat and looked away.  At that very moment the radio exploded with noise.  The copter was suddenly diving for the ground.  

"What's happening!"  I screamed.  

"Your home was just hit, bombed."  The man said, voice steady.   

"Where are you taking us?"  I asked?  

"Somewhere safe...". he replied.  With that he turned his attention to the pilots, giving rapid  instructions,  and I was left stare out the window as the ground rushed  past.   