I had figured since I was young that if Hell existed, I would end up in its depths when my life ended. And as I opened my eyes to pillars of flame and vast, endless pits dotting the land around me, I knew I'd figured right. As I was led further from where I landed, the horrified, desperate screams became quiet, replaced by the sound of... normal life. Muffled talking, the clattering of people hard at work, and beyond that, the faint sounds of the towering flames.

As the demon dragged me along, the empty landscape became more and more cluttered with homes and businesses. Demons of all sorts wandered the streets, as if this were a bustling town and not Hell, the home of the damned. We walked for a long time, the demon all but ignoring me as she pushed me through a door, leaving me alone.

"Not alone, child. Home." A voice came from above, as a man dropped from an upper story. "You know why you're here, you don't need me to read your file." He said. I swallowed, feeling suddenly fearful.

"I suppose that means you're Lucifer, then." I said. "Alright, great. Bring on the eternal torment then." It seemed that my tour had come to an end, and now I faced the executioner. But then he started to laugh, thumping my shoulder.

"Torment? And why would I do that?" Lucifer asked, looking me over. "For breaking God's little rules? Sweetheart, I *hate* the old geezer. Your antics were the best entertainment I've had in decades!" He took my arm, leading me further into his lair. "I'm not here to torture you, I'm here to offer you a *job."*

"A job." I repeated, dumbfounded. "You want to *offer me a job.*" He nodded, and passed over a slip of paper.

"Here, read over the contract. Hell, get a lawyer to double check it- we've got plenty of 'em down here." Lucifer said, snorting. "It's quite simple. I give you eternal life, a new set of demonic powers, and all you need to do is go topside and cause some mischief for me. To really piss of the upstairs neighbours."

"And the catch?" I asked. "Because no offense, but a too-good-to-be-true contract from *The Devil* is going to have a catch." I'd pulled a few cons myself, and this had all the trademarks of one.

"Smart girl." Lucifer said. "Well, I'll get permanent ownership of your soul, for one. No chance at redemption, Heaven, or any of that crap. You'll have to be trained, of course, but that's simple enough." He explained, leaning back. "And you'll be leaving behind most of your friends. Unless they end up here, you'll never see them again."

"So I get superpowers and immortality, I get to keep causing trouble, and all you want is my soul?" I asked. At his nod, I grinned. "Deal."