Everyone in the chamber was afraid to make a sound. Through the thick door, we could all hear the distant sizzling sound of the security force’s electric weapons; projectile weapons with silver bullets couldn't be used in a space station, unfortunately. We could only stun them, and then put them out the airlock. Louder than the weapons, we heard their commanders roaring orders and the soldiers screaming in pain. And loudest of all was the ferocious howling of the wolves in battle. Out the window, the ever-present orange glow of Jupiter filled the room, but the dull grey orb of Ganymede was also visible. With so many moons around the planet, there’s almost always a full moon in the sky. Hence, there are almost always wolves.

Whoever “patient zero” was had managed to keep their affliction quiet for a long time. The doctors on Earth hadn’t detected it, nor had it manifested itself on the staging station in orbit. There are pretty few windows there, so Luna would have mostly been hidden. But once the ship docked here on the Jupiter gas scoopers, there was no containing it. The wolf was unleashed amongst the million colonists. Their numbers were up to 20 before anyone even hypothesized that the mythical werewolf may not be so mythical after all. And by then, they’d disappeared into the vents and the unoccupied gas separation equipment. 

The hallway outside fell silent in an instant. The terrified occupants of our chamber all craned their necks, as if that would allow them to hear any better through eight inches of plate steel. Then a little girl shrieked in horror, causing the whole room to flinch. A werewolf had appeared outside the window, futilely trying to swim away from the sucking gravity well of the gas giant below. It snarled, baring knife-sized yellow teeth, and swiped at the window. The tips of its claws just barely managed to connect with a click before it drifted away. Four more wolves followed, as well as six men wearing the tattered, bloody remains of their security uniforms. 

The intercom at the door buzzed to life. “Hallway Epsilon cleared.” The voice on the other end sounded shell-shocked and beaten, but relieved. “Please allow another minute to restore atmosphere.” I wondered how many battles he’d seen, fighting his way to the airlock controls to evac infested parts of the station. How many of his brothers’ bodies he’d seen drift down to the planet along with the wolves. I’d only been caught in the crossfire a few times and I was already horrified beyond belief. 

The door whooshed open, and the smell of freshly-recycled air flooded in. The people closest to the door glanced around like they were waiting for permission. No one wanted to be the first into the hallway; there were stories that some wolves had managed to dig their claws into the walls and survive without atmosphere until the airlock was sealed up again. I didn’t believe it; nothing can survive in dead space for that long. But I guess the others figured *why risk it*?

“Hurry!” the commander shouted through the intercom. Through the open door, I could just see the top of his helmet at the station at the end of the hallway. “This whole wing is due to be cleared in the next half hour.” Going section by section had been costly and ineffective. Rather than lose more men by the day, the colony administrators had just started evacuating us in groups and letting whole wings of the station empty out into space for a few minutes. 

We stampeded through the hall, ignoring the claw marks gouged into solid steel and the spatters of blood that had frozen in crevices when the atmosphere flooded out. At the other end of the hall, the emergency shuttles waited in the docking stations. A troop of guards stood next to a panel of windows with a full view of Callisto and Io, and then made us all stare at them for about thirty seconds. It was the only test that they had to detect any wolves who might have managed to conceal the condition up till now. No one in our group turned, though, so they hurried us onto the ships and departed from the station.

We stayed just close enough to watch as every door on our wing opened up. Random personal objects floated out into space; anything that the owners hadn’t had time to tie down in the few minutes of warning we’d had before the evac order. I saw books, children’s toys, ration packs, and all sorts of other things float out and join the cloud of debris sinking slowly into Jupiter’s massive surface. After a minute or two, three werewolves came floating out as well. One of them still had its claws dug into the artificial wood surface of a stout dining room table. 

Once we were given the all clear signal, the shuttles returned to the station and docked. The only thing that had changed was the brand-new recycled atmosphere smell, but that would pass in a few days. 

“Mining quarters wing successfully cleared,” a cheery automated voice remarked over the station-wide announcement system. “Scans detected no residual signs of life.”

“All right,” the captain announced to the docking bay full of terrified residents. “You heard it. This wing is clear. Return to your homes and avoid any unauthorized travel to any other wing until the entire station has been swept. All work details will remain canceled until you are told otherwise.”

No one moved. This was about the fourth or fifth time we’d all heard such an announcement, and this time we weren’t so ready to buy it. We’d all go back to our homes to learn that one had survived in a med bay shelter and was on the loose again, forming a new pack.

“You’re sure this time?” someone from the crowd called out.

“Positive,” the captain answered.

From somewhere in the station, a wolf unleashed a howl so loud that it managed to silence the announcement’s voice telling us that the wing had been successfully cleared. A collective shiver raced down the spine of everyone in the room, and the children burst into tears again. 

“God fucking damn it,” the captain hissed, unaware that he was still speaking into the mic. “All right, everyone back in the fucking shuttles!” 

---

If you enjoyed this story, visit /r/Luna_Lovewell where I write under my normal username!