I put a hand on my face and pull it back to see blood. 

"Are you serious?" I say. "You fucking scratched me, Walt."

"Yeah, I fucking scratched you, you dim-witted twat. Get your ass out of bed. It's time to go."

Walter, an orange tabby, sits on my chest and kneads his claws into my neck and clavicle until I finally get out of bed. 

"This better be life or death," I say as I pull some sweatpants on and throw a hoodie over my head.

"Of course it's between life and death, you fool. I'm a cat, when have you ever seen me this excited?"

"Only every time I use the can opener."

"That's not fair," he says. "You know I have a sensitive nose. No! This is much more pressing. Now let's go, you lumbering old man."

"Can you at least tell me what we're doing? What's so life or death--"

"I don't have time for questions. Just move!"

Walter leaps off of the bed and out of my bedroom door. I reluctantly follow, massaging more life into my eyes. I glance at the clock and see that I'm supposed to be at work in an hour. This better be quick.

I find Walter waiting for me by the front door. 

"Do I have time to make coffee or--"

"Do you have time to make *coffee*? Daniel, please. When I say this is life or death, I bloody mean that it's life or death. Where I'm from, that usually means that we move with a little bit of a pep in our step. There we go, now we're getting it."

I roll my eyes and throw open the front door. Walter bounds into the front yard and then begins to trot down the sidewalk towards downtown. He doesn't wait for me to catch up so I have to jog to keep pace. 

"You know, Walt, this is a little silly."

"What is?"

"I'm following a cat down the sidewalk. It looks like I'm walking you or something."

"And that's wrong?"

"You're a cat."

"Right. I'm a cat. Now enough talking, we're almost--"

"Hey, neighbor!" a voice calls from a familiar house. 

Walter stops dead in his tracks and glares at the individual now approaching us from their front door. It's Lucy. She lives down the street from us. 

"Out for a walk? Hey, Walter," she says. 

"Daniel, we don't have time for this."

"Walt, hang on. Hi, Lucy, how are you?" I ask, trying to be polite.

"I'm really great, how are--"

"Daniel, are you kidding me with this shit? You seriously trying to get laid right now?"

Lucy looks down at Walter and stoops down to his level. She starts scratching underneath his chin. Walt can't resist and he starts to purr.

"Damn you," he says to Lucy.

"Walter, you're being so loud today," she says. "You guys going for a walk or something? I'll be honest, I've never seen someone walk their---"

"Yeah, I just kinda figured that I'd give it a try," I say. "He's always begging me to take him outside more and figured I'd try walking him up the--"

"Jesus Christ, can we wrap this up now? I swear to god if we--"

"Sorry about him," I say. "How's work been? I feel like I haven't seen you in a--"

Walter reaches up in a long stretch and nips at the back of my leg with a flexed paw.

"Walter, stop," I say. 

"No, *you* stop, you piece of--"

"Sorry about him," I say. 

"It's really okay. I can tell he really wants to get going. I'll let you guys get back to it."

"Thank you," Walter says and starts to march up the sidewalk. I stay behind for a second and offer my apologies to Lucy. 

"Don't worry about it," she says. "Maybe I'll see you around?"

"I hope so," I say. 

"You hope so, huh?" She takes a step closer to me and bites her lip coyly. "Why haven't you ever---"

"HEY!" Walter yells from up the street. "Put your goddamn dick away and come with me! It's *urgent*!"

"Why don't I get your number?" I say, ignoring Walter. "And maybe we can get together sometime and--"

"I'd like that," she says.

Walter sighs loudly as he waits for Lucy to give me her number. We awkwardly hug goodbye and then I jog up to meet Walter who only shakes his head. 

"We missed it," he says. 

"Missed what?" I ask. 

"*That*, you selfish prick."

I look in the direction of his gaze and see what he's talking about.

Across the street, in an empty parking lot, is the remains of a what appeared to be a large circus. Old bags of popcorn, ticket stubs fluttering in the wind, abandoned tent poles. It looked like it must've come and gone right under our noses. 

"They're gone," he says. "*He's* gone. This was our one chance. I never thought we'd see him again. It's been *years*."

I immediately feel terrible. I crouch down beside Walter and start stroking his head. 

"I'm sorry, buddy," I say. "I guess you're stuck this way. I feel terrible."

Walter breathes a loud sigh and starts licking and cleaning his paws. 

"I guess so," he says. "But I guess it's not all bad, being a cat. Plus, you take decent care of me. Way better than before."

"Yeah, but aren't you going to miss being a human? And what about your body? Are you just going to let him keep it?"

"Well, *Daniel*, if you had worried more about that instead of worrying about getting your dick sucked, then we wouldn't be in this mess."

"Easy, Walt. If I recall, I believe it was *you* who volunteered for his act. And it was *you* who agreed to the terms and conditions."

"Yeah, but no one reads those."

"Well, maybe now you will."

"Ugh, I guess so. He was only here for one night. A surprise visit."

"I'm sorry, man," I say.

Walter lays down directly on the sidewalk and stares across the street at the empty lot. 

A flyer blows in the wind. On that flyer, it reads: "Come One, Come All: Watch The Great Dantino Transform Your Friend or Family Member into an Animal\* for $50.

\*Results may vary"