He just stands there. Fixed. Frozen. His face twisted, contorted, both looking at me and not. 

I keep thinking about my parents’ wedding. I remember it as clearly as the corrupted file allowed me. GG told me it looked how films had looked when he was a child. Grainy, low-def, and unclear. Even so, one pixel would have been enough, the joy and love that seeped into the room when I sat there, four years old, transfixed by these young-but-very-familiar looking people. It’s hard to grasp as a child that there was life before you were born. We think that we are the centre of our universe, every discovery a new discovery, the taste of metal, the feel of a fine mist, the purr of a cat as it sits docile on your lap.

I read once that when you remember something, you’re not remembering it specifically, but you’re actually remembering the last time that you had remembered it. I think about that a lot, the strange cycle our minds put us through, memories distilled again and again and again, faces blurring and smells diffusing. 10k video to VHS in a matter of years. They seemed so happy, then. 

My memories, fading faster all the time, are all that are left of me now, each one corrupted further by each replay in my heads. The face in the suit creeping, seeping into each one. I barely recognise the face itself anymore, or to whom it belonged. 

I think of myself again as a child, cross legged, throwing cereal into my face as fast as I could, transfixed by the screen and the ever-diminishing pixels. I’ll always be there, in that last memory I have of any clarity. That was a different world, then. A different ground beneath me. I have already forgotten how the air used to taste.

At first the accident had made my memories more clear than they had ever been, my mind, split in two, using two processors rather than one. I needed more. I had to have more. Double the amount of mouths to feed. Two would become four, which became eight, sixteen. I used to remember how many there were, but the numbers have dissolved as if they were salt in water. Faces, places, names, dates, feelings. They all followed suit. Spread thin, then thinner still. I became a species unto myself. And when peace becomes war, all that matters is survival, where memory fades further and instinct, that solitary unifying, undeniable instinct, takes over. So many years later, I’ve died more times than humanity before me. The last of them haunts me still. His face behind the screen of his helmet. Anguish in perpetuity. 

I fled the past. The billion-body boneyard - made trillions by those of my own - of the Earth. It became clear how exploring outside of it had been so slow, so encumbered by the value bestowed in each pair of hands, each nose, each screaming ball of skin thrust from its mother into the atmosphere, not to be wasted. When hands and noses become disposable tools of progress, things speed up. Safety is not a concern when there are billions to take their place.

By the time I had left, my corpses outnumbered theirs; a thick dust across my dying home. Some remained, just in case. I, we, us, absconded a thousand times in all directions. The only left are those of us here, red dust beneath our feet, distilled again and again and again, digging, building, excavating. Exploring. 

I do remember having seen that face before. I’m still sure it was no dream, paralysed beneath my sheets, staring at the spacesuit in the door to my bedroom. It was still, itself paralysed, frozen in that scream. It disappeared and I had run, pyjamas wet with urine, into my parents room. So sure it had been real. I try to remember doing this, but their faces have long gone from my heads, even my great-grandfather - my GG - scrubbed clean. Recorded over. 

I left to run away from it, but it haunts me more now than ever. A mirage seen with each pair of eyes, hairs on the back of each neck standing up, cold sweat on every brow. 

As the atmosphere thickened and warmed, one of the excavation sites turned up something anomalous. Bedrock doesn’t sound hollow, after all. My billion attentions focused, hearts pounding as they pumped blood around the arms that dragged it up from deep below. As we, I, opened it, our hands wiping away the dust of epochs, I felt briefly corporeal. Real feelings, the first in a long, long time. Real fear, trembling every bone, every cell.

It’s hard to imagine as a child that life existed before you. We are all children. Each of me, each of us. He and I stood in the dim light of the box. As I edged closer time melted away and for the first time in a long time, I looked upon myself anew. The two of us, screaming behind our helmets. In that instant I understood, I, we, remember, after all these years, that that face at the foot of my bed had always been my own. The last of those before that I, we, had killed, mine, ours. We, I, us, had been here before. The world before me lost definition. The Martian sky grew grainy, jumpy, flickering like an old video. 

It’s hard to imagine as a child that life existed before yours, especially that of your own. I’m still screaming. Each of me. Frozen without sound. 

Still.





