There was no color.

That is the first thing Dorothy noticed as she awoke from the rubble of her childhood home. Everything was awash in a palette of grey, browns, and blacks. Gone were the lush colors of her homeland. The emerald greens, the ruby reds, and of course the gleaming yellow of the road that wound threw her town and into the lands beyond. Even her dress, usually clean and bright, was faded and stained since being exposed to the harsh elements. The storm had ended but the sky remained dark as the clouds lingered over the countryside.

Dorothy was unaware of where she was or how she got here, but she did remember the moments before the tornado struck. The munchkins fearfully running to their homes, the woodland creatures whipped into a frenzy as the sky darkened and the wind picked up. She took her dog Toto and huddled in the basement, hoping to wait out the storm, but she did not expect the tornado to rip her house off of its foundations and carry it God knows where. Dorothy wondered if anyone else had been transported here, the lion, the tin man, or even the Good Witch, had she survived? As far as she knew, only her and Toto had made it out. She gathered up the dog, took one last longing look at her now destroyed house, and set forth to where a rainbow had appeared in the distance.

As she walked along the road, Dorothy passed by piles of hay strewn across the asphalt. Then, a circular object wearing a rough leather hat with a crudely scrawled face appeared. It was a scarecrow, destroyed by the tornado. She hoped it was not the one from her land. The one who had become her dear friend. She continued along, towards the light in the distance. Her legs were weary and her shoes were filling with blood from journey, but she persisted. It was the old saying in Dorothy's head guiding her the entire time, "Follow the yellow brick road". In this instance, she took it to mean follow any road that leads to daylight. It was getting dark now, and the blue sky was turning golden with the arrival of dusk. Exhausted and hurt, she found a clearing, a patch of grass beside the road past the cornfield, and laid down. The grass was damp and muddy, not like the neat, soft pillow-like fields of her home. As night approached, Dorothy curled up her dress around her like a blanket. Toto nestled alongside her, and the two waited for nightfall. 

Suddenly, a van appeared, and then another, and then another. On each van was a red lowercase T painted on the side. Dorothy was half-asleep when they had arrived, and Toto was barking like mad at the new arrivals. Two men ran to her and swaddled her in a thick scratchy blanket. They guided her to the open back doors of one of the vans and began shining lights all over her body. They pointed at her cuts and examined her bruises, putting a cold ice bag on her knee. It was loud and frantic, but Dorothy trusted the men. Their voices were hoarse and panicked, but they spoke with conviction, as if they knew what they were doing. Over the growing din, a female voice cut through.

"Move, move!", she shouted

The men parted, and out came a thin woman with a kind face and rolls of cherry blonde hair. 

"Are you all right? How we feeling?", she asked.

"I don't know where I am", Dorothy said meekly. It was the first time she had spoken all day. The words came out timidly.

"OK. You're in Kansas. Lawrence. Kansas. Understand? Alright we're going to get you some help." The woman continued to shout instructions to the men surrounding her, using terms Dorothy could scarcely understand.

"Who are you?" Dorothy managed to say, her voice coming back to her.

"Honey, my name is Glinda and I'm going to take you to the hospital".

As Glinda took her by the hand and led her into a waiting ambulance, Dorothy hugged her tight. Tears streamed down her face and onto Glinda's medical scrubs. Glinda returned the favor with a warm embrace that reminded her of her dear old Auntie Em. She was shaking, gasping and making sharp noises with mouth. She had no idea where she was, what would happen, or how she would get home. But now she knew Glinda, and she knew Glinda was good.