"Happy little clouds", we heard in Ross' signature voice. "In your world, you can put the clouds wherever you'd like."

"We've been watching this recording for three hours now, can we just move on to the next episode?" A frustrated Detective Rodinger complained. "If we haven't caught it by now, we never will. What if this episode has nothing?"

"No." I responded firmly, "The pattern is unquestionable. This is the episode where we can find the last clue. Just keep looking."

"How about I get you guys some coffee," Offered the secretary. 

"Thank you Melissa. I'll take mine plain dark."

"As much sugar as you can fit in there, ma'am." I heard Rodinger say from the other side of the table.

Sitting in that tiny office room with the T.V. in front of us playing non-stop Bob Ross, we were both drained.

"Now let's add some mountains," Continued Ross in the video, "I'm going to take my three inch brush, and just gently paint the outline of a mountain. Just like that."

"Hold on!" Rodinger springed from his chair, nearly tipping it over. "Isn't that part of the Sierra Nevada?"

My heart started racing, and I looked at him expectantly. "You know that place?" I ask.

"Yeah, I'm not sure why I didn't recognize it earlier, but that looks like the mountains I saw on my climbing trip last Spring, I'm sure of it!"

Melissa was back with the coffee, but neither of us touched it, not wanting to disturb the excitement.

At this point, Rodinger was entranced by the video. After a quick google search, I did find the mountains he was talking about, and luckily enough, the small cabin from the painting was there too. Having seen pictures of what the painting was based off, I did however see one difference. 

"You see that small island over here?" I asked Rodinger.

"Yeah, but on the photograph it's empty. I wonder if it was simply a mistake, or..."

"Melissa, can you rewind back to where he paints in this island?" I asked.

After she rewinds, we listen to Bob Ross' commentary closely.

"If only this little tree had a friend, a special friend. Ah, this is our world, we can do whatever we want with it. Let's put a special little tree right here."

Right before Ross paints the tree, he paints an x where the tree will go. To unsuspecting eyes, it would seem like a simple indication of where he is planning on drawing the tree, but we knew.

Our eyes met, and Rodinger had a wide grin.

"Melissa, book us a flight to Spain, we're leaving tomorrow."

&#x200B;