"That was the last one," she thought.  Every known founder, messiah, and prophet gone.  Every fool who ever thought to make up a story, to convince a population, and then wield their influence through modifications to their myth has been erased from history.

*Really done* this time.  Those first trips back had been such learning experiences.  Kill one prophet, and another pops up.  Take out Joseph Smith, return to home-time, and find two versions of L. Ron Hubbard.  Chasing down all the consequences to her actions had been tough.  But now, the final ramification was erased.  She had gotten them *all*.

She placed her blaster to the side, engaged the control console, and set a direct time-path back to the present.  The *real*, secular present she had worked for all this time.  With the push of a few buttons, the craft jolted to power and her brief trip began, then shortly ended.

"Finally," she thought.  "Now let's see what a truly secular, a truly rational, civilization looks like.  She arose, lifted the blaster, and walked to the door.

The whoosh of the door was lost in the crowd's roar.  "She is here!"  "She has returned!"  the crowds eagerly cheered and sang their praised.

Confused, our protagonist walks forward.  "Who is here?  Who is 'she'?" she asked what looked to be the main in charge, dressed as a priest, at the front of the great mass of admirers.

"Why, you.  You are here."  He replied.  "The god who deletes all others.  The one true god, against whom no other heathan relic can stand."

"Well, I should have expected this," she thought.  Folks always wanted to believe in a God; it seemed part of their nature.  She had removed all other options. So now, it seemed, she had one more prophet to smite.

"I am no God.  I am like you.  Just like you!  I am a person, a human, a rational agent.  What I killed were not Gods, but distractions.  I erased the myths of our varied pasts.  The distractions that quashed our intellectual development."

The crowd could not be dissuaded.  "No!  You are our God!  You persevere where others fail.  You are the new foundation of our faith!"

"Then let us see how strong your foundation is!  If I am your one God, the only possible deity, then let this final act show you the truth!"  She rose the blaster, pointed it at her head, and rested her finger on the trigger.

"I am the last!  When I go, no Gods to remain.  Watch and see the flaw of religion, the myth of hope.  Watch as your God, your religion, your faith dies *once and for all*!"

She pulled the trigger.

The crowd gasped.

"OW!" she exclaimed.  "That really...wait..."  She fired again.  "OW!  Mother fu...why isn't...why is?"

"You see," the Priest smiled, "You slay all other Gods.  You, yourself cannot be slain.  So what does that make you?"

With a look of pure bemusement, she could think of only one thing to say.

"...Me damnit."