The squeak of the hinge echoed through the empty throne room. Sir Hoge stuck his head in. King Thrussa raised his doleful eyes to take in the nervous expression of the aging knight. A twinge of irritation began in his bossom, nearly quashed by the sorrow that smothered him. He was known for his fiery temper, his booming voice, but when be spoke today it was scarcely above a whisper. "I gave orders not to be disturbed until Minerva is returned."

Sir Hoge swallowed and fully entered the room. His armor rattled as he stood, and the knights mouth worked silently a few times before he managed to speak. "That's just it, your majesty. Minerva is back, safe and sound."

The king blinked, as his vision had gone blurry again. Had he heard that right? Where were the trumpets? Where were the jesters and the tumblers and the scribes to record this momentous occasion? He had expected the doors to be flung open, heralds to proclaim Minerva's return, laughing and dancing and celebration and a feast that would be remembered for decades. Instead he looked down on his most loyal knight, his most stalwart friend who stood silent, trembling before him.  "Where is she?"

Sir Hoge swallowed again. "She is in the courtyard, sire, with her erm... rescuer."

The king leapt to his feet. Was it true? Minerva was back in the castle? His pride and joy returned to him? He barked a laugh. "Why, then I shall go to her!" He fought hard to keep his pace at a brisk walk. He felt like running down the halls! No, he felt like skipping down the halls! "Her rescuer, what sort of man is he?"

Sir Hoge walked briskly beside the king. "It was not a man, majesty."

"Ha! I care not, the reward will be as promised. Minerva's hand in marriage if she accepts, and a title and lands if she doesn't. I care not that her rescuer is a woman. Minerva can have her or not as she desires. A woman knight married to my daughter! I'll be the talk of the continent! And you know I've always been progressive."

"Well, yes, sire, equal pay for women and outlawing slavery is one thing but..." he had to hurry to keep pace with the king, who had broken into a jog as he rounded the last corner before the courtyard. His voice was loud as he called after the king "your majesty, please stop!" But the words were ignored, and the door to the courtyard burst open.

And what a fitting day it was! The air was warm on Thrussa's skin as the spring sunlight hit him. The trees in the orchard were in bloom, their white flowers fluttering in the gentle breeze. The sky clear, the mountains in the distance capped with snow that had yet to melt. "Minerva!" He called, for he did not see her in the expansive garden.

A weight hit him from the side and he felt the familiar embrace of his daughter. He turned and held her close, smelled her familiar perfume. He realized he was weeping, weeping for all the world to see and realized that he didn't care. His child was returned to him! What worry could he possibly have? Today would be a holiday, he decided. He would feast the country! He would not even collect taxes this year! What did he care for gold when all that he treasured was here in his arms.

With effort he ended the embrace and held her at arm's length. Despite the weeks in captivity she was more beautiful than ever. Clean, in a flowing gown of green silk. "Are you hurt? Are you starved? Oh, precious child why did you stop to bathe and dress? I have been waiting for you!"

Minerva beamed up at him, her smile brighter than the dawn. "No father, I am not hurt, I am not starved."

"Ah! Traveling incognito! That knight who rescued you clearly wanted to keep your identity a secret. Of course you would be bathed and well dressed, lest the common folk think you some beggar and throw you out. Pah, try as I might I can never get the common folk to treat the poor with any respect. But that doesn't matter right now, as you are returned from that horrible creature's lair!" At this she winced a bit. "Ah, I did not mean to upset you, Minerva. I should not speak of those difficult times, lest I awaken your memory of them. What of your rescuer?"

Minerva bit her lip and blushed. "I am... quite smitten, father."

"Terrific! I cannot wait to meet him." Minerva made a noise. "About that..." She began. "Daddy? Do you promise you won't be mad?"

He had thought his heart could not soften any further, but Thrussa felt himself soften nonetheless. "That's right! My dear, you know how progressive I am. I care not if your rescuer is a woman, you can wed her if you choose!"

"Oh." Minerva said. "Ha ha ha ha." She said as her expression shifted from nervous to anxious. "About that... perhaps it would be easier to show you than to explain. I'm not sure if you're that progressive."

"What, is she black? You know I don't care about race."

"Well..." Minerva began, leading him through the courtyard. "You might." She stopped, "daddy, I need you to promise you won't be mad. My rescuer is right around the corner."

"Very well! Let's meet her!" But she put a hand on his chest.

"I need you to promise, daddy." Her tone between a command and a plea, the fear in her eyes, calling him daddy.

"Very well, I promise I won't be mad."