My place at the long table was stippled with pencil jabs at this point.  I didn't have the nerve (or perhaps too many nerves) to make eye contact with anybody, but they seemed too enraptured by the droning old man at the far end to notice my odd behavior.  The room was near frigid, but I was sweating anyway.

"The writing's on the wall, folks.  I may be getting up there in years, but my hearing is just fine, and I've heard the facts as well as you have.  This man is innocent."

I picked up my head a little too fast at this.  I was reeeeeally counting on this white man of about seventy to be a racist.  There wasn't much diversity in this jury, which under other circumstances I might have taken issue with as a progressive-minded individual, but given my current pickle, I took it as the ultimate ace in the hole.  I was the token black, joined by eight white men, two white women, and an Asian lady.  She really got in my head, because I don't quite know where middle-aged Asian-American women here in the Midwest typically stand on black youths.  Then she said:

"I agree."

Okay, so she wasn't prejudiced either.  The sensible ladies and gentlemen of this jury were good for the advancement of impartial legal justice in America, but shitty for me.  

"Does anybody have a dissenting opinion?", the mediator asked.  

To my ever-increasing terror, nobody raised their hands.  Now hear this: my name is Antwan Merriweather Jackson.  My granddaddy rolled with the Black Panthers in San Francisco in the heat of the Civil Rights Movement.  My mother came from hard knocks, contending with bigotry on a social and institutional level her whole life.  Despite this, she always believed in the essential decency of mankind, instilling in me a steadfast rejection of hatred and injustice, a code which I have always tried my best to honor.  However, when the mediator called for a headcount on who wanted to throw this brother in the slammer, my ebony-black Uncle Tom ass raised my Negro hand.

All eyes on me.  Nobody knew what to say.  The mediator finally bit.

"Um... care to explain your reasoning, Mr. Jackson?"

I didn't much care to, in fact, but if they turned this kid loose, the case would remain open.  I don't like my heat so hot.

"I mean, the whole thing is pretty open-and-shut to me, guys.  He failed the polygraph, didn't he?"

"No", someone said.  Like a muscle spasm, I came back with:

"Forget the damn polygraph.  Who gives a shit?  The witness saw a man of color around the scene of the crime, this dude fits the bill, I don't see what the hold-up is.  I think he did it."

Silence.  Apparently I should keep talking.

"Same as OJ."

Nice touch.  Everyone deliberated with a series of unsure glances.  Then the old man said:

"Well if the black guy says it's alright, I vote Guilty."

With that, there was a collective exhale of relief.  Everybody reached for their cards and unanimously cast Guilty votes.  Mine sat before me, daring me to disgrace myself to my entire people.  I reached hesitantly for the card, pinched it in my trembling hand... and crushed it.  I heard myself utter:

"I did it."

To which the mild Asian woman stood up and bellowed:

"I KNEW IT!"

