"YOU MEAN TO TELL ME ALL OF YOU ARE SPIES??" The Jihadi boss screamed to all his men. He had been admonishing them for a raid gone wrong, and a select group for losing a major stronghold. He was so furious, and a little confused. I mean, he was sure there were *some* spies, but ALL of them? No one was loyal to him? Like- really? 

"Yes, sir," one of the men said at the front.

"Sami! You- you were my most trusted adviser."

"You were an idiot," Sami told him with a slight shrug. "I'd have thought my betrayal was quite clear when I advised you to load a missile with jamming signals before firing at the Israeli Nuclear Power Plant."

"But- but that plan worked! It caused months of mayhem in Israel!"

"But you forget what happened afterwards! Our entire commando section for wiped out by Mossad and CIA and I am responsible! That decision got attention, and made the world more serious about getting rid of us, thereby costing lives. Lives who were otherwise loyal to you."

"What about- ok, what about Ali? He's definitely waging a true Jihad! He led the attack into Texas sending our men disguised as Mexicans to quietly take over! We have an American Emirate thanks to him!"

"Should we- should we tell him?" they ask one another.

"He'll find out sooner or later," they agreed. "Sir... Ali IS Mexican. His real name is Jesus, and the Mexicans who took over were just honest immigrants, most of whom moved to California."

"Hah, joke's on you!" the boss yelled. "Ali was a school friend. You can't possibly have used him, he's a spy for me!"

The spies were a little confused at first. "Do a background check on one named Ali Shishani. Went to Toni Georges High School."

"Ah, yes... he was killed in action in the aforementioned raid after Operation Humpback Whale ended in the nuclear explosion."

"WHAT? YOU MURDERERS! YOU KILLED MY FRIEND!"

"How many have you killed so far?" one asked testily.

"This isn't the point!" he said meekly.

"Sorry, sir, but you're coming with us. This group is finished."

"You think you can hold me? You can't just- end this you know."

"We'll continue holding operations," another answered. "Admittedly, this group has been a useful, and convenient enemy. Nice to have under control. Sorry, sir, your whole enterprise is over."

"I'll have your heads for this! Joke's on you!" And the spies step back as he strips his jacket off, revealing a vest laden with bombs. "If I can't have this group, nobody can, certainly not the Great Satan America!"

"You- you think we're all American?"

"I'm French."

"Australian here."

"Royal Agent for her Majesty the Queen."

"Your Queen is a figurehead!"

"That's what YOU think!" the British Agent yelled, making the boss sit back down.

"And I'm Saudi!" one youth said happily.

"You're WHAT?" the boss was beside himself. "You funded our existence!"

"You swore to demolish our country and you think we *funded* you?"

The agents all laughed at him as they led him away. So funny was this, the boss began laughing too. Laughing at his own stupidity. 