“Mister President?”

“The Senator from Connecticut.”

“I have been asked by tens of thousands of my constituents to speak today, citizens that are gravely concerned by the legislation before the Senate today.  The legislation that we are debating today, was the signature legislation of the previous presidential administration, legislation that was, admittedly, hotly debated, almost eight years ago, but has been of great benefit to millions of Americans nationwide, Americans who, beforehand, found themselves a risk for personal financial ruin in the event of not only a catastrophic accident, by as a consequence of their own normal biological processes.  Prior to the passage of this legislation, many of my constituents and our fellow citizens found themselves literally bankrupted in the course of paying for their medical treatments.  On occasion, individuals who spend most of their lives with chronic medical conditions, in the past, found themselves potentially without medical coverage because they were approaching what was known as a ‘lifetime maximum.’  Now, even though the lifetime maximum for most medical insurance was somewhere in the neighborhood of one million dollars, many people could simply not raise the amount of money necessary to meet the premiums and copays and so forth to reach the maximum amount in the first place, but some individuals of means and or sufficient popularity could, either by themselves or with the assistance of friends and family, raise funds to use in conjunction with their medical insurance to cover the cost of their treatments; the use of insurance acts as a multiplier on the spending power of medical patients to enable them to afford their treatments.  Passing the legislation before the Senate today would harm even medical patients of great means from being able to seek treatment for their chronic conditions.  Another provision of the bill today that would be repealed, the bill today that I am discussing, is the provision that allows young people to stay on the health insurance of their parents until the age of twenty-six.  Young people, as you may know, young adults, many of them in College or just starting out, many of whom are already burdened by great debt coming out of school, and are starting out at an entry-level salary, who find themselves burdened by relatively low salaries and high debt, are already being hindered from participating in the American dream of homeownership and economic prosperity.  Thankfully, under existing legislation, young people who may not yet have a job that gives them adequate health insurance can still access the health insurance of their parents while they are still trying to get on their feet.  Legislation proposed today passes would repeal these safeguards that we have for young people today.  So, the law as it currently stands enables people to cover the cost of their cost of their chronic conditions without fear of their medical insurance running out on them, and young people can go forward in life, secure in the knowledge that their health has protected.  There is an additional group of people that I have not yet discussed yet, people who, perhaps do not know that they benefit from the law as it exists because even though they did not like the previous administration, nevertheless benefited from the current law, law that provides them for additional, or in some cases, for the first time, any health insurance at all, and, relatively speaking, health insurance that is inexpensive.  I met with one of my constituents recently who fumed, who was positively flummoxed by a conversation with her mother.  Now, this woman and her mother, I think it is needless to say, have very different political views, but as I was saying she was very upset because of a conversation that she just had.  Her mother was pleased that the current administration was in favor of this bill because it would repeal the existing law; the daughter pointed out that her mother was only able to afford her current insurance because the law as it now stands enables her to afford the health insurance as it now exists; if the current law is repealed, if she could afford insurance at all, it would be much more expensive than it was before.  It was a very difficult conversation for her to have, and I could feel for her, because as you know, we often find ourselves in this line of work, as legislators, confronted with situations that are confusing and seeming contradictory positions in our day to day work.

Now, I want to mention that I know a few individuals personally that have been a direct beneficiary of the law as it currently exists who would be disadvantaged by the passage of this new law and the repeal of the current law.  As you may know, my son, like many of young people of his age has a circle of friends that he gathers with on the weekends. Sometimes young people like to go out to a nightclub, or go out drinking, or go to the movies, or sometimes stay home and watch television or play video games.  I am happy to say that my son and his friends often on the weekend likes to stay home with his friends, some of whom he knows from college, others he’s made friends with since then, and they play games.  They play any number of board and card games, but one game that they have been spending a lot of time playing, is a so-called roleplaying game called ‘Dungeons and Dragons.’  Now I know what some of you may be thinking, but I have asked my son many questions about this game and I can assure you that although I have not played this game myself I can convince that it is for the most part good, clean fun.  Certainly not any worse than anything you might see on television.  My son, he is the leader of the group, and he gives out to the instructions and scenarios to his friends, and he sometimes plays the innkeeper or the dragon or whatever it is that the other the players interact with.  I have met some of these young people on occasion and they are outstanding individuals.  Some of them have unpaid internships, while one in particular has a chronic health conditions.  Another one, though he attend the same school as my son, has not advanced as quickly from a professional standpoint and does not quite have the same means.  All of these young, outstanding individuals benefit from the law as it currently exists, but if this bill is passed, it will be disadvantaged both financially as well as in terms of their health.  A recent version of this game or ‘campaign’ as they call should illustrate why it is necessary for affordable health insurance to be available to every American.  Dungeons and Dragons typically takes place in what is known as a ‘high fantasy’ setting, if you are not familiar with what this means, think back to King Arthur or the Lord of the Rings movies from several years ago an you should have some sort of idea of what we’re talking about.  Now, since this speech is a matter of public record, I’ll refer to my son’s friends by the character they played as opposed to their proper names.  In any case, they had just finished fighting a particularly powerful wizard.  A group of Dungeons and Dragons players in a campaign typically bring along a cleric or paladin, someone who is capable of healing the other players in the event that they get injured. This service is rendered for free, but there is an expectation that the cleric will take a share of whatever treasure the group finds.  After the fight with the wizard that I just mentioned, the group found that their cleric had been killed, which was remarkable because depending on how serious one plays Dungeons and Dragons, it is actually quite difficult for a player to die and stay dead, especially since killing a player often means that days or even years of progress are lost on the character.  In any case the cleric was killed and they rest of the party, the knight, the ranger, the thief and the wizard (they had their own wizard) had collected the treasure, but many of them were still badly injured.  The party gets back to town and finds the closest healer, the only one in town as a matter of fact, and after making their charisma and diplomacy checks by rolling dice—in Dungeons and Dragons the success for failure of actions is decided by rolling any number of dice, some of which have more than the standard six sides that most of you are familiar with—found that the only way that they could get treatment for their various serious injuries was to pay the healer the very treasure that they had fought so hard and lost one of their comrades in order to gain.  You may say to me ‘well, this is Dungeons and Dragons, it’s a high medieval setting, of could they will have to pay money to the healer, it’s not like health insurance exists in the realm of Shadow's Reach.’ But this is precisely my point: with the passage of the bill before the Senate today, hundreds of thousands of Americans will have to spend even more of their hard-earned treasure—money to care of both basic and chronic medical needs.

It’s not enough for me to merely say though that affordable health coverage is a necessity for both Americans and fictional role playing game characters, so today I have brought with me copies of my son and his friends’ Dungeons and Dragons campaign, as well as copies for his friends’ character sheets.  I will reenact for you their recent campaign using these and some dice that my son lent me.  I am going to take the knight, the thief, the wizard, ranger and also the cleric through the world of ‘The Wrath of Shadow’s Reach.’ So, our adventure starts out a junction in the woods. There is a sign that points in three directions down three different roads, the sign pointing east has an arrow and says ‘Nightmare’s Run.’ The sign pointing west has an arrow and says ‘Westporttown.’ There is also a third sign, pointing south and has and arrow, the sign reads ’Ragthorburg.’  Now, at this point the adventurers discuss to themselves which way to go…