######[](#dropcap)

"What happened?" Robert asked his brow furrowed. 

"Please don't kill me." Even from this end of the phone, he could see Levi wincing in response to the question. His friend had to be around 30 years old now, but he was still the same Levi he knew ten years ago. 

"I just...I told Steven about it, and you know how he gets when he gets an idea in his head. He started preaching, and--"

"Why would you tell Steven?!" Robert resisted the urge to yell. He glanced up at the billboard above his car, where someone was carefully arranging the letters on the sign over and over again in different combinations. Then he glanced over at the next billboard, but had to look away almost immediately due to how rapidly it was flashing different color combinations. Someone could get a seizure from that. 

"Look," Levi's voice crackled from the other end, "I didn't know he would take it seriously. Who would actually believe that chaos is the perfect state? I mean, even my mother is starting to believe it, for god's sake. She rearranges the dishes in a different order every day."

Robert became silent as the light flipped through several colors before turning green. His lips pressed together. 

"The worst thing," Levi continued," is that my girlfriend believes it. She cycles through a different 'boyfriend' every day, although I suspect that has more to do with her just wanting to cheat than the religion itself, but..." 

Robert had stopped listening at this point. 

It was difficult to wrap the mind around. He and Levi had used the idea of "chaos" as an excuse to be messy, so they didn't have to do chores. Who knew the idea of not being perfect would be so attractive? He parked the car in the parking lot, then walked into the grocery store. 

"Welcome!" An employee greeted him at the door with a huge smile. 

Robert blinked. Where were the isles? The signs? All the shelves had been removed from the store, and instead, large piles of items sat on the floor, customers rummaging through them like they didn't want to kill themselves. 

"How am I supposed to find anything?" Robert asked the employee. 

The employee smiled. "There's peace in chaos. No need to rush. You can take your time." 

"I have an appointment I have to get to." 

A weird expression came over the employee's face. "B-but Chaox doesn't allow appointments," she sputtered. "It goes against everything right in the world. Nothing should be set in stone. You...you do believe in it, right?" 

Robert wanted to scream. "Never mind." How would she feel if she knew he was the founder? 

He walked over to a pile, grabbed some random groceries, and checked out.

Once he got back in the car, he sighed, rubbing his temple. He couldn't get ahold of his mother at all through phone. Or anyone, even. They kept changing their goddamned phone numbers. He looked over at the garbage pile festering next to the parking lot, like some giant muck monster, and turned on the AC. 

The world had, quite literally, gone to shit. 

But who knew he'd be the one responsible?

*****

r/AlannaWu