I sat up screaming, clutching madly at my chest. I drew breath after ragged breath, my hands fluttering up and down my torso. Where was the hole? Come to think of it, where was the sword?

I looked at the ground around me, but the offending weapon was nowhere to be found. Neither was the sand, or the blood, or the arena. In fact, there was nothing around me. Nothing but black darkness, at least. But then how could I see myself?

"Are ya done screaming, kid?" rasped a voice from behind me. I spun around, awkwardly shuffling on the ground. There was an old man sitting on a simple wooden chair a short distance away, calmly stuffing tobacco into the bowl of his pipe. He was thin- too thin- with parchment skin pulled too tightly across sharp cheekbones and knobby hands. Dark eyes glittered in deep sockets, considering his small pouch of leaf as he carefully folded it into the roughspun fabric of his tunic. He, too, was somehow illuminated in this black landscape. Smoke began curling out of the end of his pipe with no apparent effort, and he looked up, considering me.

We sat in silence there, for a moment; me catching my breath, and the old man puffing on his pipe. He seemed content to wait. 

"uuuhhhh... where are we?" I asked. "What happened to the arena?"

The old man considered this for a moment. "The arena is right where you left it, and in a way you are still there." He tapped his pipe with a finger and shrugged. "And also not there. It's difficult to explain to a mortal."

"What do you mean?" I asked, though I felt a solid ball of dread building in my gut.

"You are near death, Adam. About two seconds ago, your older brother Viggo shoved a sword into your chest. This--" he waved a hand, gesturing at the blackness "-- is an in-between place, before you pass on."

He settled into his chair once again and took another pull on his pipe. I stared at him. "I'm... dead," I said flatly.

The old man shrugged his shoulders and tilted his head from side to side. "Close enough. Only reason we can talk."

I frowned. "Then you're..."

"Death, yes. And, your patron." His eyes glittered as they looked at me, weighing my reaction to his words.

"But, I don't have a patron!" I said. "No gods responded to my petitions!"

"That's because I claimed you, boy," he spat around his pipe. "And the only reason you have not passed to whatever pitiful afterlife you expected."

I frowned at him. "Then why didn't you say anything? Why did you let me believe that I was not chosen?"

"Because there are Rules, and I had to wait until you approached this place in order to speak to you." He nearly growled out those words. He jabbed the stem of his pipe at my chest. "And with your help, that is going to change."

I looked at him, agape. "What?"

"Are you deaf, boy? You are my champion in this fight. Through you, we'll be able to make some changes up there." He punctuated his sentence with several more thrusts of his pipe. "We'll see proper worship of me, for one thing. None of this Hades crap, the guy is a squatter." 

I blinked several times. "But you just said that I died with a sword through my chest! How the hell is that going to help us put me on the throne? Huh? I'M DEAD."

The old man simply cocked an eyebrow at me. I replayed my words in my head for a moment, and considered who I was talking to. "Oh." 

He nodded once, firmly. "My boon to you is this, kid: I will ensure that you and I do not see each other again today. Now go send a few people to my door." With that, the old man reached down, and pressed sharply on my forehead, sending me tumbling backwards.

I landed on sand, and looked with amazement at the sword shoved through my chest. My heart, I realized, wasn't beating. And I could feel a tightness where the sword pinned me to the arena floor, but otherwise no pain or discomfort. Viggo's eyes still glowed red with the might of Ares, but when I met his gaze they flicked with a touch of uncertainty. 

"Brother," I coughed around a mouthful of blood, "There's an old man I would like you to meet." With that I raised my sword, and rejoined the battle.