The angel sighed and rubbed its nose in annoyance. Gladriel pushed its glasses back into place and focused on the human before it. Ofcourse, it wasn't "really" an angel, and had no real need for glasses (or noses or eyes for that matter). But when dealing with corporeal beings, Arbiters must necessarily assume the forms and expressions most familiar to the consciousness being salvaged. This particular consciousness, however, was seemingly very fixed on resisting salvation.

"This really must be a misunderstanding, I don't think you understand what I'm telling you. I don't want to go to heaven, I don't want to be sa-" the adamant human rambled on, before being interrupted by the angel before him.

"No, no, no, I assure you Mister...", the angel took a moment to glance over at the paperwork to make sure they had the name correct, trying (and somewhat failing) to keep a visible cringe from appearing on their incredibly nondescript incorporeal face, "... Sinistris... There has been no mistake. You are dead, your soul is pure, and you have been deemed worthy for salvation by the greater forces of the omniverse." Galadriel shrugged and laid a few pieces of paperwork onto a desk which they suddenly felt was appropriate to exist. "This is a slam-dunk win for you, man. I don't think you quite understand how lucky you are - this is, like, absolute fast-track stuff on your life report right here."

The human grumbled indignantly, adding, "Yeah, a fast track to Hell!" He began to be very agitated, arising from his chair, "You really must have this all wrong - I'm a Satanist, for Christ's sake! I have not, now or ever, led my life in search of the eternal reward of an afterlife! I scorn your heaven and your god! I stand here, a naked soul before the judge of god and I firmly denounce the teachings of Christ and of the light, and I demand to be sent to my comrades in Hell!" He smiled and crossed his arms triumphantly, assured that his point was made.

Galadriel gave a patronizing smile and slapped the desk, "Yes, that right there! That's why you get into heaven! That go-get-em attitude is precisely what we're looking for in a soul for salvation! Satanism, great, gotcha, everybody's gonna love it." They slid a sheet of paperwork across the desk, "Now if you'll just sign here, we can get the ball rolling on getting you an even *better* gig than the lifetime you had on earth..."

Sinistris furrowed his brows in confusion, looking between the sheet of paper and the incorporeal entity, which somehow managed to wear a suit and tie despite having no definite shape. He opened his mouth for a moment, but then closed it, struggling to process the information being presented to him.

The angel shrugged. "I don't know what else to tell you, man. You lived a good life. You didn't drink the fizzy lifting drink, and you didn't steal the gobstopper, so you get the chocolate factory. You played by the rules, and you played well, so I'm here to tell you, you won, here's your prize." They slouched back into a chair which suddenly began to exist and gestured towards the papers on the desk. "It's all there, in black and white, you did all the right things, so you get the good ending."

"I- I was - I *am* a Satanist!" the man sputtered in protest.

"Yeah. I know. Got that memo sometime in the past eternity which was spent pondering the worth of your existence. And boy, lemme tell you, that was a long eternity." They grumbled and muttered under their breath, ".... Had you figured out in under an aeon, and they still made me ponder the nature of your life for the whole eternity, strict bastards... " It shook its head and recomposed itself. "Okay, listen, I don't think you quite get where we're coming from. We don't really care that you are a Satanist. I mean, hell, if anything, that's points for you, not against. All we care about is the fact that you had good values and you stuck to them."

".....I want to speak to Satan."

"Come on- no- listen, that's not going to-", the angel struggled to communicate in its exasperation. "I mean, come on, dude, you gave monthly donations to no-kill animal shelters and children's hospitals! "

The human bristled with offense, "I made those donations each month with the most sinister of intent! The unrestrained will and emotion of animals and small children is held absolutely sacred in the eyes of Satan! Speaking of which, I wish to speak with him, right now!" 

"Yeah, yeah, I get it, I seriously do... spent an eternity getting it.... but seriously, all that's just points in the plus column. We don't care. Make the donations in the name of Moloch the burner of souls, it doesn't matter. You raised three beautiful, healthy children as a single parent. You were an environmental activist. You saved a puppy from near-death, nursed it back to health, gave it a forever-home, filled with love and adventure, and you literally cried for days when the damn thing - "

"You leave Goldilocks out of this!", the human interrupted angrily, his voice then faltering with sadness, "... She doesn't deserve to be talked about like that..." Sinistris recomposed himself and continued, "Just bring me to Satan, and I can sort this all out. Please."

Galadriel scowled and pushed itself back into its chair. "Fine. Okay. You wanna play that way? Let's do it. You already know how this turns out, you little shit. I've read your profile, remember." Grimacing and rising from its chair, the angel banishes the desk and the room around them into nothingness. "You want me to schlep all the way down there and show you what's there, then come on, let's go."