"24 Toy cars, 16 Barbie Dolls, 3 LEGO Star Wars ships, 4 Teddy Bears and 1 Premium fidget spinner. That should about cover the A-Shelter." said Santa as he looked at all the improvised gifts he had laying in front of him. The LEGO Star Wars ships were scraped together using pieced from various different LEGO products he was able to find left over in his workshop. Their wings having different colors to the rest of the ship and the pilots being mixtures of characters from Batman and Harry Potter. 

Santa may be immortal. But his little helpers were not. And without them, there wasnt enough magic or workforce to create any new toys. So all year Santa would gather what resources he could from around the World to make Gifts that would put smiles on the Kids faces. Sadly this got more and more difficult with time, as resources became more and more scarce. However, getting the toys for the A-Shelter was the least difficult part of his job at this point. It was the C Shelter that gave Santa sleepless nights. 

When the World descended into full out nuclear war, it was the rich that were able to secure themselves a spot in the High end luxury shelter while the middle class barely managed to get themselves spots in the selective B shelter, that favored those with an education and abilities to rebuild the World when the need arises. 

Their list consisted of 8 empty Notebooks, 8 packs of pencils and 14 educational books of different varieties. In the B-shelter the only hope to move up in the Internal Hierarchy was through educational achievements so every kids focus was to become successful in a respective field from the very beginning. 

The poor had it the hardest. You could argue that those that made it into the makeshift C shelter that was built entirely by the parents of those who know live there were the lucky ones compared to all those who died, but in reality their struggle to survive is s daily one, and life in the C shelters can barely be called that. 

Infant mortality was so high in the C shelter that only a handful of children were even still alive. And those that were wished for '2 blankets, 3 bottles of clean water, 4 loafs of bread and a child wishing for a father'

Reading the list for the C shelter was what broke Santa's heart every year. Not only because he never thought he would have to read children asking for basic necessities but also because these wishes were actually the hardest to fulfill. The water was polluted and the only places were bread was available was in the A and B shelters. 

This meant for Santa to get the gifts needed he had to do one thing he was expressly forbidden from doing. Steal. Putting himself on his own naughty list. Draining his own life-force, for if Santa is in the naughty list, he loses part of his powers. Year after year he had to resort to various different Sins that took a heavy toll on his body. He knew it wouldn't be long before he too would be mortal. But he didn't care. It was the children that were important to him. Their smiles gave him a feeling that meant more to him than life itself. 

"I better get going. Take care of the place for me while I'm gone Rudolph old buddy." he said to a red nose that lay on the center of his table. It blinked twice and went dark again. Santa walked out of his house and loaded all the gifts in his car. His back aching from all the hard labor he had to do with his magical powers fading together with what remained of his strength. 

It was a 3 hour drive to the A-Shelter and on his way he listened to songs like 'Last Christmas' and 'Jingle Bells', songs that were always played at the Christmas household during high season. Reminiscing of the old times, Santa shed a single tear and immediately whipped it away. 

"Not today you old fool. Today you gotta be strong for the kids." 

And with those words he forced a smile onto his face. A smile that did nothing to hide the truth. 

Once he got to the A-Shelter the way in was easy. There was an express father Christmas entrance that allowed him to slip through the chimney and right into the living quarters. As he got in he started putting the gifts under the respective Christmas trees. In the A-Shelter the Christmas trees were actual trees, grown in the underground greenhouse. After having distributed all the gifts, Santa went into the kitchen and the supply room to gather what supplies he needed for the C shelter. As he was walking out he realized "I have nothing to give to the fatherless child. Nor do I have anything to say to her that may soothe her pain." 

In a moment of rash judgement Santa decided to do something that was even worse than simply stealing. Refusing a child that wasn't naughty a gift. He went back to one of the Christmas trees and grabbed a Teddy Bear. The moment he took the Bear, a patch of hair from his big white beard fell off. He knew exactly what this meant. But it didn't phase him anymore. 

Quickly Santa ran out and made his deliveries to the B shelter, where all the Christmas trees were made of plastic. On his way there his beard hair lost even more hair, leaving only a few patches of what was once his iconic Santa Beard. His hair was turning from its usual snow white color to a dark Grey tone. He didn't know how much time he had left. He just knew he had to hurry. 

When he reached the C-Shelter all he heard were people crying and all he saw were people to frail to move sitting with their faces covered. One of the children he was meant to gift has died only moments ago. Santa could not hold back the tears any longer. 

*knock knock knock* 

Santa jumped in his seat, startled by the sudden knock on his car window. When he looked out a little girl was looking up at him. 

"Why are you sad?" she asked him.

"I'm not..." he said while whipping his tears away "..not sad"

"Are you Santa?" she asked him with her glossy puppy eyes. 

Hesitantly he replied "Yes... Yes I am whats your name little one?" 

"I'm Carol... Did you bring me a gift Santa?" she said in her sweet innocent voice.

he turned to his right and grabbed the Teddy from the seat next to him giving it to her.

She looked at it and tears came to her eyes. " But I didn't want a Teddy Bear. I just wanted a daddy!" 

He looked at her. This helpless little girl. It was the first time he could not bring a smile to a kids face. He felt a feeling of pain he has never felt before. Stepping out the car he went down to his knees, looked her in the eyes and said "That's why I'm here. From now on I'll be your father. I'll take care of you little one." 

And with those words she fell into his arms and the last of his beard fell of while his entire hair turned completely grey. He stood up, took her hand and together with the rest of the gifts they walk towards the C-Shelter and by the time they reached its Gates, Santa had no more memory of ever being Father Christmas. When he walked in, all he ever was was Claus. 

Back at Santa's home, Rudolphs red nose flickered one last time before it went dark forever. 