Opening my eyes, I couldn't see at all. I was blind. "Good morning, Sophia." The pod resounded from the internal speakers. I tried to raise my arms, but they wouldn't move properly. My body was still stiff and cold from the Cryosleep. Breathing deeply, I clenched my hands and tried to wriggle. I began to gradually regain my senses. Feeling the cold steel plate burning my back I knew I had to move before it put me back to sleep. Wriggling my body from the discomfort, I felt stimulants and hot blood surge through my body. 'The Cryopod's still working' I thought. Within minutes I was wired. Never in my life had I been this high. 'Crap, it's working too well' I thought. 'The supply limiter must be broken'. The Techs back on earth warned me about the risks of cryo-sleeping for longer than six months, but it was my only hope of surviving. Trying to wake up properly, I breathed deeply. I could feel my chest burning, but I didn't know why. 'How long had it been since I went to sleep?'. Overpowering my weakened senses. The smell of the pod grew in intensity. The rancid scent of mould reminded me of when we found out our beef rations were out of date. Taking out a cloth from my pants, I covered my mouth. I could still feel the cold steel on my back. Starting to panic, I instinctively raised my arm and felt the glass shield inches from my face. The drugs were making me agile. I could feel my heart thumping in my chest. However, I couldn't tell if it was from the stimulants, the anxiety or a dangerous combination of both. Leaning forward, my internal senses suddenly lurched into existence. Breathing deeply, I felt the worst bout of nausea take over my body. My stomach was full of fluid. My panicked state forced me to look for an exit. 'I don't care if I'll die, just let me out!' I thought to myself. Reaching my right arm forward, I found the quick release latch and fell abruptly forward. Ripping out the drip, I pushed myself off of the course Martian sand. Then, I violently released the contents of my stomach. Even though my mind was wired, my body felt weak. I was tired. It baffled me how sleeping for four years could make you want to take a nap. Rolling onto my back, I steadied my breathing and attempted to focus my eyes. 'Ten minutes and I should pass out without a respirator' I thought solemnly. I decided the best way to spend my last moments were to remember my happiest memories. Flashing before me, I remembered when my dad taught me to swim before he died, when I met my best friends and lastly when I met my Husband, Cole. Remembering their faces gave me new motivation. I have to live, for his sake. For the survival of Humanity, I have to live! Feeling the stimulants course through me, I remembered why my chest was burning. Cryosleep was essentially a hyper-advanced morgue. Killing me instantly, the pod stored all relevant data from my brain then froze my body. After the set time, it would defrost my body then the machine would get my heart working through a series of high current electric shocks. Lastly, it would Implant my memories using atomically pin-pointed electric shocks or what Cole used to call, my 'soul'. My vision returning slowly, I blinked the tears out of my eyes. Rubbing them gently, I wept for my lost friends. 'Jack, Emma and Cole. They're all dead. I knew the odds of success were low, but I thought we could do it'. Opening my eyes, I looked up at the sky. However, it was nowhere to be found. The roof was composed entirely of rock. The cavern was flat and unnaturally smooth. Dotted with fluorescent plants, they provided enough pale blue light to see. Looking around, I decided I need to move if I wanted to live. Using the wall as support, I stood up for the first time in years. "How the hell did I end up in a cave?" I mumbled. "I swear I was on the surface when I put myself under?". Looking at the pod, the external case was extremely rusted. Wiping some dust off the glass screen, a thick layer coated my hand, and some of the shell turned to dust when it fell to the floor. 