You could do just about anything you wanted in Hell, and of course that included spying on Heaven.

It was one of the easy ways to spot the newcomers.  It got boring pretty quickly.

Jeff had decided to take a shift as a volunteer, helping with the orientation of newcomers who took a peek at Heaven.

"I don't get it, are they on drugs?"  Anna wondered.

"Not drugs exactly, Jeff explained, but that's not a bad analogy."

"But why?"  Anna asked.  "Shouldn't they be themselves?  Their best selves?"

"It wouldn't work," explained Jeff.  "Just think about it.  A woman dies and her husband of 50 years isn't in Heaven because of a technicality.  Could she really be happy?  A child makes it to heaven, but not a single relative does.  And even forgetting the family, that child will never grow up, never get bigger or stronger.  Never mature physically or mentally.  Could you really be blissful in that situation?  And what about a man whose wife died at 30 who then happily remarried.  Could the husband and his two previous wives really be happy if they were themselves?  Keep in mind that the god is pretty strict about polygamy, so presumably the husband would have to abandon one of his wives."

"So what, being drugged is the answer?  So they don't have to think about it?"  Anna was still skeptical, but what Jeff had said made a lot of sense.

"Well, it's not really drugged, it's just... Well, the closest explanation we have is something equivalent to brain damage where the pleasure centers of your brain are constantly firing.  You don't care that your loved ones aren't there because you're just so happy.  You and your grandmother being the same age as your daughter doesn't bother you because you're just so happy.  You don't care that there are no more challenges to overcome, that there's no possibility of failure, that everyone's a winner and there's no second place because you're always happy."  

"Then, what about Hell?"  Anna asked, "I guess there are no pitchforks?"

"Ha, nope!"  said Jeff.  "Here, let me show you around..."
