The first time waking up in your new body is a headfuck. You will never get over it, even though you're in your seventh life cycle. 

You check your room, trying to put off the grief that's settling in the back of your head. You would think you've gotten over personal attachments at this stage. From your third cycle you made it your mission to not have kids, to not get married, to hate your family. 

It never works. 

Your room is a muted pink. A tablet sits at your bedside. You're a girl this time around and you can make a guess that the timeline is in the 2000s. That's good. It's similar to your first cycle. The familiarity puts you at ease ever so slightly. 

A quick check of your skin tone. Asian. You can only hope that you don't need to learn a new language. In your forth cycle, you were taken in by an Indian family.  When you finally caught up and were decent at the language, their surprise that their child totally forgot how to talk was a hot topic at every social gathering. 

You lean over to check the tablet. Why a five year old needs one of these is beyond you, but you're not going to throw away a golden opportunity to give you some insight on who you are right now. 

The language is in English and you breathe out a sigh of relief. A quick glance of the date proves to you that it is indeed the 2000s. 2018 to be exact. That's nicer than the 1600s for sure. 

The maps app tells you more. You're in Florida. You let out a groan. God, you hate the heat. You moved out here in your first cycle, before you knew you were immortal. For your then girlfriend, was wife. Ironically, she was Vietnamese. You're no longer enjoying the familiarity this cycle is bringing. 

Your eyes are stinging. 

You shake your head, putting the tablet down. You start looking for drawings, scribblings, anything that might hold your new name. 

You're hit with a wave of nausea when you find your name. 'Suzy,' the name of your first wife. 

You let out a huff of breath, checking out the date yet again. You always come back dead on at five, the exact time of birth. It is the third of April. It is your birthday. It is your wife's birthday. You drop the paper and resist the urge to scream. 

