The lock began to loosen against my grip as I tightened and aimed the hair pin at the pins of the lock itself, in a few seconds I would unlock myself and be free from my alien captivity. "You know if you wanna escape you're doing it all wrong my amigo." The voice startled my briefly yet seemed fairly familiar. I look around to find a chubby man with a wispy beard and an acoustic guitar looking me straight in the eye as if watching my every move. Jack Black. "How in the name of Odin did you make it here?"
He lifted his box of wrenches and tools to my vision, "well it takes some special handy work to figure it out but nothing can escape my amazing skill." His stance was calm and joyful even in the face of this dire threat. "Come help me then hurry," I was screaming at him  now. "Oh no, that is not why I came here, I came for their famous jalapeno chips with extra cheese. Take a whiff of this doesn't this smell tasty as anything you've ever had." The pungent odour struck me hard and I almost collapsed to my feet from its horrid stench. 
     You see the cliche and generic plot of every alien attack movie has occurred. No one saw it coming but we, yes, have been attacked by aliens. Oh and they carry no hidden motives or anything they're just here for our petrol just like everyone else. Great. 
   'Don't just stand there help you you imbecile'
'The aliens totally suck motherfucker ain't there nothing I can do about it'
No use. I went back to lock picking. He swung his guitar around and started struming a few chords. "My friend, in a prison of steel and glass, the aliens will come and probe your ass, prepare your anus for accurate observation unless you escape in your great retaliation"
ugh I wish he would be quiet and just let me work. 
"Have some of my nachos they'll give you the strength of the devil"
Please leave me alone.
Suddenly, an alarm rings and whole room goes from well lit to intermittent flashing red lights. They must have figured out my escape, I was in deep shit. Jack jumped up from the floor and looked my straight in the eye, for once I get a straight look and I could see the burning fire inside him. "Fear not my tight compadre, together we shall take down the horde." You fool we're gonna die. A distinct silhouette pops up in the distance, it was definitely un-human. I started to panic but jack stood still, aimed his guitar and played a power chord. Lightning emerged from the top and shot rapidly at the goblin with a light so bright I had to shield my eyes for. The ground shook and its screaming was heard, an orange fire light up and the alien exploded leaving behind bits and pieces of his flesh. He had red blood like us so I figured it must come from an oxygen-rich planet. "Nothing can stop us when we are armed with the power of rock and roll," he talked in a loud crescendo pattern that always ended up with him giving a small headbang making his neck-long hair flail around his rather large head, "the gods of rock have blessed and placed before me this weapon of steel and pine wood, it is our duty to save humanity." He sang a high note and all the prison cells opened letting everyone out in a loud raging panic crowd formation. He sat on his guitar and started flying around, placed me behind him, and we flew out of there. "You too can became a legend if only you believed in yourself, help me take down these fowl creatures." Another guitar shows up between my arms. I was ready. We find ourselves confronting a large alien carrying a guitar with red flames all around. This was our destiny. We were gonna make history as the best protectors of Earth there ever was, and my friend, we sure did.