John turned onto fifth street absentmindedly with C.J. by his side, continuing his lecture on the importance of car maintenance.  But john had tuned this out after they had walked the first block.

"Every one-thousand miles." C.J. continues. "you can even do it every three to four months!" 

John just nodded at this point. "yup". There no point trying to talk to him when he's like this, John thought to himself, as he adjusted a case of beer under his arm. 

"So tell me, why is it that we were in high-school the last time that car had an oil change John?" "Highschool!"

They rounded the next corner and stopped in front of an old Apartment building that could have been condemned if John hadn't known better. He traced his fingers down a row of buttons that framed the right side of the gated entrance before pressing ninth one down. "Because I know you'll get me another one." John boasted with a smile. 

There was a long bzzzz and a snap of metal on metal as the security door unlocked. "besides, if there's anything we've learned today, it's that you are not a fan of walking."

John and C.J. headed up a single flight of stairs before walking to the end of their hallway. They walked passed a dark skinned elderly man who had set up a chair outside so he could visit with the neighbors and children that came by, and play his acoustic guitar for anybody who would want to listen. And today he was playing a particularly soulful melody that had most of the tenants leaving their doors open. 

C.J. pulled a single beer out of our ten pack and placed it next to the man's chair. "When are you going to teach me how play the guitar like that Mr. Whithers?"

"I can start right now," the old man's hands gracefully swept across the neck of the guitar before returning to a heartbeat of a rhythm on lowest strings. "lesson one, buy your own damn guitar." he smiled and traded his guitar for the beer that was by his feet. "But seriously, come by later tonight and I can show you a thing or two." 

"oh, the women upstairs are gonna love this!" "Thank you Mr. Whithers." 

Whithers tossed an empty beer can through his open front door and started back at is guitar, "of course. now get out of here and let me try to score some tail of my own." The old man gave us a wink and urged us to move on while picking up where he had left off on the song. 

"I love that old man," said C.J. as they finally made it to their apartment. "He's been a father to more of us than you'll ever know john ."

&#x200B;

The apartment was a small and beaten up. Their were five people that lived in there, which made the two bedroom apartment just a little more cramped than what it was designed for. Two other men, André and Alex sat on the denim blue couch playing the new NFL game fighting over the controller, while Julia burned a pot of Spaghetti on the kitchen stove. John immediately gave her a beer, a kiss and a pinch. "Sorry about the wait, babe." "Were the kids ok while I was gone?" 

Julia's eyes darted to the two men in their early twenties who had been playing video games for the past hour. "They could have been worse." what took you so long?"

"C.J. broke the car." 

C.j. shot up a finger in John's direction with out taking his eyes off of the comical version of football on the screen.

Julia tightened her jaw and walked back to the overdone spaghetti and harshly threw the noodles on to five different plates. "how am I supposed to get to the club tomorrow?"

"you'll have to take the bus their. I'll be able to pick you up after your shift though." john said while picking up two plates and balancing a third on his arm. Julia grabbed the other too as they walked into the living room and passed them around.

"you Promise?" said Julia, finding her seat on the seaweed colored love seat and pulling John next to her.

C.j. jumped in "We've been keeping my Uncle's shop very busy. I"m sure he'll let us borrow a car for a day or two."

John didn't think that Julia looked very convinced, but she dropped the matter so they could eat dinner. But afterwords she had convinced C.J. to go see his uncle before the morning. John had always said that she wouldn't do that if he was walk all over him if he would help out with the bills a little more. 

&#x200B;

That night they stayed up later than usual, since they had the room to themselves for the first time in a while. 

"when are we going to get our own place, baby?" Julia asked as she played with the small amount of hair protruding from John's chin. "I like your friends in all, but we need a little privacy every once in a while." "don't you think?"

"I've gotta stay with these guys for a bit. There the only reason I have any money coming in right now."

Julia wrapped the blanket around her and sat up. "But you don't even want to be doing this any more! You're going to get locked up one of these days."

"I'll be out before that happens." John grabbed her hand and kissed it. " I promise.

John didn't notice his phone ringing at this pointt. He was comforting his fiancé, and that was all that was important that night. 

&#x200B;

The next morning he awoke to the sound of some one slamming their fist on the front door. John quickly got dressed and walked into the living room at the same time as André and Alex. Alex was the first one to the door and was was greeted by Mr. Whithers on the other side. "Turn on the news boys."

Every one exchanged looks and turned back to the old man who was still in his Pajamas. he posted to John. "John, the news!"

John quickly grabbed the remote and turned on the local news channel. 

"Man killed in car wreck after high speed chase"  displayed on the bottom of the banner. 

"C.J. never came by last night. He always shows when I ask him to." said Mr. Whithers.

C.J.'s photo popped up on the right side of the screen. John remembered it from high school, when he used to wear those goofy glasses.

Mr. Whithers slapped André across the face. the closest person to where he was standing. "You were supposed to be getting him out of that life!" he paused. "now I've watched that entire family go and kill themselves." 

John reached to put a hand on the old man's shoulder but was met with a slap across his face. The old man stormed out. He didn't want to cry, John had thought. 

John turned to look at Julia, who was almost in tears her self standing in the bedroom doorway. She helming his Cellphone in his hand. There were five missed calls.