Tom walked down a grimy NYC alleyway, lights flickering, dimly lighting up the trash bins in the background. The smell of booze lingered in the air, the slightly sour aroma making him wrinkle his nose. He absentmindedly scratched his crotch with his left hand, holding a Thomas the train mouse in his right. In the dim light, he was barely able to spot a trashy looking young woman, looking slightly agitated, looking around for a particular someone. Her eyes bulged out of her sockets, red veins staining her eyes. He had met this particular woman before, just before freshman year in college. He had snuck down in this lobby, paying her in crack for a little fun, a little something to replace... playing with himself. Everyone had bullied him for that. 

He cracked a small grin. Everyone would experience his pain, his mild discomfort and itching in his pubic hair. Everyone would bow under his 17 katanas and body pillows. He would finally rule the world. He clicked the right button on his small Thomas the train mouse, the button creaking a little. A tab popped up, showcasing the different options. He highlighted the hooker’s crabs, copying it into one of his files. 

The next day he came to school, still smiling, lunchtime about to start. As usual, he sat alone, with only himself and his two cardboard waifus to accompany him. He climbed onto the table, proclaiming his dominance, and rapidly clicked his mouse, dragging that file onto the other students. Some looked bewildered, but most were used to his kind of weebishness. Soon, they would all pay. He ran out of the school, laughing maniacally all the way home and into his mother’s basement.

Months passed, and no news of something-anything really was spread. One day he asked a student about it, a particularly young looking male. “Hey buddy, feeling anything down there yet? Any mild discomfort, with something growing fast and living?” He licked his lips in anticipation. Needless to say the boy and his pals beat him up. 
He began to notice many signs that nothing happened. Maybe the hooker didn’t have crabs. It might’ve been that dead crab he fucked.