“knock, knock.” I heard as I was breading some chicken for our dinner tonight. 

“Who could be knocking on the door at this hour,” I thought to myself. 

“Are you expecting someone tonight, honey?” I asked my husband, who was preparing dinner right next to me at the counter. 

“Nope, not that I know of.” He answered me. 

I quickly washed off the breadcrumbs from my fingers, and rushed to the door to see who was there. 

After opening the door, I was met with a police officer who had a sad look on his face. Rain was pouring around him. It was dropping of his hat making him look like he was crying. The next words that came out of his mouth crushed my heart and caused me to fall to the floor. 

“I’m sorry ma’am, but your husband died tonight.” He said. 

“What?” I asked. I can’t be hearing him correctly. 

“Your husband died less than an hour ago. I’m terribly sorry.” He said. 

“No, no, noooo!” I screamed, sobbing on the floor. 

“This can’t be…Officer you must have it wrong. My husband was just with me in the kitchen making chicken cutlets, his favorite dinner.” I said, trying to make sense of the situation. 

“I am terribly sorry, but your husband got into a bad car accident due to the weather, and was thrown through the windshield of his car,” The police officer said. 

My hands began to tremble. Am I going crazy? I thought to myself. We were just making dinner together less than five minutes ago.

I quickly turned around to rush to the kitchen to show the officer that my husband was indeed in the kitchen making chicken cutlets, but when I got into the kitchen it was empty. 

“Honey? Honey where are you?” I yelled. When there was no answer, I began rushing around the whole house, knocking things over trying to find any sign of my husband. I went into our bedroom to see if he was in there but it was empty. I tried the bathroom downstairs by the kitchen too, but he was nowhere to be found. 

“Ma’am I’m sorry, but your husband is not here. He was killed in a car accident. I told you this already. Maybe you should sit and try to calm yourself down a little bit. Let me get you a glass of water,” He said, trying to make me feel better. 

Nothing was working. I needed to see my husband. I needed to know he was okay. I got up from the coach and started to walk up the stairs towards my bedroom. I needed to check in there one more time to see if he was there. As I was walking up the stairs, I tripped on a step and began to fall. I tried to catch myself on the banister but reached too far and flipped over it falling far and long to the floor. Bracing myself, I could help but scream at the top of my lungs. Just as I was about to hit the floor I jolted awake profusely sweating. A hand was on my shoulder, shaking me awake. My eyes went from the hand all the way up the arm trying to see who it belonged to. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust, but I was soon met with worried eyes, and they belonged to my husband. 

“Honey, it was only a dream. You are going to be okay,” he said, rubbing my back. 

“You’re alive!” I yelled. 

“Yes, I’m here. Always.” He said. And with that we both fell asleep, wrapped in each other’s arms. 
