"Explain yourself."

"What?"

"What in the hell do you think you're doing?"

I look to the rake, which I'm brandishing like some sort of medieval weapon, then back to you, and my lips suddenly purse and pull to one side of my mouth. "Oh. Yes." I let the rake lower slightly. "I suppose this *is* rather awkward."

You take out your phone and begin fiddling with it. "That's one way to put it. I'm calling the cops."

I suddenly lurch toward you. "No! Please!" I plead, looking to the garden implement in my hands with an expression of guilt. "I know it's not the best...  GET DOWN!"

Suddenly everything goes dark. There's something, scratchy, dry, and vaguely musty smelling covering your entire body. It wraps around your arms and legs, smothering your face. The phone falls from your hand. "You stupid bitch! What the fuck?" You begin to shout. Then you realize it.  Leaves. You're absolutely covered in leaves. Dry, prickly edges scratch at your skin. Bitter, dirty leaves seem to insinuate themselves into your mouth and nostrils every time you try to take a breath.  You flail around helplessly, unable to draw enough of a breath to cry out again. The pounding of your heart fills your ears.

Only it isn't your heart. Dull, muffled, thuds seem to get a little louder with each passing second. You begin to realize that you can hear me screaming in time with the sounds. Then, through the chaos of sensation of leaves seeming to press inward on you from all sides, you begin to realize I'm beating at the pile with the rake, trying to get them off you. "Run! Into the wind! It's your only chance!" 

I'm still swinging furiously as you struggle to your feet and take off in a sprint into the breeze weaving between the buildings of the complex. It isn't much of a wind, but it's enough. Your face clears. You heave in a breath, finally, as the leaves seem to peel away from you, and slink away in a roiling, living mass. I'm chasing them with the rake. They disappear behind the hedges lining building 12.

"What... the...(cough)" You begin to sputter.

"Leaf golem. They can shapeshift. I knew it was one of the cars. Like I was saying, I know this weapon isn't the most ideal. Why don't you see if you can find one of those old fashioned iron rakes, or maybe an adze or something? We've got work to do!"