The shadows of Nowruz flames danced on the curved metal wall. Or they appeared to, at least. It was the memory of holy fires, copied from the fire-capped temples of Ecbatana, and replicated in hologram. A real fire had no place on a space station, even one as large as *Constitutio VII*.

Quaestrix Yasmin Farrokhzad considered leaping over the bonfire, like she'd done as a girl back on Terra, but the lack of heat and smoke rendered the idea farcical. It'd be a pretend leap for a pretend fire. Instead, she smoothed her silk robes, dyed red for good fortune.

At least the wheatgrass was real, thick and green and alive in plastic pots all along the curved walls. The empire encouraged Nowruz in the big stations, made it for everyone, the Zoroastrian holiday embraced by spacefaring Hindus, Christians, worshippers of the Feathered Serpent, and even the followers of the Pantheon. More green meant more air, and hydroponics rendered them simple to grow.

The door to Yasmin's office chimed, and she acknowledged the visitor by opening it with the press of a button. Li Shen stood there, his broad face calm and impassive. He bowed and extended his right arm in the Roman salute. The first gesture acknowledged her civilian authority, and the second (presented in bowed position) her military experience.

Yasmin did not shy away from presenting her victories. She'd flown a dozen combat missions in the Beta Lyrae campaign (even now, the Empire loved its Greek names) against the Sempronii Rebellion, and had earned her position through her own blood. 

Screams echoed in memory—her wing commander Marcus cooking alive in his cockpit as his reactor overheated, his terrified last minutes broadcast over the frequency as he tried to give orders with a melted tongue. The taste of rebreathed air in her mouth, sweat cooling beneath the heavy suit. Her comrades set alight and scattered among the stars, one after another until she flew alone, screaming in her native Parsi as her fighter plummeted toward the Sempronii cruiser.

She'd fired the torpedoes, no longer expecting to survive. Enough to make her friends' deaths mean something. Light burned the darkness as the cruiser exploded, waves of heat and radiation pummeling her ship.

They'd had to regrow much of her body, fixing new flesh onto her desiccated form over the course of months. Healers told her she'd earned such care through her heroism. So too had she earned political power, her service guaranteeing her a place in imperial governance.

Everyone called her a hero. So she adorned her office with the emblems of the campaign and tried not to look at them when she worked.

"The office of the quaestrix acknowledges the august Li Shen," she said.

"This humble fellow is honored by your acceptance," Li Shen answered.

Yasmin tried to remember what she was supposed to say next. Etiquette sometimes confused her. She was older than him, and that gave her some leeway.

"And I receive your august wisdom with great—"

She shook her head.

"I apologize, Li Shen. These social rules still do not come naturally to me. As Herodotus said, we Parthians know only to ride, to draw the bow, and to tell the truth."

Which wasn't true at all. But you could get away with nearly anything if you justified it with a quote from a worthy Greek or Han. She knew Persian rules—and there were plenty—well enough. But growing up on the family estate north of Ecbatana was to grow up almost sealed off from the empire, as isolated as the mountaintop monasteries in Abyssinia or the older temple-cities in Medium Occidentalis.

"And I was a soldier," she added, "so I tend to be direct."

"This one has also served," Li Shen answered, straightening his posture. "Legio III Tau Ceti, though I never attained a rank beyond *decurio*. Forgive me—I've spent so much time among civilians that I've grown accustomed to civilian rules."

She relaxed a bit. "Legio III Tau Ceti. They fought in the Hive Wars. Did you take part?"

"I did," he answered. In moments he'd transformed, the once timid bureaucrat suddenly looking many fingers taller, his bowed shoulders pulled back as if on a triumphal parade. 

"A *decurio*. You piloted *colossi*."

He nodded. "The old Catoblepas models. They don't make them like those any longer." Li Shen smiled in the way only a soldier could, expressing the quiet joy of one who'd seen too many terrible things.

"Catoblepas? Those take a lot of skill." Four-legged *colossi* were exponentially more complicated, or so she'd heard.

"A lot of training. You can do anything with enough training."

"True. I flew in the Beta Lyrae Campaign. Mostly in a Bellerophon refit as a fighter-bomber."

"The avengers of the stars," he said, repeating the old marketing line for the model.

"A flying coffin made of the latest space age alloys," she said, and they both laughed.

"I do know that etiquette demands tea—but I suspect you'd prefer wine," she said.

"Absolutely. And thank you."

She commanded the automata to serve wine. Minutes later, they brought two broad cups brimming with a red Georgian vintage. Li Shen took a sip, his eyes widening.

"This is a lot stronger than what they served us in the legion," he said.

She smiled. "We Parthians don't water down our wine in the Roman way. Greek way, actually. Alexander and Sleucus tried to make us follow suit, but we resisted that. Some of us still do."

"A testament to the wisdom of your people. Most of the rice wine they serve back on Terra is watered down, and I can't say I care for it. Rice wine doesn't have as strong a taste as grape wine, so the water really fouls it up. One time, a few friends and I snuck over to some old village in Hunan province just to get the real thing served in the proper Han way. I don't remember much of the night, but I'm reasonably sure we had a good time."

"That must have been fun. Such escapades were never really an option for me. The legion offered my only escape."

The only escape from the long shadows of melancholy junipers and the thick jasmine scent, of her mother's heavy eyes and dark tongue.

She chose not to dwell on it. "If you don't mind my asking, why did you settle for civil service? You've earned your citizenship."

"My family did not approve of my patriotism," he said. "There is a saying where I am from—you don't use good iron to make nails, and you don't use good men to make soldiers. An ugly sentiment, but an understandable one if you consider the state of Qin prior to the unification.

"I came back to my family home on my knees—not easy, I assure you. My father took me back so long as I promised to study for the civil service exams. I did, and did well. So here I am."

"Your people invented the civil service exams, yes?" Yasmin asked.

"Invented it, and have tortured our children with it for over a thousand years," Li Shen said, offering a mocking smile when finished. 

Such exams had been adopted worldwide after the unification. It was simply easier and cleaner than the old system of patronage. In a few generations, nearly every upwardly mobile Roman youth knew the Analects by heart.

Yasmin and Li Shen spoke a while longer about their service years, the good and the bad that no one else could really understand. Yet they could not put off the real world indefinitely, and Li Shen finally broached the matter.

"I came to tell you that Governor Sullus wishes to make an example of the dissidents, as is his right. Yet he is insistent that they be punished via crucifixion. He tried to keep this quiet, since he knows it will stir up controversy. He is correct in this, which is why I am bringing this information to you."

Li Shen produced a paper from his pocket, the Latin refitted to Han characters with a few letters of the old alphabet to indicate tense, and handed it to Yasmin. As he said, it demanded crucifixion.

Which brought up problems. Half of the colony's population consisted of Armenian Christians, who'd not take lightly to an already unpopular governor inflicting such a punishment on a corsair who'd styled himself a champion of the people.

"If Sullus wants to be cruel, he could always try scaphism." 

"I'm not familiar with that punishment."

She shook her head. "I was joking. No, I think that a firing squad is sufficient. I will countermand the governor's order, and I thank you for bringing this to my attention."

"It is my honor to serve."

"Will you need protection?" Yasmin asked.

Li Shen shook his head. "Governor Sullus is barely literate, and knows little of what happens in the civil service. I assure you I am well protected by my fellows."

"Very well then."

Li Shen departed a few minutes later, leaving Yasmin alone in an office lit by an illusory flame. She decided she'd check up on Li Shen's office to ensure that Sullus sought no retribution. Only the most foolish governors dared challenge the bureaucracy, but Sullus was nothing if not a fool. Sullus had served, but never saw the face of war. Somehow, this had inspired an intemperate bloodlust within the man.

Sooner or later he'd slip up, but until then, it was best to be safe. And Yasmin would always be there for those like Li Shen who *had* been touched by Mars.