Works been strange lately. Wasn't always this way. Used to throw on my orange apron, walk up and down these aisles, restock some boxes of screws or paint brushes, get chewed out by my supervisor, and maybe help a customer or two. It was boring but I liked it that way.

But lately, something strange has been happening. As I do my work, a crowd follows me, watching everything I do and taking notes. First, it started with this one fellow. Now, I'm a pretty open minded guy - race doesn't matter a lick to me - but you don't see many hispanic guys named Angel in Hoover, Alabama. So he stuck out at first. Angel would follow me around the store with his phone out, taking pics and tweeting what I was doing. I thought it was strange, but he wasn't bothering me none so I didn't mind. Hell, maybe I'll go viral and get flown out to see Ellen. Karen (my wife) would like that.

After about a week, another person started following me as well - Maria. Then a few days later, another. Then another. Before I knew it, I had a crowd of ten or so Hispanic people, following me around work. It was bewildering! My supervisor (who didn't like me much to begin with) got mad and started yelling at me, like it was somehow my fault that I had a posse trailing me around the store. First, my supervisor tried kicking them out of the store, but that didn't work. They kept sneaking back in. Then he tried calling the police on them. That worked for a day or two, but then they came back in. My supervisor got the police chief on the phone to ask 'What the hell!?' but the police chief said that this goes up. *Way up*. Something about a senator and 'regime destabilization.' 

So now, that's where I'm at. I have my fan club, which is what I like to call them, following me around work everyday. They do their best to not get in the way, and sometimes even pitch in a hand if I'm restocking or cleaning something up. I once asked them what they were doing and they said something about being freedom fighters and something else about South American black markets. I'm not one for economics and politics, so I nodded my head genially and went back to price labeling our  outdoor furniture collection. 

I don't why me or why Home Depot. I don't know why my boring life had to get this way. But what I do know is this - Ellen is flying me and Karen out next week and my honey couldn't be happier - so thanks Angel!