Dear Father,



I have got to kill myself. Not suicide, don't think that. However, maybe it is a form of suicide? I mean, I will be killing myself, but not the me that's writing this. Let's take a breath, and a step back and I will explain.

This whole friggin mess started about three weeks ago. I am an agent of the FBI. A senior field agent. I work from an office that's not to be mentioned. Its classified. My entire career is classified information. The day I signed the contract to join the Instant response team, I became classified. 

We have one central office that has one hundred and fifty agents. The rest of the country has one office in each state, each with five I.T.P. units. An I.T.P. is an Instantaneous Transporter Pod. Its a wonderful device that scans your DNA, memories,and all. It then replicates you on the destination end, while destroying you in the entrance pod. Its simply an instant cloning device. However, since to quote the old movie, " There can be only one!" and  that means the original has to be destroyed. Its tough. Knowing that you will be murdered when the machine does its thing is...tough. What if it malfunctions, and you don't come out the other end..?

In the three weeks I have been a part of this team I have been cloned and murdered seventy times. Teleporting five or six times in a day, sometimes. Its an efficient means of dispatching agents without the cost and delay of the jet. However, nothing is perfect.

I stepped into the I.T.P. ready to be cloned and murdered. Its seamless. You walk in, the scanner comes on, the brain scan starts, then your eyes are filled with a super bright light. The next thing you know, you're at the destination hundreds or thousands of miles away.  However, this time felt different. Upon arriving, I felt weird. I told the doctors at the destination pod in Boca his I felt. They exchanged worried looks, and one stepped out to make a call.

The doctor that stayed, looked at me and asked me to close my eyes, and just try to imagine being in the entrance pod back in Detroit. I did. I could see myself walk in, then out of the pod. What? His did I come out of the same pod that I walked into? Hoe do I remember thus, when I was transported here?

It turns out, that I was still alive in Detroit. The agents there had thought the machine malfunctioned, and sent me home for rest, before a physical in the morning. The me in Boca could remember going home early. When I told the doctor that I still had memories of shit that I hadn't done, he told me that there couldn't be two of me. Its not safe. What if one of the me(s) goes dark side, and the other doesn't?

That's why I was ordered to transport back, to another pod, and kill the original me. I had to be the one to survive, because of the flux. I didn't quite understand what he meant by flux, but didn't care. I was going to be the first man to ever kill himself and not die. I could blow my head off with a shotgun, and be fine. I was a little excited to do this.

I stepped into a different entrance pod, they told it where to send me, and bam, I was in Detroit. I stepped out, and the doctors there made me wait while they checked with the doctors in Boca to see if I was gone there. I was. That machine worked perfectly. I went to the armory, grabbed an SMG, and went home.

I lifted the old motorcycle gas tank off if the work bench in my garage, the key was still hidden there. See, the pods will inky replicate human DNA, no clothes and nothing else.  I slowed my breathing, and snuck into my house. I closed my eyes, and could remember going to bed and falling asleep.

I crept into my bedroom and....

I seen the fucker come in. I didn't know who he was, but when I heard the door open, I grabbed the gun from under my pillow. When the bedroom door opened, I shot. Then about shit. I had just shit myself in the forehead. I mean, the dude that walked I to my room was me. He looked like me anyway...I gotta go, dad, I got a body to get rid of.