To be honest, it really wasn't so bad at first. Watching my life on TV? That didn't sound like the Hell I'd been told to fear all my life. My parents were the religious type, and I'd been raised to expect fire, brimstone, and just all around unpleasantness. With the amount of Netflix I'd watched when I was alive, this might not even be that different than living. 

The first few years were actually pretty enjoyable. I knew I'd had a happy childhood, but when you'd lived to the ripe old age of 94, the memories start to fade. Seeing everything again on that wall-sized HD screen brought a warm sense of nostalgia.

The receptionist outside my private viewing chamber had warned me to expect some commentary, and I'll admit I wasn't exactly looking forward to that part. New parents don't exactly have it easy, and I wasn't sure if I could take hearing my parents complain about me as if I was a burden. However, that's not how it worked. 

"It was hard at first, but you were the best thing that ever happened to us," my dad said from beside me. Startled, I glanced over and saw that he was sitting on the couch not three feet away.

"Dad?" I asked. Or, at least I tried to. No sound came out when I opened my mouth to speak. I guess in Hell, the whole commentary thing doesn't go both ways. 

"You were the cutest little turd shooter we ever laid eyes on!" I guess that would be Mom, trademark humor evidently not affected by the afterlife. She stood behind me and placed a gentle hand on my shoulder, eyes on the video playing on the TV. 

And so it went. The years went by on the screen, with everyone I'd ever interacted with or thought about gradually joining me in that room in Hell to watch my life. Some were quiet. Mostly the ones who'd been shy in life, as well. The majority had a good bit to say. Not everything said was nice, and to be frank, some of it hurt. A lot. Overall, though, it wasn't that bad. 

By the time my life movie reached middle school, the room was pretty crowded. Sometimes, there were so many people with something to say that the video paused to let them all speak. Many of them were seeing parts of my life for the first time, since it seemed that once they started watching the TV with me, they were there to stay. 

After over a decade of this, I thought I was used to it. Sure, it had its ups and downs, but it *was* Hell, after all. At least I wasn't dangling by my ankles over a pit of fire or something like that. 

On the screen, a teenage me walked into my old bedroom and shut the door behind him. I saw myself walk over to the bed and reach under it, pulling out what looked like an old magazine. I'd almost forgotten that people used to read--wait. What would teenage me be doing with a magazine? 

I glanced around my room in Hell and realized I had everyone's undivided attention. Up on the screen, I saw a younger version of myself grab a box of Kleenex. 

Shit.