Diploma in hand, Soren Cerrar marched excitedly to the Town Hall. Long ago he had thrown points at stats at random and today he would mend so many grievous errors. He had been eighteen for weeks but only today had the GED come in the mail. It had taken him half a dozen tries to pass. Today was the day!

Fiddling in his pocket with his free hand he retrieved his pen and his wallet. A frown replaced his smile when he found the waiting room full and the customer ticketing system was half a dozen numbers smaller than that of his stub. Soren sat and idly cleaned his spectacle lenses.

What seemed like hours went by. Soren again checked his person to ensure he had everything required: Photo ID, Birth Certificate, Social Security Card, $55.48 for the change-of-name fee, and a pen to sign the forms. That pen was beginning to leak ink - not just any but *red* ink - all over his faded jeans.

Because he was still running a heavy magic-wielder build his intelligence was high enough to plan ahead. He had spent the remaining two hundred dollars in his account earlier in the day in anticipation. He patted the envelop once more to ensure he still had it. Soon worry would no longer be necessary, he just knew it. But as the afternoon dragged on those fifteen points of wisdom began to haunt him. *What if it doesn't work? Can I make up the difference?*

"Now serving ticket 12," bleating the maladjusted speaker. A solid minute went by as everyone in the lobby stayed still. "Now serving ticket 13."

Soren shot to his feet and bumped the coffee table with a knee. He limped down the hall looking at the digital number displays above each office door.  "What can I do for you today?" The bland voice droned.

"Hi. Yes I would like to reroll. Name, stats, the works."

The clerk frowned. "you will need..."

Soren plopped the documentation and necessary identification before the clerk. 

"...well you seem quite prepared." The clerk folded his hands on his lap. "Understand this Mr. Cerrar that this is *permanent*. You cannot undo this tomorrow and it will cost more if you change your mind. If you agree to the terms please sign on the line at the bottom of the pages I have marked."

And with that Soren Cerrar became Chance Spuersinn. He took his temporary ID and looked it over. The clerk had forgotten to place an expiration date!

With business concluded, Soren-now-Chance collected his things and left. Excited to test his newly acquired luck, he withdrew the envelope and pulled out the scratch cards.

The small cards were all winners as expected. They promised a tidy sum well above the collective cost of the tickets. The lottery card would require him to wait out the night for the announcement. Chance chose a hotel across the street from the Lottery district office. 

*Oh baby*, he thought *I'll head back to the gas station and cash in. I've got some celebrating to do tonight!*

That evening over a six-pack of beer (each can earned him a nominal prize from some contest) he waited for the lottery reveal. Immediately his heart sank. From the first number on the ticket was a loser. In fact, not a single number matched anything on his card, not even out-of-order! Had he made a mistake dumping his stats?

How then could he get lucky with everything else so far? The overbooked hotel had upgraded his room, the beer contest, the scratch tickets, the forgotten expiration date...perfect luck on every other attempt...so how had this failed?

Chance mumbled to himself as he headed to the bathroom. *If the only luck I have is marginal then this was a terrible mistake*, he thought aloud. It was a bust! *Anger will do me no good. I'll pour a bath and think things through. I should have won at least a little bit!*

Ten minutes into the soak the entire building shook. The lights flickered a moment then went dark.Chance climbed out of the tub, inadvertently dodging a chunk of falling masonry from overhead. He glanced back at the tub. *Is this good luck or bad luck?*

Wondering what had happened Chance pulled back the curtains. The entire field of view was devoid of electricity. Neither a street light nor store window glowed. Then his eyes saw it. Where the District Office had been was nothing more than a sinkhole which had swallowed the building completely.

He stumbled back. Sirens in the distance shook Chance back to the present and he realized someone was calling for help...*from the bathroom?*

Chance threw on a robe and peered back into the bathroom. Beyond the fallen wall he saw that the next room over was also in disarray. And from the rubble he heard the cry once more.

He struggled to heave each new thing off of the pile of rubble. Some of it was building material. Some appeared to be from a storage closet. Still more was from the shared wall and ceiling of their suites. 

The cries had stopped almost as soon as he began clearing the debris. It spurred him on. Desperation replaced strength. Panic replaced Desperation. *I have to try* his mind repeated like mantra, *I have to save this person. I have perfect luck. Its why I am here. In this place. At this time. I Will save this person.*

The figure was covered in drywall dust. Chance looked the around for evidence of blood or injury and then felt for a pulse. Faint, but present. The chest rose. "Can you hear me? Are you okay?"

And then her eyes met his. 
