So much had changed in such a short amount of time for Winston and his daughter Marcy since the arrival of her letter. Winston had always known his daughter was special, a cut above the rest as he often referred to her, but this? This was something beyond anything he could have hoped to dream for her. And yet with it came the painful reminders of the career he had squandered accomplishing so little.

When you're a biologist who can't seem to produce any credible work you often find yourself struggling to find paying work and making the bills. Winston had been labeled a fraud more than once though his intention was never to present any false findings, he just had the misfortune of never realizing his findings were false. This lead to his name being all but ruined in the science communities where he could hope to find work. These days he picked up whatever work he could find doing odd tasks wherever he could find them. It wasn't work to be proud of but it kept a roof of Marcy's head, food in her belly, and clothes on her back. Winston had to provide for her.

"Daddy the bookstore!" Marcy exclaimed tugging on his hand as she drew him towards the old store that the other children seemed to want to avoid, or groaned as their parents forced them through the threshold. Marcy had always had a curious mind, devouring books as fast as Winston could supply them and she had a particular joy when it came to learning. Fiction was never to her liking, she wanted to know how the world worked around her and always did her best to take after her father's mind.

These days Winston saw so little of the woman that bore her into the world he sometimes wondered if she was actually her mother. Winston chased those thoughts away, best not to dwell on such painful memories. 

That familiar scent of books passed Winston's nostrils, a smell he loved so much yet so rarely got to indulge in with how busy life kept him. When he wasn't taking care of Marcy he was working and if there was no work he was looking for work. Immediately Marcy vanished among the shelves, those small eyes scanning each book overwhelmed by the amount of new choices she had before her, subjects and themes she'd never even fathomed. Magic WAS real!

The shop keep was free for a moment and Winston took advantage of the situation stepping forward to have a quick word.

"Excuse me..." Winston started holding the list of supplies his daughter needed for Hogwarts "I'm rather new to all this an-"

Before Winston could continue on the older gentlemen from behind the countered held up a hand "Muggle born eh? Worry not, happens more often than you'd think." He offered a kind smile as he leaned forward to take a quick glance at the list "First year? That's an easy selection of books to find once you know what you're looking for and how to navigate around the various subjects. Come on I can show you." It was a bit of a struggle for him to stand but within moments he was on his feet, stretching his back as best as his aged body would allow.

Winston shifted uncomfortably as he lowered his voice a little more "It's not just that... Price." Winston stated flatly, not liking to have such a discussion but everything seemed so expensive here and his Pounds didn't seem to go as far in the Wizarding World as they did in the Muggle World. "Do you have anything second hand? Even damaged for a discount? I wasn't expecting everything to be so... much." Winston frowned as he looked over at his daughter, making sure she hadn't wandered too far off.

The old man paused, watching the struggle Winston with all this. "Sir we have plenty of options here to help ensure every student attends school with everything they need. The last thing I'd want is for..." The old man paused, not knowing Marcy's name he shook his head "I'm sorry, I never introduced myself properly and feel a fool for doing so. I'm Matthew Gregory, manager here at Flourish and Blotts." He offered his wrinkled hand to Winston.

"Oh I'm terribly sorry, that's my daughter Marcy over there and I'm Winston, Winston Basserton." Winston quickly took the old man's hand and shook it several times but the handshake quickly fell apart as the Matthew stared back at Winston in disbelief. "Is... Is something the matter?" Winston shifted again taking a step back.

"You're the Winston Basserton? Biologist? You wrote..." Matthew turned around and hurriedly shifted through several piles of books before pulling up a well worn copy. The book was bound in a dark green leather, words pressed into the cover had a silver gleam to them helping them stand out against the dark green background. Matthew held it up for Winston to clearly read.

The Magical Around Us - A Guide to Magical Creatures and Plants by Winston Basserton

Confusion spread across Winston's face as he took the book from Matthew's hands. The heft of it surprised him, it was thick with pages full of information. Thumbing it open Winston would turn through page after page, eyes scanning each page and within moments he knew it all. He didn't have to read all of it either, almost like being reminded of something you had forgotten about but it was there in your mind the whole time. "What is this?" Winston gasped out, each page growing more and more familiar to him.

"It's your life's work." Matthew said, still somewhat in awe of who he was standing before him.

Finally Winston fell on the last page, a note about the author. His lip quivered as he read over the words.

Winston Basserton discovered, researched, and prepared all the findings found within this text. All works is credited to him in the Wizarding World though his contributions aren't known to him. The Wizarding World thanks Mr. Basserton for all his work and the Ministry of Magic will ensure this text is properly updated as he continues to discover more.