"Three colors?  What exactly do you mean by that?"

"Ah, I apologize."

The being across from me taps its headset a few times, twisting a few dials.

"I believe my translator made an error," it says.

Oh well.  It happens.

"I believe I've fixed it.  Now, is it true your species can only exist in three dimensions?"

"Unfortunately, yes."

"Ah, that explains the lack of faster than light travel."

"I suppose it does," I say, twirling a pen in my right hand.

"So the primary reason for this exchange is technological, I take it?"

It asks its questions in that weird imitated monotone of computerized speech.  Must be a fancy AI, too.  It's got simulated inflections and regional dialects and everything.  

Pretty deep in the uncanny valley, I'd say.

"Well we've received many signals from your planet, and offer a simple exchange.  With our upgrades, you should be able to craft spacecraft that are capable of faster than light travel."

Excellent.  That's exactly what we wanted to hear.

"And our corporation will maintain exclusive rights to this technology for the next decade," I say.  

It shakes its tendrils around its head in mock acceptance.  Closest thing to a nod, I assume.

"In exchange, we'll give you exclusive rights to our combat drone schematics, specifically the orbital defense designs."

It salivates slightly, and something wet and heavy drips onto the floor.

Disgusting.

"This seems to be a fair exchange, is it not, human?"

"I believe so."

With this tech we'll be able to beat out those generational colony ships sent out hundreds of years ago, back when we were first starting to crack open asteroids in the belt between Mars and Jupiter.

"I do have another question, human."

"Ask away," I say.  Though I have some idea of what it may be.

"The Ghoosha sent messages to us as well, asking for aid in exchange for our technology."

"The Ghoosha?"

"The other race."

"Ah."

Bit of a sad story, but still, it's just curiosity.  Humans have an amazing ability to forget about the atrocities they'll commit to stay alive.

"Well that was mostly accidental," I say.

Accidental in the way a man takes out a life insurance policy on his soon to be dead partner.

"They lived beneath the oceans, and couldn't survive on land.  Gills and all, to be precise."

"Indeed," the alien representative says, though I can't tell if the emotion is genuine or falsified.

"We killed them before we'd discovered gravitons."

"How so?"

"Too much plastic in the ocean.  Shredded their lungs to bits."

"And they asked us to save them?"

"We believe so.  No one discovered their messages until after they'd died."

"I imagine it was quite a shock to find underwater civilizations in the deep abyss."

"That it was."

The alien seems to ponder this, and stands to leave.

"We appreciate doing business with you," it says.

"Likewise."

As it leaves, we already have begun to receive the schematics.  Easily decipherable, though that goes without saying.

*BZZZZZZZZZZ*

A notification from my cybernetic implant.

"Mr. Rogers?"

"Yes?"

"Shall we upload the schematics now?"

"Yes."

"How long will it take for them to notice they're corrupted?"

"Oh, they won't figure it out until it's too late."

I take out a cigarette, lighting it and taking a deep drag.

Ghoosha.  What a stupid name.  A stupid species that died a stupid death because it wasn't willing to step up and do what needed to be done.

I wonder what they called themselves.  Plenty of anthropologists dig through those strange artificial cities carved into the ocean floor, though the language still can't be deciphered.  Maybe if we sell planet cracking rights to Mercury they'll give us a few more uplifting designs.

Ghoosha.  Call them what you want.  I'll just think of them as those idiot squids trapped in oceans so polluted it'd be like trying to breathe through a constant stream of gasoline poured down your throat.

The aliens will build our designs, and be quite surprised when we activate the backdoor and turn their systems against them.

Hell, they never expected their android servants to begin resisting and destroying their own creators.  Whatever they think of us, they don't seem to blame humanity for those schematics.

Whatever.  What's the saying?  Fool me once, shame on you.

Fool me twice?

Well that just makes you a sucker.  Infect them with a disease and they come to us for the cure.

Not our fault they gave up warfare a long time ago.

After all, there's not that much room in the solar system anymore.

And there's always profit to be found in the most unlikely of places.

Perhaps on their home world.

Perhaps on their stations.

Perhaps from their own star.

Another drag.

With these ships, it won't take us long to get there.  Scan their system, infiltrate communication arrays, map their colonial strongholds and systematically take what's theirs.  We got shareholders to please and they're impatient sons of bitches.

It's nothing personal.

Just business.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato