All my life, I've been prepping to exorcise demons.  My father did it, his father before him, and so on.  Seeing as there are only a handful of people in the world who can do it, you can probably understand how big of a deal it is for me to pick up my family legacy.  Most don't even get the opportunity to practice exorcism, but I got to grow up with it.  

I'll never forget my first demon encounter, it started just like the rest: some religious family with more money than they could count were certain that their teenage daughter had the devil in her.  Now, while 99% of these calls where false alarms, me and my father always took the job as the money was always needed.  Anyways, turns out this young lady really did have a demon in her, and me and pops pulled that son of a bitch right out of her soul.  Quite the experience for a 7 year old.  

As my father has grown older, and I have begun to take over the family business, times have become harder and harder.  Less and less demons to exorcise, and more and more bills stacking up.  That is, until last week.  

I received a phone call from a crackling old voice, explaining that he has a *farm* full of demons.  Obviously, he must be deranged? However, I continue to listen.  He explains that my services are needed, and that money is no object.  Now a farm full of demons is a very intimidating job, but, determined to provide for my family, I tell the old man that I will be there in a minute.

I knock on the door of the farm; an older gentlemen looks me up and down and mutters something about how I "already look out of breath." I'm invited into the family room where the old man explains where the demons have come from.  Some of them have stemmed from old owners of the farm, some from cows that have since been turned into NY Strips, and some that have simply gotten lost and decided to stick around.  He pulls out a contract, titled: Demon *Exerciser* and asks me to sign it.  I start reading it over and begin to panic; 

"client agrees to exercise demons three times per week", "demons must see visual weight loss and muscle gain results over period of 3 months or client will not be retained"

Fast forward 3 months and I have been training these demons 3 days a week and making a boat-load of money while I'm at it.  The whole time I've told my family that business is booming and I'm extracting demons like no tomorrow.  I've had little interaction with the old man himself; I never so much as learned his name.  But in these 3 months, the demons have gone from fat, lazy, useless spirits to some of the strongest and most powerful that I had ever seen.  Then, as I was wrapping up my services on December 21st, 2012, the old man came out to tell me that my services where no longer needed.  I pleaded with him and asked him why, but to no avail.  Trying to remain as professional as possible, I thanked the old man.

"Thank you for your business over the past months, Mr.....?" 

"You can call me Lucifer." Said the old man, grinning as he walked away.

Weird.