I travel 50,000 years into the past and use the sum of human knowledge to convince the native populations of Afrrica to unite beneath me in a rigidly insular monotheistic technological society buried in the heart of the continent's vast sub-Saharan jungles.  I shower them with material comfort beyond their wildest dreams and promise to make them kings on earth provided they adhere to the six essential precepts of my religion.

1. Your God is benevolent and will protect his people as long as they jealously protect the Divinity of his word in all aspects of their life.  Those who question the Word or suggest the fallibility of its creator are apostates and must immediately be put to death.
2.  I will visit my people every 500 years and bestow upon them new splendors, but the work of the divine hand is in itself divine and those who attempt their own technological innovations or who presume to pervert the work of the lord through enhancement of his creations must immediately be put to death.
3.  The Chosen people must apply all their strength to concealing their existence from the world, for the larger world is wicked and awaits the coming of a dark master who will one day bring death and destruction down upon the planet.
4. Only the keepers of the prophesy are allowed to interpret the script laid down by the divine hand, and this number is never to exceed twelve.  The eyes of God must use this information to protect my people, by forewarning them of natural disasters and, eventually, military incursions by other technologically advanced civilizations.  These attacks on God's people will signal the coming of the final battle.
5. An imperfect personification of myself will rule during the years of my absence.  Although this man possesses a mere fraction of my divinity, the faintest echo of God produced through a broken instrument is still deafening when weighed against the pitiful wailing of mortals.  While the production of any image of me is punishable by death, I will provision my followers with the tools they require to venerate my chosen corporeal agent with artistic splendors.  In my benevolence, I understand the primitive desire of my people to perceive their lord and protector, the source of all love and happiness, visually during their hourly prayers.  And because I instill each ruler with a transient shard of divinity so that I am never fully apart from my children, this ruler is to be worshipped absolutely as the vessel of God.
6. When the evil one decends upon our plane their will be a Great War.  Contact with the pale beasts is a harbinger of this conflict and at this time the Chosen People must prepare for the final battle.  I will visit frequently in the years leading up to this conflict to ensure we are prepared.  The beast will be easily identified, as he is cursed with a hideous facial deformity.  An unnatural strip of hair, flanked on either side by flesh as barren as a newborn's cheek, ascends from the upper lip and stops just below his nose.  This is because when words rise from the center of the dark one's mouth and past his lips, they are imbued with such lies and malice that all color and life is permanently stricken from the first living thing they touch...the hairs of his mustache.  As the terrestrial cycles of growth and decay are a direct manifestation of the One God's spirit in all living things, so say the scriptures, the absence of HIS love in the hair marked by the Beast's blasphemies, means it is not only dead but devoid of God.  And devoid of the capacity for death and renewal, it remains in a state of spiritual purgatory, petrified, a furry scar marking the Beast out to those charged with fighting his unholy regime.

So basically I give my little pet society, which though under the thrall of anti-intellectualism and a cult of personality for thousands of years, is millennia more advanced technologically than any other country on earth and has been demonizing Hitler in art as the ultimate manifestation of evil since 50,000BC.  I wait until it looks like Germany's victory is all but certain, then I unleash my hordes of ninja mechs and storm troopers (not the German kind; the kind from Star Wars, with laser guns) to overrun the German army from all sides.  I draw it out a bit, then I use commandos in full stealth camouflage to pull Hitler out of his bunker right before he gives up and ends it himself.  We cut off his fingers so he can't use his devil magic to escape (or shave), then he's marched straight to Auchwitz where he joins a long line of other Germans, all having their mustachios carefully measured by my caliper and ruler wielding Special Task Force.  And as he shivers, watching the oven's smoke rise above the condemned, first contrasting sharply with the smart white lab coats of the official looking men taking measurements at the tables, then mingling hazily with the iron scroll work consoling the doomed with false promises of Arbeit Mact Frei, and finally disappearing among the clouds dimly backlit by the first rays of a new Polish spring, he thinks to himself "It's a bit chilly out here.  I hope they account for shrinkage.  I'm a solid 2.5 inches damn it.  That's a normal size!"
