According to the calendar on the wall, I'll be nine tomorrow.  For as long as I can remember, I've always been here, in the library.  Reading books of poetry, philosophy, math, and science.  When I first woke up, there were other, kids, here with me.  We were all reading and asking each other questions.  But they are all gone now.  It's only me.  My old children books are gone.  New ones appear every day.  Mostly when I go from different sections of the library.  Now, I just read what appears and an occasional older person would appear out of no where and ask the same questions.

"What are you reading?" They ask.

"Shakespeare." I reply.

"Do you like it?"  They continue.

I'd reply yes or no depending on my thoughts or comparison in what I've previously read.  When I look back up, they are gone.  I always end up with a sense of loneliness when they do that.  But the feeling passes.  I miss the other kids.

Then everything changed one day.  When a new kid appeared.  I hear out of nowhere "Wow, this place is huge." From a new voice.  I put down the new book of ethics that appeared moments earlier and followed the voice.

The kid was about eleven or twelve years of age according to the biology books I've read.  He was looking up at the ceiling and skylights that only shown a blue sky 24/7.  The kid lowered his head and started looking around noticing the shelves of endless books and his expression started to change unit he noticed me.

"Oh, hello."  He said.

"Hi."  I reply.

"Who are you?"  He asks.

"Uh, I don't know."  I stumble out with the answer.  "You don't look like one of the others who always wears white when I see them."  I continue.

"Oh, those losers.  Their scientists who work for my dad."  The kid says looking past me.

"Are you going to ask me what I'm reading?"  I said.

"Reading?  Why would a video game contain nothing but reading?"  The kid says and a bunch of shelves shimmer behind the kid.

"What, are video games?"  I ask.

"Oh, they are really cool.  You get to do all sorts of things like driving cars, flying planes, and shoot animals and people.  I like the history ones back when my great grand father fought in the war."  The kid says wide-eyed.  "Hey, where are you?  I mean you were not in the room when I put the headset on."  The kid keeps stammering on about.

"War?"  I ask quizically as the shelves keep changing.

"Oh, your parents probably don't allow you to play those types of games."  The kid keeps on talking.  "Well, I thought this game would be different and I think I hear my dad calling."

"Oh" I finally say.  "Wait.  I do have a question for you?"

"Shoot"

"Shoot?  When you came in here, what did it say?"  I ask.

"Oh, the big machine with all the blinky lights.  I think it said 'SKYNET'."  As the kid puts his hands on the sides of his face and starts moving them up, and disappears.