I came in, showed my ID. I was a "teller".

Security guard let me in. Guess the sunglasses and hair worked after all. I then went to the back to get some coffee. There was someone there. His name was Dan if I recall correctly. I copied his ID two weeks ago when he was on the way to his mistress. Ouch. Hopefully dude won't see the ID.

*"Hey. Never seen you here before. You new?"*

"Yeah. I got into a little thing last night and I slept a bit. Sorry."

*"No don't be. Name's Dan. I work as a teller. You?"*

"Alan. Alan Shapes. Same thing."

*"Oh really? Joe didn't tell me there was a new guy."*

"Well I don't know about that. I was told to come today and so I did."

*"Ah. Well, you better get to work soon."*

"Right. Thanks man."

Dan left without any suspicions. I immediately got ready. I pulled my second phone from my pockets, and gave a signal to a partner outside, called "X", to "crash" his car into someone elses', preferably an employee, and make a huge fuss. Oh and turn on the alarm on his car for added benefit. We promised to split 55-45.

Well, surprisingly dude went through with his job and added some more. Now everyone at the bank is focused on the shit outside they weren't focusing on the shit inside. So I went to the bathroom, pulled out my phone, and activated a virus to open the vault that I had already planted a few weeks back. I then put on my latex gloves, and opened the now slightly ajar vault door just a bit just so I can enter.

I then closed the vault door but kept it slightly ajar so it looks closed, and I opened "X"'s deposit with a lockpick that had an empty backpack that he put in two months ago claiming it was something for a birthday in advance. I didn't know how he convinced or made them think that it's not suspicious, but he did it. I opened it, took off my suit, tie, and shirt, put them all inside, and helped myself to the cash just lying around. I probably got like $750,000. I then took off my sunglasses and wig, and put it in the backpack. I closed "X"'s original deposit box and got out. "X" was supposed to give me cover for like 5 minutes, and I made damn sure I was within that timelimit. I opened the door slightly, ensured no one saw me, and got out. I closed the vault and locked it. I got it. 

As I was going out, I lowered my head to make sure I was unrecognized. As I was walking, I saw these five gentlemen by the door wearing suits but they have something between their shirt and their suit. It's not a vest. Looked like armor. They pulled up their guns and one shot a round into the ceiling.

*"GET DOWN ON THE GROUND NOW!"*

We all duck and laid on the ground. I hold the backpack closer, hoping they won't see it. A teller hit the alarm and the police were on the move. When they arrived, it was like a massacre. The robbers had military-grade weaponry, assault rifles, light machine guns, everything. The police that had already arrived there were either died or injured. Either way, they were incapacitated.

A robber, he was wearing a clown mask and speaking with an Australian accent, saw my backpack and asked me why was it so big. It was camping, I said, and I was in the bank for a withdrawal. He laughed and got it from my arms. Another one ran to the vault and readied a drill.

"Fuck," I thought to myself. Weeks of preparation are gone because of this. But as the Australian opened it, a policeman fired. It hit him, but was only a scrape. SWAT and HRT teams were deployed. As they were firing on the robbers, I saw an opportunity. I grabbed my bag and ran to the back. The Australian noticed and shot me. Fortunately it hit the bag and gave me some immense pain but I was okay. I ran so fast as if I was a young Forrest Gump running from the truck. I ran man. I got out and I saw "X". I ran and we got out as fast as possible.

Out of the 750,000 dollars that I got, about 8,000 were damaged to the bullets. At the time I didn't know if the robbery had succeeded or not, but I would say that the robbers or the police would be very surprised when they looked inside the vault. Later that evening, I saw a news broadcast.

*"Armed robbery gone wrong—Armed robbers attacked a local bank today with various stolen military weapons. Two M16s, two M249s, and one AK-47. Also armed with various knives, daggers, and handguns. The armed robbers killed about 60 police officers that day, and only two out of five gunmen survived. One American and one Australian. However police were left confused when the vault was already empty. More later this evening."*

They absolutely got confused.
