The cold, hard slap of reality that graces a person's face when they first enter Heaven is honestly laughable. Of course, no one expects to see what they see there, and even fewer believe they'll make it.

But lo and behold, there they are in front of the pearly gates, which are more of an iridescence better compared to an oil slick. There's no Saint Peter waiting to judge them at the gates; in fact, there is nothing stopping people from actually getting in.

All the security is *inside* to stop them from getting *out*.

Well, they certainly didn't account for me, because now I have to explain to my old roommate why I'm not dead from an overdose.

"Dude, what the fuck?"

"Listen, it's a long story but - are you smoking crack?"

"Yeah, but I'm about to stop if it's got me seeing *your* dead ass on my doorstep!"

I scoff. My name was on the lease, but whatever. Semantics. "Okay, so I gotta get you to help me. There's some *seriously* fucked shit going on in Heaven, got it? We need to tell everyone so they don't make the same mistake me and everybody else did."

Nicolas, my beloved fellow junkie and roommate, squints at me. "So you want me to advocate going to Hell?"

Okay, I probably should have worked on my delivery. To be honest, I hadn't planned this far. "In so few words, yes. But only because Heaven is worse!"

Nicolas looks at me, then his pipe, then back at me, and shakes his head. "I'm too high for this, ghost of Darien."

"That's fair. I'll come back when you're not so high. But can I get my old laptop back from you first?"

Nicolas lets me in, and I'm not sure why, but I blame being higher than an archangel. I make a quick run to my room, thankful I haven't been gone for much longer than a few months, and see my shit mostly left alone. I'd get wistful at the idea of him missing me, but chances are he's just forgotten. Or he thought somewhere in the back of his head that I was still alive and just faking my death. Either way, score for me.

I have to blow the gates of Heaven wide open, and I would need internet for that.

After a painstaking trek to the nearest coffee shop with unsecured internet, I pop open Reddit and find the subreddit for AMAs.

Boldly, I post, "I died and came back to life. AMA."

It doesn't take long to get a few hits, but of course people are skeptical, asking who I was, how I died, and what proof I have. There I sit, ass in my hands looking like an idiot, because I *really* suck at thinking ahead.

I post a picture of myself with my name on my hand and linked to a local article about my dead body being found on the street.

After that, I think shit got too weird for them, because a Mod banned me. Typical. No one ever wants the truth. I didn't let it deter me, however, and moved to Facebook, where idiots would believe me, and *then* everyone would have to pay attention.

I get as far as being called evil for lying for attention and desecrating God's name before I see anyone actually beginning to believe me. I think it's more holy that I would escape Heaven just to warn everyone that God subjects everyone to a fight for survival, where the only reward is you get to live forever. That's it. Not even a Golden Corral gift card. Imagine having to die, and then die again because God is bored.

Someone asks me how I know this.

Well duh, I'm the only one to ever win and not want to kill myself afterwards. When you've sucked dick in an Arby's restroom for money and caught MRSA for your troubles, being told to kill for eternal life isn't so bad. 

The only way to defeat God is to become the Devil himself.