Millions of live were going to be lost. These people were condemned. They had already died, and my being here couldn't change that fact. Even if I killed him now, it wouldn't change a thing. Their lives, here and now, were only a reminder of what had happened, and not something that could be stopped. None of the others understood that. But I did.

As a recruit, I was motivated and worked hard. I rose through the ranks with a reputation for efficiency and ruthlessness, until I caught his attention by exposing traitors in his entourage. I made them admit their treachery and executed them myself.

He liked me. And soon he trusted me too. When I took a bullet for him, that sealed the deal. In the hospital, while I recovered, he called me 'friend' and I lied in return, with a smile.

It's very difficult to put ideas into a man's head, to convince him that they are his own. It took some practice to get it right. I pushed him a little bit further each time. He became more and more cruel, and I encouraged it. I helped him convince himself that he was right, that he was doing what had to be done. I never let him know that his ideas were mine. He had to think he was in control of his own mind, but I pushed him further than even he would have imagined on his own.

He became an exaggerated version of himself. More cruel, more arrogant, more convinced every day that his truth was the only truth.

That's when I started expressing myself personally. Only a little bit at a time, at first. A bit of doubt here, a little hesitation there. I let him hear some of my doubts. I let a bit of my disgust start to show, and he started to notice.

I had been his friend, his trusted advisor, and now I was disgusted by him? Had he gone too far? Had he crossed he line at some point? I could see the cogs turning in his head. 

Some months went by, and my disgust grew more and more apparent, and I could see his hesitation grow as well. I let him overhear me talk about him to others. Never anything terrible, but just enough to cast more doubt in his actions.

His energy and conviction slowed and he grew sullen and angry. At me, at the world, at himself. I pushed some darker thoughts into his mind, as I had done before. He began to see the monster inside him, and sometimes lost control of it. At first, only around me, but eventually in front of his officers. Rumors about him spread among the ranks like wildfire, and eventually back to him.

He was losing his mind, seeing the evil he had raised, and damage he had caused, and the pain and death and suffering that was being inflicted in his name, and he broke. In one instant, his dreams had been shattered. He had no more confidence, no more strength. The charismatic man who had ruled over Germany had now become nothing but a husk. A shadow in a great man's clothes.

He had me called to his quarters, and I came. His voice trembled, almost imperceptibly at first, as he spoke to me. I had worn him down and he was about to lose it. He spoke at length of his dream, its birth, growth and culmination. I could hear the shame in his voice. I pressed him for more, and he delivered. He admitted the evil of his ways. That he had believed in what he was doing, but that he had come to see how sick and twisted it was. His voice broke and he began to cry. The world would have been better without him... would be better without him. He looked at me, determined.

He waved to a letter on the table. I glanced at it, and back at him. This is what I had been waiting for; what I worked so hard for.

He looked at me with sad determination and nodded. I knew what had to be done.

I walked up to him, and wrapped my hands around his neck. He didn't resist at all. I squeezed his throat in my hands, and he slowly fell to his knees. I didn't want it to end this quickly. I squeezed, but left enough slack that he could force breath through my fingers. I made it last a while, and as I saw him passing out, I smiled at him, and relished the look of realization in his eyes.

I opened his vault and tossed the unconscious body in it. He would wake up in a few minutes. I took his pistol from the table, and tossed it in the vault with him, then I locked him in. I waited to hear the gunshot before I left.