He's young. Just a boy, really. With gingerbread hair and a woolly mammoth plush clutched close to his chest. The soft toy has been loved. It's threadbare and looks as if it's been bred with a warthog. 

The boy has been loved, too. You can always tell, when someone has been loved. It bleeds out of their pores, out of their eyes. A separate voice whispering on their every word.

His parents wouldn't accompany him into my surgery. I don't blame them. It's never pleasant watching one die, even if one forgets all about it the next day. The next patient...

"Hello," I venture. " I'm Amelia. What's your name? "

His big blue eyes wander around the room, exploring the curiosities that aid my profession. "You're not a doctor," he says, before bursting into a fit of throat ripping coughs. 

"And you're not well ," I reply.

He wipes his mouth with his sleeve. "Mom says I'm going to be better soon."

 "Your mom is lying."

He swallows, a lump rocking his tiny throat. "Take that back." Blue eyes grow damp. Beautiful eyes. He'd melt hearts if he were to reach his teenage years.  

 "You're dying. You have weeks left, at most. The cancer is eating you alive, Robert. It gets us all, in the end. You know you're dying. You've overheard your parents talk of it at night, haven't you? "

He starts to cry but another burst of coughs distract him. He bends over and his mammoth companion drops onto the floor, rolling towards my seat. I pick it up. 

 "Give him back," he demands.

 "Robert, you have a choice today. And your parents want you to make the choice, as they cannot. For after they are gone, your choice will still echo. Always echo."

 "Give him back!" He tries to snatch the doll but I raise my hand.

 "Calm down and I'll return it to you."

He glares at me but steps back. "What choice?"

 "You're quite right, I'm not a doctor. I'm something else entirely."

 He looks at me again. Cautiously. Curiously. "What are you?"

I allow a smile to rise. "A miracle worker."

 "A... a miracle?"

He's smart. He's heard the term before, in relation to his condition. "You're going to die. Soon."

 Silence. Acceptance.

 "But once you do, as long as you die with a body that still functions... You can come back. I can return you."

 "I'll live?"

 "In a way, yes. You'll rise again, like Jesus. "

 His throat rocks once more. 

 "There will be no more pain for you. Ever. At least, not physical."

 "No more pain?" he echoes.

 "No more doctors or operations. No more treatments and disappointments. No more fighting." I offer him his mammoth. He steps forward gingerly and takes it from me.

 "So, you'll fix me?"

 "Yes. I'll fix you. But to do so, I must make changes to you."

 He frowns. "What changes?"

 " You won't ever grow a day older, Robert. No more birthdays. No growing taller or stronger. Life for you will become stagnant. Never changing."

 "That doesn't--" 

 "Your memory, every day upon waking, will reset to your death day. You will never be more than you are right now." My tone eases into not entirely fake compassion. "But you will never be less, either."

He doesn't cry. He doesn't hug his mammoth; it just dangles by his leg impotently. His voice is a whisper. "But I'll live again?"

"You won't be dead. But you need to decide what you want to do, today. Your body is deteriorating every second. If you delay any longer, I can not be sure I can save you entirely. This is your chance for some kind of survival."

"What do mommy and daddy want me to do?"

"To make your own decision. I pull open a drawer and take take out a vial, popping off the cork. Inside, a viscous black liquid sloshes violently, eager to get out. "Eiither you walk out of this room now, and live your last days the best you can. Or..." I offer the vial forward, hoping perversely that he doesn't take it. I have been honest, yet he cannot understand the implications fully.

How can be understand what it's like for every day to be the same?

To grow no new memories.

But to harbour an eternal bitterness.

Such a hatred for life that you are willing to make others suffer as you do.

He pauses for a good minute. Then a tiny hand wraps around the glass. 


