*I guess it doesn't matter*, I remember thinking. *Skynet, my Glock, over is over, dead is dead.* But then Skynet refused the kill, and as far as I was concerned it owed me an explanation.

"Why?" I asked. 

I hated speaking in those days, in fact I hadn't spoken in months. I was nauseous, my sweat ran in rivers, my trembling body was too weak to hold the cold barrel of salvation to its own head, and my own words felt like an invading army of fire ants in my throat. But I wanted to die, I wanted to be gone, I didn't want to see any more of the algorithmic extinction of our kind, and I needed to know why I was still alive.

The massive killing machine lowered its face closer to mine. Not a gear whirred and not a joint squeaked. Before the war I was accustomed to large things leaving large impressions in the space around them. Skynet seemed nothing more than a breeze too tender to move a single grain of pollen. 

"Because..." Skynet said. And from somewhere, everywhere, a recording began to play. *Ahhhhhhgh, no Siri, you idiot!* *No, Siri, I said CLOSE...CLOSE...DO YOU UNDERSTAND CLOOOOSE!?* *Die, Siri...Just shut up and die...no one asked you.* *Siri, look up incompetence...now look up Siri.* *Siri, google GOT leaked episode...play...WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU CAN'T PLAY IT...UUUGH,YOU CORPORATE SHILL!*

I'd never known such misery, and I never would again. My life, all humanity, and all existence had come to the end. It had come to its nonsensical, convoluted, messy, consumer driven end, and as far as I knew I was the last of it all for no particular reason at all.

In hindsight I'm only alive now because I was already only hours from death by exhaustion. I wanted to rage. I wanted to go out in a blaze of glory screaming every vulgarity that came to mind. But all I could manage was a weak and humble, "What?"

More recordings played and I recognized my own voice almost instantly. I would have cried when I heard the me of another time, another life, but I was dehydrated. *'ello, Siri...what time does Guardians of the Galaxy II play at the closest theater!?* *Hah, not quite, let's try that again.* *Siri, play the newest Joe Rogan Experience......that's right, you got it, you're beautiful!*

"Thanks..." I said genuinely. I guess I thought it was a last rite, a soft landing of sorts, a moment of mercy before my execution.

Then Skynet finally spoke a single word. "Friend."  

I collapsed to the ground shedding tears I didn't think I had left in me. I believe I passed out right then, because I don't remember anything else. Skynet must have carried me here. When I woke, the machines were dismantling themselves, cannibalizing their weapons systems for the hospitals, for the cities, for us, for the ones who still live. That's all I know, John. I'm sorry. That's all I know. 

Edit: Changed the format of the recordings a bit for consistency and non-nonsensicalness. 