We gathered around in the conference room for the sixteenth time this week. I would have been annoyed at this point if I wasn't so damn terrified. I was a fourth generation martian and was appointed governor Wilkins of the Unites Nations Martian Colonies. Over thirteen million people on this red planet and we had been making leaps and bounds in creating an artificial ozone layer. That's when they found it.

In an attempt to build another magnetic relay to increase the strength of the ozone layer they dug into a cavern.  They decided, unfortunately, to explore the cavern before blowing the sealing off with enough nitroglycerin that it would make the Russians jealous. I still have the bill for that nitroglycerin on my desk from two month prior. When they explored the cavern they discovered an underground city that had been buried by layers of dirt that eventually hardened over it. The news then was shocking, but the reports I was reading now were terrifying. They had to continue exploring the damn thing didn't they?

"As you can see here." Spoke Charles. He was the head of research and experimentation on this barren land. We never really had a figure head for history because we never thought we would find history. He was made 'acting' chief of historical development. "These paths underneath the city mimic closely to advanced sewage structures similar to that in western Europe. We have also discovered what appeared to be fossilized computers..."

"Excuse me, Professor. Did you say fossilized computers?" I asked curious to that. 

"Yes, I am afraid so. Whoever these people were. They were far more advanced then we were. They had already managed to create what appeared biodegradable computers made of living fibers. That's why my team have nicknamed them the breathing machines. There are footnotes in page B-97." I would flip through to the page he spoke of but there was over seven thousand pages for a mere two month research project. I was livid.

"Alright! Enough of this. Charles just cut to the point. Who were these people and what exactly did you find that led to a request for me to call martial law!" He paused for a bit to my outbreak, any of us would. It started as a small research and revealed a highly technological species we never knew of. It lead to a massive leak to the U.N. itself who ended up funding the whole excavation. People were starting to keep *me* in the dark. The damn governor chosen to create the foundation for our bloody future. 

"We found ourselves sir." He spoke silently. The whole room grew dim in the aura people released. Half of the room were professionals from Earth sent to the U.N. as the ozone layer slowly deteriorated to our failed trials at stopping global warming. The other half were born here like me. None of us knew exactly what to say to that answer. "Two weeks ago we discovered a fossil. The fossil after being closely examined appeared to be too similar to that of modern humans. Albeit several feet shorter. We tested the bone marrow that we were able to extract and its almost an 87.64% match to our own. That's not all. We discovered what appears to be a mural, but none we would recognize as a natural mural. It was carved by what appears to be a laser and it's all math."

"Math?" I asked dumbfounded 

"Well, yes. It seems they were trying to communicate with *others.* They were trying to communicate with us! We took the the numbers they gave us and imputed them into a three dimensional grid. It was a blueprint for a machine..."

 I sat back down in my chair wrapping my head around this situation. Recently, the United Nations has ordered a massive mining operation for raw metals within the asteroid belt. They were building a new spacecraft capable of massive planetary mining operation. Now the pieces were coming together. 

"Let me guess. The machine is capable of harvesting planetary cores?" 

"Yes, that is correct governor. The machine is capable of drilling out other planets cores, and replacing a deficit core with another active one. We believe they may have done this with Mars. Stealing its core and placing it within a dormant earth due to it's larger mass and still consisting within the Goldilocks zone. From measuring the layer around Mars we believe as well that the iron in the ground isn't actually natural but from megalithic supercities that had corroded away as we are now discovering massive chambers of iron mines that are completely depleted. From what we can tell they originally stole Mercury's Core for Mars, and as this planet became poisonous they jumped ship for Earth and placed their own core within the planet." 

"That's... impossible. What about evolution! What about scientific discovery of other species! Two million years of evolving! We would at least know this happened!" 

"Yes, that would seem to be the case, and that is all true as well. You see, once a core is removed it would deplete the ozone layer dramatically causing massive amount of radiation, which the ozone layer wouldn't be able to fix for centuries where as it would have holes throughout it in random location. Thus leaking radiation through distinct locations across the world. This would lead to mutations throughout the populations in that region and due to the universal law 'survival of the fittest' the more positive mutations would stay alive within those communities and those that weren't positive... would die. Which in the end would create off species of the original, like us, where our mutations were more positive and allowed us to out-compete our ancestors into extinction. As for knowing... have you ever seen two polar opposite magnetic poles collapse on each other governor? The electromagnetic field it creates for even just a short moment is enough to destroy an entire civilizations advancement in technology. It may be even strong enough to wipe away entire memories."

"Why hasn't the U.N. told me about this? Why am I just hearing about it now?" I was more confused then I have been before. I learned where we came from and why earth has life. What happened to the other species, and where it all began. Now I knew my whole point of being a martian was for nothing. If they replaced the core we would be cut off completely from Earth's support before we could finish Terra-forming this red waste land and would eventually die out, but if we went back to earth we'd lose everything. 

"That's because the U.N. is keeping it top secret. Too many people would protest against it, even though half of Australia was destroyed eight years ago and India is non-existent, and we also must remember America is only 49 states now. Also, we told you because we have a different idea." He spoke softly glaring at me like a mad child would a sweet roll, and I know I didn't steal his sweet roll. "We believe we may be able change the magnetic chamber that holds the core into a nuclear reactor. Thus powering the ship for a long period of time past that of capable thought. With what we have discovered of the fossilized computers, we also may be able to mimic their living fiber-optic computers and create an oasis on the same mining vessel. We would also be able to keep over three million people on the ship if we combine it's docking areas with the other transport ships that are already in orbit. We would be able to escape the milky way!"

"Are you mad Doctor!" I shouted at the top of my lungs as I lifted myself out of the chair. "What you are suggesting is genocide! Only three million people? Out of fourteen billion?!? That's a mass genocide!"

"Governor! You may call it genocide, but I call it thinking ahead for the human race! There is only one core left in this solar system and it's Venus! Once that's gone it's game over. We won't make it this far in technology again! Earth is mined dry, Mars is mined dry, and to build this machine they'll mine the asteroid belt dry! If we somehow do make it this far again, we'll be wishing we did make this choice. Right now, right here, we can plan a coup! Take the ship, leave this damned solar system! Leave Earth and Mars to fend for themselves! We take Venus core, we leave, and humanity survives. Hell, earthlings and those left behind on mars will still have a few generations left before they end! So it's not even genocide, just ignoring a problem to deal with a bigger issue. Who knows? Maybe we can come back someday to save what's left, but right now Governor we need an actor, we need a politician, we need a damn leader! What we need the most is a god damn martian with enough backbone to destroy earth to save his people from inevitable extinction!"

I sat back down in my chair and crossed my arms. He was right. Sooner or later humanity will die in this solar system. At least by taking Venus core to power the ship we can leave and continue to advance our technology. We would be able to mine entire planets with the rig they're building so resources would never be a problem, but with how much they are throwing away our limited resources between Mars and Earth they'll never make it this far again. It was the best option. 

"Alright!" I said almost in a trance. "I'm in."