Juan: "Okay, so the civil war is now over?"

DM: "Yeah, nationalist forces have taken over the entire country."

Juan: "Shit... Okay, I go to the local British embassy and tell them I want to become a spy to help fight the Germans."

DM: "Roll persuasion"

Dice were rolled. The two men look at the place where it landed. The private campaign has been going on for quite a long time and they were excited to get to the next part of the story. When the dice stops rolling, it ends on a 3.

DM: "The embassy turns you away."

Juan: "Hm... Okay then. I want to forge some identification papers then."

DM: "Alright then, how do you plan on doing this?"

Juan: "I'll print them."

DM: "Alright then... Roll me an intelligence check to see if you can make the papers the right way."

Juan: "18! Alight!"

DM: "You've printed some fake papers. What kind of identification will it say?"

Juan: "It will say that I am a Spanish diplomat and a fanatical nationalist. With these papers, I'll head to the German embassy and tell them that I really hate the British and that I want to spy on them for the Germans. That'll be another persuasion check, right?"

DM: "Yep. Go ahead and roll."

Juan: "Natural 20! Let's go! This is gonna be fun!"

DM: "As you describe your hate for the British and your position, the german embassy asks you to come in further and you are sent to talk to an army officer. He tells you that you can go to Britain and send the Abwehr letters as soon as you have set up a network. He also hands you a codebook and a pot of invisible ink."

Juan: "Okay... Let's go to the British embassy once more. I want to tell them 'hey, I just became a german spy and I wanna work for you to feed them false information'."

DM: "One more persuasion roll, see if it works."

Juan: "Damnit, a 4."

DM: "They ask you to go away before you finish what you wanted to say, remembering last time, they think you might be insane."

Juan: "Fine then. I'll use the passport I got from the Count and head to Lisbon with my wife. I want to find a hotel there using the money I got from selling the golden necklace."

DM: "Very well, you travel to Lisbon in a few days and find a good hotel to stay in. You'll have to spend 40 gp per night."

Juan: "I pay for thirty nights."

DM: "Alright. What will you do next?"

Juan: "I will head into the Lisbon public library and read every book about the UK I can find, then I will send the Germans my first letter."

DM: "Alright. A few more days pass and you have most of the information you think you need, although you do not know anything out of experience as you've never been to the UK."

Juan: "I'll write my first letter. I wanna say that I got a KLM pilot to smuggle my letters on his plane from London to Lisbon as he thinks that they're love letters. He seems like a trustworthy fellow. Furthermore, I want to give them as much bogus information that I can give them while looking believable."

DM: "You'll have to roll a deception check for that."

Juan: "Natural. Twenty."

DM: "After you send your letter, you get a response from the Germans a few days later saying how delighted they are that you've settled yourself in the UK and congratulate you on the start of your spy network."

Juan: "Now then, it is time to start recruiting people into this network of mine... I want to go out and buy some notebooks."

DM: "I'll say you find a shop that sells writing supplies. A notebook will cost 10 gp a book."

Juan: "I'll buy five notebooks and head back to my hotel room. It's time to fool some germans!"

Juan: "This is going to be so great. I can already see it in the history books. 'Juan Pujol Garcia, the liar-spy with a made up spy network."



This is my first time writing a story like this, it's quite fun, actually!