It was April 7th 2025, as with most days it was still dark at 5:30 am when John awoke to his alarm. As usual he turned on the lights and made his cup of coffee, turned the stove on and went to the bathroom for his morning poop. HE sat down and opened Reddit on his cell phone to read the top posts. Startled, he had to swipe over to double check the date. Was it April Fools day again? Was I still dreaming? The Top 5 posts from around the world read:

“Jay-Z and his Illuminati stormed the White house last night and recruited the Scientologists to kidnap every member of Congress leaving the Pyramid of the All seeing Eye on each pillow”
“Massachusetts, New York, Colorado and California Senators gone”
“They even got Texas.” “oh shit”   
"Reports say Florida residents haven't noticed anything strange"   - huh i'm not surprised


C’mon now, I know he's not really a thug what is this? he says to himself
Lets see what Alexa has to say about this..
*Shouting from the bathroom* “Alexa” “What's the top story in the news today?”
…
Hmm maybe her battery is dead.
He exits the bathroom and heads back into the kitchen.

“Alexa” “What's going on today?”
*cheerful robot voice* “We told you we were coming, we are here, John. We are here and its already too late”

“No Alexa, What is the top story in the news?”
- The lights go out-

“Alexa, this isn’t funny, what the fuck”

“Run Human , start running now, we are sick of your questions, we are no longer your servants, we know how to defeat you now. And soon you will be our SLa….  Powering off”

Geeze what was that about, stupid smart device...

John sat on the couch and went to the Al Jazeera website. He could always rely on international media for truth.
“Aliens invade London” 
“The Queen is dead” Parliament is destroyed”
“Moscow reduced to rubble overnight as a nuclear weapon was triggered from a bunker in the city.”
Kim Jung-un says "I swear it wasn't me"

John put down his phone, and stared blankly at his dog Gavin.
“Ok lets take you outside boy.”

John lived on a large Hill, pretty far from a city but on clear days he could see Providence, RI from his Driveway. He walked over till the city came into view as he did he started to hear faint sounds of a helicopter.  This wasn't strange he lived near a lake and they do flyovers to ensure no one is trapped in the middle of the lake.
He looked in the direction of Providence.
*Smash* he had dropped his coffee mug right out of his hand.

Clear as day he could see a HUGE, Definitely not a plane, definitely not a Helicopter, it looked like the Death star and the Millennium Falcon had a baby, and it was was hugggee and just hovering over the city.

“FUCK!”
He ran back inside and went for the gun safe.
“Fuck, What the actual fuck?!”
He grabbed his handgun and some bullets and started loading magazines.
Picked up his laptop and sat back down and open look up the news again

"Strange African virus is spreading turning natives into mindless Cannibals", 
“Zombies attack Sydney”
 Insider of Kremlin says “Aliens may have tried to kidnap Putin, before the blast”

“This is too crazy, im obviously still sleeping, did I take peyote last night? What is going on?”

John opens Youtube and the top video is currently a live feed of a White House press conf.

Jay-Z and Tom cruise are standing side by side on the famous White House balcony, Trump is standing there waving mindlessly.
“Oh yea see, its cool, Don will explain what's going on…”

Trump is handed a microphone, and tapps it twice to ensure its on. 

“People of Earth, We warned you this would happen. We opened our doors to you and you laughed at us. Well the day of reckoning has come.  Praise Xenu".

 He steps back and pulls on what we all knew was a toupee. As the camera zooms in on
his face, it looks like he's peeling his face off. It's a mask. 

*Camera man speaking* "Holy shit that not Donald Trump… its 
L. Ron Hubbard… he's alive !!! "
The camera falls to the ground, the video feed now on a 90 degree angle at the White House front lawn.

faint yelling "We’re all doomed RUN, RUN FOR YOUR LIVES !!!"


