Everything for many blocks were completely destroyed. Buildings laid in ruins and Lem rolled over with a grunt. He couldn't remember anything else but he knew his name was Lem. What he was doing there and what had happened escaped him but he knew his name was Lem. Standing next to him was a dark haired woman who was sobbing loudly. Not knowing what else to do Lem looked over to her and addressed her.
"Whats wrong?" He asked and immediately regretted it. Lem sounded realized how immensely stupid the question sounded. They were surrounded by scorched earth and ruined buildings, this woman had plenty to be crying about.

"You dont even know my name do you?" She asked. Her face twisted with anguish, mascara running down her cheeks with her tears.

"I'm sorry..." Was all that Lem could muster. He knew he should know her but he didn't he had no recollection of her name or the nature of their relationship. She wiped away her tears and sniffled. She put on a smile that appeared to be extremely labored. 

"Thats the price you pay... The power always comes at a price. The price you just paid was high, but you won, you saved us all." She explained, wiping her eyes again. Thats when Lem noticed the ring on her left hand. He looked down to his own and noticed that he had one on his left hand as well that almost matched. The only difference between the two rings were the fact that the stone in the center of her silver band was violet, and the stone in the center of his was orange.

"Your my wife." Lem said finally trying to give the dark haired woman a reassuring smile, despite the fact he was not entirely sure of his last statement.

"Lem." she sighed and threw her arms around him. She kissed him tenderly on the lips and continued to sob into his shoulder.

"My love, I don't remember your name." Lem said sounding embarrassed. He in fact was, this woman clearly loved him and he didn't know the first thing about her.

"Nia, you call me Nia." She said smiling. Her smile pulled on his heartstrings.

"You seem happy." Lem said confused. 

"I get to make you fall in love with me all over again... I like challenges and I love you. So-" She stopped speaking with the sound of wet tearing. A long curved blade now protruded through her chest and its bloody point stopped inches from Lem's face.
Emerging from what appeared to be invisibility of some sort stood the man holding the blade, his face twisted in a sneer that told of pure hatred. 

"Now die, you little bitch!" He spat and tore the blade from her chest throwing her aside as if she was little more than trash to be discarded. The sneering and clearly wounded bald man turned his attention to Lem.

"And you! You took everything from me! Now I return the favor!" He roared.

Lem had no idea who this man was, or what he was talking about. What he did know was that a power welled up in him. It felt like a serpent made of fire uncoiled itself in his gut. He only new Nia's name and that she was his wife but her death had awakened something in him, a fury that was tangible. Lem on a subconscious level knew that he could take this fury and make it physical. 

"No, now I will take everything from you." Lem spat. Without thinking Lem raised the index finger of his right hand and pointed at the bald man's chest. He then willed the power that was welling up inside of him to punch a hole directly and the point of his finger. Just then he punched a pin-prick sized hole into time and space and in a violent and gory mess the bald man was sucked into it. His body tearing and breaking to small enough pieces to fit into the impossibly small hole. After the blood and gore had all disappeared into the small black dot Lem willed it away.

He blinked twice and looked around terrified. He looked down to see a beautiful dark haired woman laying in his lap, dead and bloody. He jumped to his feet, letting her body fall limply onto the pulverized concrete just under where he had been sitting. He spun around in a full circle to behold a city-scape that looked like it had been bombarded by an airstrike. Where was he? Who was he? and why had this chick deem it necessary to die bloody in his lap? He looked to his hands to see if they were covered in blood like the woman. He was pretty sure he didnt kill her but with how spotty his memory was at the moment he just wanted to be sure. No blood but he had on a ring, on his left hand. He appeared to be married, this filled him with hope.
Maybe, just maybe he could find his wife, and maybe she could tell him who he was, or at least his name.