My eyes were clouded with the liquid from within the pod. Strands of my blonde hair floated in front of my eyes, and it felt like I was underwater in a frozen lake. My uniform, a carbon fibre black with silver details, was completely soaked through. Now I knew why the soldiers had those strange blankets before they got in the pod. The breathing apparatus which had been activated automatically beeped to inform the outside world I was alive and awake. It flashed a bright purple LED. The brain stimulants which had automatically hooked in to provide combat simulations during my sleep disconnected. Due to the facility’s degradation, it was more of a lucid nightmare. 

Out of the translucent pod door, I could make out very dark shapes which glowed with green lights occasionally. They held firearms, and blasted green lights at something out of sight. One of them was cutting open the pod with some strange tool, but it opened on it’s own, which knocked the poor sod over. The liquid splashed out, and the breathing apparatus disconnected. I was pulled out of the pod, and held on my feet. “One of the twelve Knights!” A voice which sounded almost like a robot beetle clicking stated. My eyes were blurry and I couldn’t see well. “Give her the sword!” Another creature shouted. Something was placed into my hand. I could feel a wooden grip. Was this my mop? “Go, Knight! Be our warrior!” I was then shoved down the hallway, which caused me to stumble and fall once more. “Ow,” I grumbled. “Fight!” They clicked, but it was too late. I was being grabbed and taken away by something much larger. “Oh no…” 

When I next awoke, I was in a strange land which was almost entirely white and glowing. It looked almost like a crematorium. There was a crossroads, in the middle of which stood a black Monolith of some kind of smooth stone which was almost reflective. I could see a blindfold over my eyes in it. “You… you’re the janitor?” A voice asked. Turning, I saw one of the super-soldiers. “How the hell? Only the others from Project Necron made it here…” he asked. “I tripped and fell in one of the pods,” I explain. “I thought you were all dead?” A third voice, growling from the heavens, explained; “you are. And you shall join our armies, like every species we have conquered has. Though, *you* weren’t supposed to be here, janitor.” It was then that I considered asking for hazard pay. From who, I don’t know, but I felt like it would’ve been useful. 