In the late 21st century bio science experienced a huge boom with the ability to artificially create stem cells. Like the invention of the combustion engine it was one of those discoveries that ushers in a decade of incredible progress. Discovery after discovery was made in medical regenerative science.

At the centre of it all was a man named Jorg. He had been one of the original team to make that first break through discovery. He had then gone on to create a technology which could 3D print compatible organs to replace any failing organ. Soon enough it was possible not just to replace but improve, using designer organs called Jorgans. With this technology mankind had become functionally Immortal. 

The only organ they could not replace was he brain and an Australian science team had solved that in the early 22nd century while attempting to cure Alzheimer’s. A Jorgan was designed to release an enzyme developed from lobsters which could actively repair DNA. This didn’t work the way intended but did halt the ageing of the brain.

Populations started on a trend of growing in the world again for the first time in many years. People were living longer and could easily chose to have careers, accomplishments and time for a family. Running out of space and with much of the world uninhabitable due to climate change the new immortal humankind set upon a plan to help their world regenerate. The hundred year sleep.

Every 90 years they would go into cryogenic hibernation giving the world time to recover. Jordan’s were created and implanted into the populace that would help the body resist the rigours and recover from a cryogenic hibernation. The new humans would sleep out the time and awake to a world rejuvenated.

Helen flicked off the screen of her PDA having finished the quick pop up lesson on the hundred year sleep. She had heard it all of course but buy in is important so the information came at her in so many different ways. 

She looked down at her waist where a tiny pink mark was all that remained of the surgery scar from yesterday. She was among the last to have the special Jorgans inserted that would help her survive through a hundred years of stasis. 

Could she really be called human anymore? Like all the other humans left she had been heavily modified to survive the rigours of a failing ecosystem. New eyes and skin highly resistant to solar radiation, bones and teeth strengthened by many other minerals than calcium since milk was no longer a viable option and a stomach that could digest and extract nutrients from damn near anything, even tree bark. At least a dozen other Jorgans that would back up and support the organs humans are born with also working away within. Helen tried not to think about it too much or she would feel Squeamish like she should somehow rupture with all that inside her.

Setting aside her PDA she looked out the clear wall to her cell. The facility was vast, built into a huge man made crevasse in the earth. Deep below the thermal generators that powered this great facility cast a warm glow upwards which contrasted with the silver light reflected from the moon down from the top of the crevasse. In the dark space between these glows lights were coming on, haphazardly, all along the other wall as others woke from their last natural sleep in a century. 

“Rise and shine” she said to no one in particular as she watched the show and thought of the Christmas lights of her childhood. 

“3 hours till commencement.”

Helen grated at the robotic voice from the tannoy, she hated that her fate was in the hands of an automated facility for the next century. Machines were built by people so no matter how far technology had come, they were fallible. The law was the law however. With barely 500 million human beings left in the inhabitable areas of the planet the world governments to the survival of the race and the planet very seriously. She headed to breakfast wondering if she’d be able to snag anything fresh today or if her last breakfast for a century would be reconstituted.

...

“15 minutes to commencement”

The intervals were shorter now and she was waiting in her pod. Helen looked around and recognised none of the other faces in her circle of machines. There were two families who had arrived together and the rest had been like her; arriving on their own. She had eyed up and smiled at one cute androgyn that had arrived solo but they appeared nervous and had shut their eyes as soon as they were seated in the pod. She briefly considered crossing the space and starting a conversation with them but decided it would just add to their stress levels and didn’t want to risk disturbing 100 years of dreamland.

“5 minutes to commencement”

This was it, she had a brief thrill of panic as the lid to the pod slowly closed around her. She fought the urge to push against the lid knowing it would only earn her a blast of sleep inducing gas. Across the circle she saw the cute andro lose their battle with panic and be gassed to sleep shortly after.

“Commencement in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1”

In all the pods around her the windows started to grow opaque as the moisture in the outside air started to freeze to the pod exteriors. She watched eyes close in sleep all around while the lights dimmed both in and out of the pods. It took only a moment for Helen to realise her pod was not behaving in the same manor.

Panic filled her and she undid her buckles reaching for the emergency release. The pod sprung open and she scrambled out into the darkness. She let her enhanced eyes acclimatise to the scant light available from the pods manual controls and she made her way towards the exit.

In her room she found the power and controls still worked, she looked out the window, searching for any other signs of life, however the harsh light of the sun filled the crevasse and washed everything the same bright yellow.

“Incoming call” came the soft Irish voice she had selected for her PDA “Number not recognised, would you like me to answer Helen?”

Helen scrambled over to the PDA even as she called out “Yes”. This could be the only other human awake on the planet.

A kindly round face appeared on the screen. “Good day Helen, pleased to meet you.” 

“I’d like to reciprocate the sentiment but I have to say this situation is making me rather nervous!” Helen replied, not bothering to ask his name. It was a face she recognised very well. 

“My name, you may realise is Jorg. You are the last of six I have called upon for a special team. We have important work ahead of us.”

Helen looked at the smiling man skeptically. “I’m dreaming aren’t I I just didn’t notice it when I fell asleep.”

Jorg’s soft chuckle made Helen think of her Grandmother. “I understand your disorientation. I’ve messaged you directions to a nearby transport pad. We are on our way to pick you up.”
...

The ship hovered smoothly into the vast loading vault and made its way to her transport pad. It was scarred and marked as though it had been through a dust storm in the wastes. As it settled down its rotors came to a stop and robotic arms automatically reached out with charging cables to replenish its batteries. 

The door to the battered ship came open and the crew stepped out. They were all wearing civilian clothing and  had varying levels of modification. Jorg was at the centre of them and looked like a dwarf amongst his modified comrades. His body was undoubtably heavily modified also but he had clearly opted to keep the appearance he had grown into, even going so far as to retain his receding hairline.

“Have you packed all your things? We won’t be coming back to this place for a century!” 



