Steel fury is three meters deep and six wide, with a long nose that demands blood. She changes to suit the occasion --a snow mobile on white days, no top when the suns out, and in-car heating when it's cold. Today we play a Pinocchio game, I lie that I'm brave enough and hop inside the tank. The shiver of metal as the hatchet closes is enough to set any man's blood cold. I wade through fear made mud, a substance the eye can't see, and then press shaky hands to the controls.

"Good morning Joseph, please name the coordinates to your location," her soothing robotic voice asks. 

Coordinates. Coordinates. There's a reason I failed fifth grade social science and didn't take it back up in college. On one hand, I didn't give two hoots about whether latitude or longitude took you up or upside down, and by the time I was old enough google maps had come out. "Can't I just strap you to my MyPhone?" I asked the Tank. 

"Of course," the tank said, "however, you may want to strap yourself to some Kevlar then, Gps's are often filled with surprises." 

A condescending tank, how fortunate. I googled the coordinates and tapped those babies in before sitting back and watching auto-drive. The tank drew glances as we rolled down street, like I had a certain importance, a power beyond the normal man. People pointed, some even snapped photographs when we stopped at the city lights, and it wasn't long before I pitched up in my office complex lot. 

A good morning indeed. 

I hopped out and straightened my work suit in the luke warm breeze. It was a great start to a day that could have gone awry. I'd be known as that 'cool guy' around town, at least for a while. 

"A x-2 50b," Darren, a work colleague, said as he stalked over with briefcase in hand, "that's old school even for you, Joseph." 

I suddenly wished I could get back in and give the long nose the blood it demanded. 

"I'll have you know I was the talk of the town today," I said, "a classic morph car like this is what gets you the looks." 

Darren chuckled and swiped the air in front, bringing up his Myphone hologram. "You're a funny guy, that's for sure." He pushed the hologram toward me. 

The headline: *man drives tank with Hitler puppy boxer-briefs as flag,* scrolled past. 

I glanced back and sure enough my nylons were blowing in the wind. 

"It's why I picked the helicopter option." Darren pointed at the chopper in a parking space. He walked toward the office door. "Should be a good morning." 

I knew something was off. I sighed and followed inside, preparing to take whatever vitriol came my way. 







