'Where the Hell am I?'

I guess I made the remark aloud as I reached for the long hand helping me to my feet. I looked up and made eye contact... 'Morgan Freeman?' 

"Why do so many white people see me as Morgan Freeman? Unimportant. Where you are isn't important, just think of it as a waiting room. All you need to do is have a quick conversation and we'll be on our way," he continued down the stairs and opened a door. "The person you hurt the most needs a word or two."

Suddenly I felt as though I was cresting the peak of a roller coaster. My whole body was lurching as my stomach dropped. I hadn't spoken to my Mom in years and I had drug my ex through Hell, what was I going to say... Man I looked good, are my eyes really that bloodshot?

'It's just a mirror,' I turned around to a blank wall.

"I'm not a mirror."

I shot back around, terrifyingly confused as... I walked towards me. 

"Where the Hell am I? What is going on?" I stammered as the confidence waned in my voice.

"You hurt me. Everyday. When you looked in the mirror and hated what looked back. When you drank your problems away. When you alienated everyone that meant something to me. When you lied. When you killed..."

My tongue was sandpaper. Words were a far off impossibility. 'I didn't kill,' I thought, but I never said it.

"Do you know how hard it was to be me?!" The sound was somewhere between a yell and cry, "Every damn day. I was alone. Through all of the torment and hate and anger. I was alone. Cooped up in some internal prison you concocted for me to wilt and die with every drink you forced down my throat. I WAS ALONE."

He towered over me... I towered over me.

"YOU crushed HER. YOU abandoned MOM. YOU ruined... everything." His voice softened, the heartbreak evident, "I was supposed to do something. I was supposed to make a difference. Everyone saw my potential... and now I'm just... just gone."

I closed my eyes. He couldn't get to me like this. 'You don't exist.'

"No I don't. Not anymore."

I slowly glanced back towards the mirror. It was a mirror. My eyes really were that blood shot, but I did not look as good as I had originally decided. My hair and face were ratty an unkempt. My pants torn, shirt stained red, shoe missing. I looked ill.

'Am I dead?'

A wave of realization overtook me. For a moment I felt panic... But then, I felt peace. The expectations were gone. I was free.

'I'm Dead.'

Mr. Freeman was suddenly there again helping me to my feet, "there it is," he said. His eyes were red too. But not in the teary, sleep-deprived way mine had appeared. His had almost a glow behind them. "One more question," he continued.

All I can remember was driving. Oh God. Was I drunk. Did I hit someone. I looked at the red lump on the side of his head as we continued down the staircase. I choked the words out '...how?'

"Always the same question." He smiled. A smile that shook me to my very core. I suddenly felt warm. I didn't want this answer anymore. I was sweating and gasping for air. 

"You shot yourself."