Kicking rocks. That's about all there is to do around Mars outside of the colony. I have been told by the SpaxeEx Executives that one error in my correctional sentence mission could lead to permanent banishment from the domicle which is certain death. I regret ever going off planet to this God forsaken place. The worst part is that I'm all alone out here.
 
I was sent to collect samples from a research site located two Earth days South of the dome. Needless to say, if it wasn't a corrections mission, they would have given me a rover. I was exhausted by the time I got to the research station. I collected the samples and headed inside the now empty crew quarters. I turned on the power and removed my helmet. Time for some R and R. I couldn't have been more wrong

In the middle of my sleep I was awoken by banging at the door. "A research team isn't due here for another two months" I mumbled as I turned on the outside camera. It looked familiar. I was curious so I opened the doors and it immediately zoomed inside. I recognized it soon enough as it's camera lens focused on me.
        Curiosity
I was trying to make since of the whole situation when the thing just started to beep. "Beep beep beep beep beep beep." It said
"What?" I replied
The thing beeped louder and faster. 
"calm down" I said.
It appeared to beep in sequence so I began recording it and letting my wrist control attempt to translate it. 
"Fuck You" was what my translator echoed. "That has to be some sort of mistake." I said
Then it beeped again and my translator spoke along with it. "F U C K Y O U"
"Well you came to me" I said.
"Because Person" it shot back"
"Hate Person" rang the translator.
"So your going to kill me or something" I laughed.
"No, will show important" said Curiosity. "Then Kill"

This thing drug me 2 hours away from the station to show me it's "trophies". 
Rovers, dozens of the bastards all torn and shredded in a single pile.
"Your a blood thirsty little devil aren't you" I sputtered.
"All morons. Won't speak" said Curiosity.
"Well you didn't have to kill them" I replied.
"Not kill anymore. you keep company" it beeped slowly.
I actually felt bad for it. 
"This rock makes us all a little crazy freind." I said meaning every word.

I returned to the dome with Curiosity. I was accepted  with the samples and praised for finding a long lost space relic.
Curiosity was soon given a translator implant so it could talk in English. The thing won't shut up. I regret bringing that thing here. I'm going back to Earth as soon as the next ship arrives. Fuck Mars



