She would be coming in any second now. Death looked around his office, making sure everything was presentable. He caught a glance of himself in the mirror and fixed his own posture, and slaps himself lightly on the forehead a second later. Why was he so nervous? It was just another girl! Still though, there's something about her...

The single door in the room opens. A petite, light-skinned woman, maybe 45 years old, with hair of dark curls enters as Death tries to make himself look busy. He looks up at her and their eyes lock. She is terrified, naturally, but as beautiful as she has been every time she's come through Death's door. Death notices a small tattoo of a mandala on her forearm, and can't help but smile.

"Hello there... Tiana, was it?" Death had actually known her new name since she had left his office 42 years ago but maybe it would be creepy if he was already certain of her name but he IS Death so maybe it would help with the whole drama thing he's got going on but he doesn't want her to be too scared and 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...

"Yes" the girl blurts out.

"Very well. Let me explain what's happening: you are here because you've died in a car accident, I'm afraid. From here, you'll either return to the living as a different person, or you'll stay with me for the rest of eternity. You don't have the choice, of course, we're flipping a coin." Death picked up a golden quarter-sized coin from his desk and showed the first side to the mortified girl across the room. "Heads." It was the human skull with curled horns jutting from the forehead. Death turned the coin so that the girl could see the other side. "Tails." She squinted to make out the faded pentagram etched into the coin. "You have the call," Death said with an attempted friendly smile.

Tiana took a second. "Heads?"

Death flipped the coin, and caught it with a tight fist. He opened his hand and saw the pentagram in his palm. He looked at the terrified girl across the room, dying from anxiety to learn the outcome. She could be his for eternity. But if he took her, he thought, he would never again see her face come around the office door, always a different age or a different tone, but without a doubt the same beautiful soul.

Death put his hand down, keeping the coin hidden.

"You're a lucky girl. You have been, for a long time." Take the elevator back up to the ground floor. The front desk can help you in returning to the living, as well as deciding your age. I'll see you next time."

The girl rushed out of the office for the 64th time. She had actually lost the coin toss 33 times now, and today's was the fourth in a row. Death sighed, and returned to his paperwork.