“I think I’m ready,” I said, my breathing shallow. 21 years. For 21 years, I couldn’t see anything but static.

Dr. Vance’s footsteps came closer to where I sat up on the bed. Then, her hands were near my face, just above my temple. “Okay. Keep your eyes closed for a moment; I don’t want to poke you or anything.”

The tension of the bandage became slack, and I felt the material slink over my cheekbones and curl over my ears. Dr. Vance carefully removed the last of any medical residue around my eyes, and I could hardly contain my excitement, even with them closed.

There was *light.* So much light. A shadow-- my doctor's-- moved as she cleaned my face.

“I think--” I stuttered, my throat constricting, “I think it worked.”

“Yeah?” she asked, and I could hear the grin in her words. My heart was beating out of my chest. “Whenever you’re ready. Take it slow.”

As soon as her hands retreated, I did so. At first, everything was blurry-- but there were... *things.* It wasn’t just darkness; it was a landscape of contrast, shapes, color. I blinked a few times and felt my jaw drop. For the first time in my life, I was looking someone in the eye. I had *vision.*

Dr. Vance watched me as I processed everything. Even without knowing what it was like to see all these years, I could read her facial expression as excitement. She was very pretty, too. Her lips curled into a small smile as my mouth opened and closed a few times. All around her were little visual vibrations-- cute, shiny blips. And her eyes-- her eyes *crinkled* as she smiled.

“Oh my God,” I said, unable to stop my emotions from overwhelming me.

My doctor let out a small laugh through her nose, her teeth bright. “I’m guessing the operation was a success?” she asked, her tone light.

“Y-yes,” I said, and I watched the blips around her as they flitted into nothingness.

“That is fantastic. I just want to do a quick evaluation before we move forward,” she said, reaching over for a clipboard on her desk. I watched the sway of her jacket and heard the creaking of her chair. “Are you feeling okay, still?”

“Um,” I breathed. I wasn’t really sure if I was. “They sting, but it’s not horrible. I’m okay.”

Dr. Vance nodded and smiled at me again. I stared at her, transfixed by the trail of light that followed her movement. The blips slowed down then, and less of them came from her figure. I blinked a few times and looked down at my own self, noticing the same effect-- mine were darker, though, and swirled.

I waved my hand in front of me and watched the blur of particles follow behind. In seconds, they were gone-- but I could still tell something had been there.

Dr. Vance had stopped writing on her clipboard. I met her eyes, and I could tell she was worried.

“What do you see?” she probed, her look turning intense.

“I’m not sure what it is.”

She sat up straighter in her chair, obviously concerned, and that’s when I saw her shadow-- or, whatever it was. Maybe shadow wasn’t the right word. Her illuminated silhouette moved independently from her body-- I watched as it walked away from her entirely and twirled around the room, like a ballet dancer.

“Remy?”

I stared as it looped around the room and finally stopped in front of where I sat. It bowed, gracefully, and then returned to its place behind my doctor. A free spirit.

“I’m fine,” I said, and put on the best smile I could muster. “I’m just overwhelmed, I think.”

Dr. Vance squinted at me, and I felt the energy in the room shift slightly. She seemed to come to a decision in her mind and sent me another smile. “How about you get some rest? We’ll do this later. I’m so happy for you, kid.”

“Me too.”