What else do I have to live for. My parents have passed, my dog got put down, my friends don't seem to care, and my fiance broke up with me. The good old days are behind me and I'm too tired to start again. What does put a smile on my face though is messing with this nurse. She doesn't seem to know that I know she's the angel of death. She's pretty bad at hiding it, I don't know how she got away with it for so long. No amount of french perfume can truly hide the smell of sulfur and death. She is hot though... oh here she comes again. 

The door creaks open and a curious eye peeks around the corner.

"Son of a..." spits the Angel.

"Hello my love!" Exclaims the patient. He could barely choke back a laugh.

"Mr. Aaronson. You seem surprisingly well." Says the Angel stumbling in. She drops some medicine from her tray and let's out a long sigh. 

"Careful there, wouldn't want to get hurt now do we." Says the patient.

"Nothing hurts more than this." She says under her breath.

"What was that?" 

"Nothing, it's time to take your medicine again."

The angel slams her tray onto his bedside table.

"Hmm, not in a good mood today huh?"

He could see the angel visibly shaking as she plops out the dosages, a little too much of every pill. She hands him the first one. 

"What is this one now?"

"Hyperthanadrol..."

"Smells like rat poisen. You know I never swallow these, why do you keep trying?"

"Sir I can't force you to take this medicine, but it is for your own good."

"These pills will be the death of me. And so will you."

The Angel's scowling face widens, her eyes dilate, and a thin sheen of sweat forms on her forehead. 

"I, uh, don't be ridiculous Mr. Aaronson."

"My name's Paul, you can call me Paul." 

"I can assure you there's nothing wrong with your medicine Mr Aaronson so if you'd please just take it, I have to get another patient her meds right now."

"Right now right now?"

"Yes."

"Because I thought we could sit down and have a little chat first before I swallow rat poisen and shed my mortal coil. It's the least you could do."

The Angel's silence was almost deafening. She had never been caught before, let alone be toyed around like some child. Maybe she was losing it. 

"...you...you knew all this time?"

"Yeah, but I didn't want to presume."

The Angel's shock quickly turns to rage.

"You asshole, I wasted so much time filling out reverification forms!"

"I don't know. I wasn't ready to go yet, but I guess it's time I moved on." 

Paul looks out the window. The cars seem to pass by faster now. Every now and then he'd get glimpses of families laughing on their way somewhere or couples with their arms wrapped around each other. That was not for him, not anymore. He saw motorcycle speed by.

"You know, back in the good old days I used to ride one of those."

He looked back at the Angel. Her scowl was gone, replaced by a soft smile. 

"It feels as though you've taken me on a ride."

"I did enjoy your company. I really did."

"Not a lot of times have I heard people say that to me."

Paul nods.

"And not many times has anybody ever been so clever either. I gave you 2 days at most."

"I'm full of surprises." 

"Are you now?"

"You single by any chance?"

The angel scoffs. 

"Actually recently yes. Why?"

Paul swallows the pill.

"Me too." 




