"So, this is how it all ends." I thought to myself as I was stuck in the elevator. I took another hit off of my cigarette.

It had been a completely ordinary day at work in NYC, other than a longer than usual team meeting. Then, this. Stuck  in the elevator for 2 hours. I had already called maintenance through the elevator, and they said they should have me out in about 2 hours.

Well, 2 hours later, the elevator starts moving. It goes all the way to ground level, and the doors open. I take one step out... then freeze.

The lobby looks cleaner, brighter, like it had someone cleaning it every day.  I looked around. People looked... different. I couldn't tell you what was different about the clothing people were wearing. 

I looked closer at one gentleman. He was walking and holding a small, black rectangle. The man was touching the rectangle in specific ways that looked alien to me. 

I walked out of the elevator, and notice the smell next. Nobody had smoked in this place for years, obviously. I stepped closer to another person, who has a similar black rectangle. On the front of it, I saw a super bright screen, with no discernible pixels. The screen was showing a map

As I continued watching, the man pinched the screen, and the map *zoomed in*. I gasped audibly. "Where am I!?" I thought. I looked around again. It seemed everybody had one of these rectangle screens, but some looked bigger than others, while some had slightly different designs. I saw a few people holding them up to their ears, others were laughing at whatever was on the screen, others were watching some kind of TV, and others were obviously using these rectangles as cameras, taking pictures of various objects around the lobby.

"Where is the camera?" I thought to myself, staring at one of these rectangles. I took a second to size up what I was looking at, and decided the best thing to do would be to just go up to the front desk and ask what the hell was going on.

I could see that the person manning the front desk was also on one of those rectangles.

"Uh... Hello?" I said to him. He looked up from his device.

"Hi, how may I help you today?" He replied. I looked over at his computer. It seemed impossible: It was too thin, too compact to fit anything useful inside, yet he was still apparently using it productively, given the spreadsheet present on the monitor.

"Uh... What's the day today" I asked.

"Oh, It's November 25th, 2018.". I stopped. 2018? Have I been transported into the future? That would explain all this technology I'm seeing...

"Listen" I said, hoping he would believe me. "I'm from the year 1999, and I just came out of this elevator and now I'm here, in 2018... Do you know what happened? I'm seeing all these crazy technologies like that black rectangle you have in your hand. What is that, anyway."

He gave me a disbelieving look, but answered me anyway. "No sir... You say you're from 1999, and that elevator took you to 2018. I'm holding an iPhone, if you've never seen one before. These new phones replace a lot of older technology: They function as phones, TV's, cameras, tape measures, video calls, GPS', and so many other things."

He noticed I was acting amazed. "Yep, things have changed in 19 years. I'm still not sure if I believe you but I'll roll with your story, welcome to 2018!"

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

(I really love this prompt, you could do so much with it! This is my first time writing on this sub, any and all feedback is appreciated!