This is my first WP entry, I'll just wing it. I'm terribly inconsistent with past and present tense, so I'm very sorry.

---

I remember seeing her at the train tracks down the street from my apartment. I had to walk across them every time I needed to shop for groceries and unlike most pedestrians it stuck out because the tracks are just so out of the way, on their way up to an overpass and having quite a steep drop on both sides. I took it just because it was the shortest route, and not necessarily easiest on the legs, on my way to and from the local Walmart, but most would rather go around to the proper sidewalk entrance if they didn't have a bike or car.

She was quite attractive, no supermodel or anything but she had a nice genuine look to her. Curly bright red hair (almost certainly dyed, I wondered for a second what type of bleach she used or if she had naturally light hair) , a good foot shorter than me, the more cute variety of chubby, the whole deal. To be honest, to just say she was attractive wouldn't mean much to those who know me; I tend to find myself attracted to most women in general, be it just low standards or non-specific tastes. If anything, though, I was just envious of her. Man, what I would give to look like her.

I tended to keep my head down when passing people. Didn't want to attract too much attention from anyone when I'm out on my own like this, and I didn't really have much reason to stop and say anything to her, but she waved at me as I passed, and I waved back. She almost seemed to jump a bit when she saw me raise my hand to waive, but composed herself and smiled afterwards, piping up with a quiet "You doin' okay?"

"Yeah," I sighed. "Just grabbing some food and stuff for the night before it gets too dark." I tried to keep my voice in acceptable range but knew that it was obvious that I wasn't fooling anyone, least of all her.

"Hmmm, that all?" she inquired, cocking her head slightly to the side. Maybe I detected concern, or curiosity? Maybe she's just looking to screw with me. I really wasn't in the mood for it but I didn't have the nerve to eject myself from a conversation I had just started, however minor and casual. Too gripped with anxiety to be rude or anything like that. "You normally take the tracks to the supermarket?"

Having casually passed her, I turn around and slowly walk backwards, minding my step to ensure I didn't tumble down the steep incline, hoping to get a reasonable distance away where she might end the conversation herself. "Yeah," I say, a little louder to compensate for the distance and the wind, knowing the volume isn't doing me any favors. "I live right down the street so it's basically a straight shot without going through the bushes, and I don't exactly wanna bring a machete with me so I can cut through foliage." I smile, hoping to properly help indicate that I intended that last comment about the machete as a joke and hope that it didn't come off as a sort of 'creepy axe murderer wierdo' vibe, although to be honest, at least that would probably get her to leave me alone.

Unfortunately not though, as she starts walking with me after smiling at my joke and I turn around to be able to see where I am going. "It's not tough on your knees or anything?" she questions aside to me.

"Nah," I groan, knowing that she totally saw me wincing slightly this whole time with each step down. "I mean yeah, but my mom has arthritis, so it could be worse, right? Count your blessings or whatever?"

She raised an eyebrow. I really hope I didn't weird her out over bringing up dark stuff like that. People tend to get put off by stuff like casually bringing up illness and such. "That's... an interesting way to look at things..."

Yup, definitely weirded her out.

I was surprised, and frankly quite terrified, when she grabbed my by the shoulder and turned me around.

"Listen," she said, worry in her tone and in her face. "Take a different route home tonight."

She released her hand from my shoulder and instantly turned around, walking away up the hill. I quickly turned around, put my head down with my hair covering my face, and kept walking towards the store. Already this trip was quite uncomfortable, I wasn't looking forward to what was next.

In the store I made a beeline towards frozen foods, and instantly grabbed four frozen pizzas. It was about all I lived on nowadays. I just didn't have the energy or the money to make anything else that I couldn't stick in the microwave, and ramen made me gag. Just gripping the boxes in one hand, I made my way over to the makeup section.

It was always a nightmare looking through here. I was a total lost cause when it came to any sort of cosmetics, but I needed them to get by so I would oftentimes just buy things and pray to god that it was actually what I needed when it's time to use it. I take a few moments to browse and hear some giggling and talking from across the walkway, by the registers. A quick side glance shows that it's two dudes I kinda-sorta recognize from my high school last year. Maybe I've seen one of them at work or something. When they see me look over, they giggle and say some more things. My ears are especially perceptive to the words 'fag' at this point so I quickly understand what they are laughing about. I blindly grab some sort of foundation off the shelf and quickly walk towards the self checkout, and luckily the two assholes don't decide to follow. Last thing I need are people following me home again, fucking with me and finding out where I live.

Of course the self checkout terminal glitches and thinks I didn't put something I scanned down in the bagging area, and I have to get a clerk to clear it up. The clerk keeps a noticeable distance from me and avoids looking at me. I wouldn't have noticed this sort of body language a year or two ago, but now it feels just as clear as words written on a page. I finish my transaction and leave with my single plastic bag, regretting that I didn't get soda but glad things weren't much worse than they could have been.

I remember the request from the red haired girl to take a different route home but I'm in a hurry so I don't pay it any mind. I look over at the tracks as I walk beside them and wonder if it would hurt if I laid on them and just waited. I decide I don't really want to die in this outfit, which I know is a sorry excuse, and walk the rest of the way home uneventfully. I cook a pizza, stay up about four more hours playing Halo 4 on the shittiest TV in the world and fall asleep, neglecting to set my alarm for work but hoping I get up in time that it won't matter.

---

It's past midnight, and I roll my wheelchair out of the motel room and just look at the highway. It's been a long couple of days, I've had to interact with a lot of people I hadn't seen in years (for good reason), many that I plain didn't want to see regardless, and the circumstances didn't exactly help much either.

The sky is a dark blue. Hard to see the stars when the motel light are so bright. I'm still recovering from my breakdown. The last time I physically saw my dad before this week was years ago when he was trying to get me arrested on bullshit, made up charges. To go from that experience to having to inform him of and confide in him about a serious trauma I experienced feels jarring, looking back at everything. I occasionally let out a moan and I let the last bit of tears out, hoping I don't wake anybody next door up.

I can actually see my old apartment from where I'm sitting if I roll about five feet over. Four years since I started living there. Never actually finished my first year's lease, but nobody ever called me to collect and it never showed up on my credit score as far as I know.

To be honest, even if they did try to collect now, it couldn't make things much worse.

I thought about trying to go to the Taco Bell across the street; I used to go to it all the time when I lived here. Not even a 30 second walk, it was cheap and good to go to on lunch breaks or if I needed a pick-me-up, but I figured that my current state wouldn't fare well with ordering a meal right now.

To be honest, I just wanted to go back home right now. I left this place for a reason.

"You okay dude?"

I scream out "JESUS CHRIST" and nearly fall out of my wheelchair, turning to see a red haired woman leaning against the motel wall next to my open door.

"Sorry, man, didn't mean to freak you out there or anything," she said, not seeming to respond to my exclamation of surprise with any visible motion. Her eyes seemed tired and weary, almost like she didn't have the energy to react. "You doin' okay?"

"Yeah, you just snuck up on me is all," I gasped, grasping my chest and making controlled breaths to keep my heart rate in check. "Gave me a bit of a scare."

I took another look at her. She seemed crazy familiar, but I couldn't put my tongue on it.

"Do I know you? I have a pretty terrible memory these days."

"I hope so," she says. "I think we talked for a bit a few years ago over down that way." She points towards the train tracks. "Haven't seen you around for a while, figured you left for college or something. Visiting your folks?"

"You could say that," I chuckled, grimly. "Brother died in a crash a few weeks ago. Flew in for his funeral yesterday."

"Oh," she muttered. "How old was he?"

"Twenty. He was a little less than two years behind me. Just got in a stupid race with his friends or something."

"Were you close?"

1/2