Lockheed is a beautiful creature and such a good boy. He doesn't look friendly but he really wouldn't hurt a fly. There is one flaw to being a princess that owns a dragon however, it's only a small thing - and Lockheed is definitely worth it - but I am getting quite sick of the knights who try their darndest to kill him.   


The sun, was shining brightly today, Lockheed does love the sun, he doesn't get out much. People see a dragon and get rather startled, say some things they shouldn't, shoot a couple of arrows and hurt my poo boy.  A shadow crawled it's way along the wall. *oh boy.*  


"Fear not fair maiden, I have come to save you from this gruesome creature." He stood there, in his plate armour glistening in the sun. His sword, impossibly large, and unwieldy in two hands, somehow held in one, the other hand holding a shield bearing two lions wielding swords themselves.   


I prepared myself to speak in the proper tone that I was taught was appropriate for the situation.  I sighed.  


"My dear sir, you have misread the situation. I am here of my own accord. Lockheed - the dragon, is my friend, he means no harm."  


"Alas," He said to - himself I suppose " It is worse than I had feared, this beast has put you under a spell. "No worry, the spell shall fade once this monster is dead, and then I shall be paid, and we shall wed." Then he gasped.    
"*Ooh I like that fade and paid, dead and wed.*  I shall be sure to tell the bards to do something with that."

&#x200B;

"oh, good" I whispered underneath my breath. "This one is full of himself and he wants to marry me.  


&#x200B;

&#x200B;

He strode up to the Lockheed, sword in hand raising it above him to strike. I dashed forward, drawing my own blade, and intercepted the blow.   


"Sir, you shall not hurt Lockheed. He does not wish to harm you." I dropped the princess tone. "But if you try that again, let it be known that I do not have no qualms about it.  


"Your highness" He gasped. Then he steadied himself. "You do not know what you are doing. Do not ruin this for me, this is my big moment. Now." He cracked his neck and got into a stance. "Stand aside.  


"No."  


He feinted left, and dived right, catching me off-guard. He drove his sword into Lockheed's tail. The dragon let out a roar of pain, sending smoke and fire into the cave, I twisted around, trying not to let the smoke get into my eyes. Right then, playtime's over.  


Behind his helmet the knight has a wide smile. Apparently this was going to be easier than he thought. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the princess moving towards him.  


"Time to let the knight know who he's dealing with." I thought.   


I lunged at him and he deflected the blow, bashing at me with his shield. Rolling out of the way, I stomped at his knee, he winced in response twisting onto it awkwardly. He slashed wildly at me with his sword. I blocked it but the strength behind it, and out weight difference. Knocked me back.  


He got to his feet, and shifted into a different stance, this one more defensive. I'd proven to be more of a problem than he was anticipating and that meant he had to be cautious.  


He slashed lazily, and I ducked under it, stepping in to close the distance and got a face full of shield as a reward. Now I was on the back foot. He swept low and I stepped back, he continued the manoeuvre  and took a swing at me with a spinning back fist. I blocked it, and kicked out catching him in the chest. He took it and laughed.

 OK, I need to stop kicking people in solid armour, it never works. I feinted a step back, he moved in closer and i rolled under a loose swipe. Moving behind him, I stomped on the back of his leg, he winced and twisted with it, landing awkwardly. I drove the pommel into the back of his head concussing him.  He fell flat onto his stomach.   


"You're going to leave now and not come back. I need some time away from the castle. I need some relaxation time, I'm sick of all the politics. I just want- oh, you're unconscious aren't you. Typical." 