I stared at the blood dripping from my finger, shocked. I'd always tried to be good-- always volunteered, always helped people I saw that were in need. I around at the other patrons in the coffee shop I sat in, but nobody seemed to notice someone as old as I, hunched over in a back corner. I brought my withered finger to my lips. Even in the war, I had never been injured, and I cursed my clumsy hands for giving me such a terrible realization. Have I ever been truly good, or was I just always play-acting as my heart grew more bitter over the years? 

I worked as a medic in the war, while my brother fought on the field. The day they brought him into my tent still haunts me, his tortured eyes pleading me for death. I managed to keep him alive long enough to send him home, where he died a few days later. They awarded him with the purple heart, which we chose to bury with him at Arlington National Cemetery. 

"Sir?" I glanced up from my drink and looked into the eyes of a young man; a businessman, judging by the look of his attire. He towered over me, staring at me with his blue eyes. They pierced through me. I took my finger from my mouth and brought it shakily to my lap. He smiled knowingly. There was something... Strange about this man, something terrifying in his smile. 

He sat across from me, leaning over the small table. He smelled like death and there was a strange flatness to his eyes, like gemstones glimmering in the light. "I know what you've done," he whispered to me, tapping the old ring on my finger. I withdrew, clenching my fists together. The pain from the arthritis brought tears to my eyes and the action seemed to bring him pleasure. I didn't speak. 

"You can't forget forever, old man," he said. I shook my head slowly.

 "You know nothing," I whispered hoarsely. I was fearful of this man, but I was not enough of a coward to hide such fear. 

"Your memory is not what it used to be, but there are some things you cannot truly forget."

My hands were burning from the pain. I unclenched them, slowly, and watched them quiver in my lap. The small cut seemed to have grown larger, black ooze crusted over it like small rocks blocking a flood. "Who... Who are you?"

His smile grew larger. "I am the dog that followed your brother into war, the vulture that circled over your little tent as you tried to save his life. I was the bloodthirst in his eyes, and yours when you tried to avenge his death. I am Ares, the god of war. You humans have fought meaningless wars across time, both against others and against yourselves. I see the war you've waged for years in your heart." 

"You-You're crazy!" I spluttered. "I don't know what you're talking about. I never fought in the war!"

The man--Ares-- winked at me. "I never said you fought in the war. You never stopped trying to avenge your brother, did you? Your rage consumed you, and no matter how many people you killed, it could never fill the hole in your heart, or quench your thirst for blood."

*No... He's wrong. I've always been good. I've alwaysbeengoodI'vealwaysbeen-*

I clutched my head. "No..." I whispered. 

"Aaah, I see you remember now. Such a terrible thing for you to do. All those men that looked like your brother, their bodies scattered throughout the countries you forged a path of fire in. You never saved a soul again after his death. All these years spent in your delusions."

The cut on my finger had reopened, dripping blackened blood over my eye. It burned, but I could not move. 

Ares focused on the blood. "Ah, the curse of Erinyes," he murmured. "It has changed over the years, but still brings misfortune to people like you. Your physical ailments, your unexplained illnesses..."

He touched my forehead, wiping away some of the blood. I flinched. Ares examined it, then wiped it on my shirt. 

"You are dying," he told me. "The Fates will it-- but it will be a slow and painful death, a descent into madness further than you have ever gone. You will age until your skin turns to paper and your bones to dust."

*No... I will end my own life before that happens.* 

He smirked again. "I can see in your eyes what you are thinking, but you will not be able to. The Maniae will see to that."

*Nononononononono-*

"Goodbye, Jonathan Stone. Your final punishment is upon you."

He disappeared in a flash of fire and ash, leaving me frozen at the table. It seemed that nobody had witnessed what had transpired. The sun still shined through the window and others still milled around the shop; but suddenly, they all had their eyes on me.

*Disgusting old man... look at the color of his blood.*

*How is he still alive? He is so old and feeble.* 

*He needs to be punished for his crimes.* 

*Evilmanevilmanevilman-*

I screamed. The hat I had been knitting turned to a skull in my hands, grinning at at me grotesquely, and blackened blood oozed down the walls, choking me with the stench of death. 

I was back at the battlefield, staring into my brother's eyes, but this time his eyes radiated hatred instead of pain.

"Monster," he gurgled. *"MONSTER."*

I stabbed him, over and over, shrieking and crying. I couldn't stop, and he wouldn't die-- his cries only grew stronger and louder with each blow.

This is hell.

\*\*\*\*

*"Breaking news: Jonathan Stone, aged 88, has been charged with 26 counts of murder when he attacked the patrons of Cathedral Coffee and the surrounding area. There were no survivors. Police were dumbfounded when they arrived at the scene, and shot Stone multiple times in the chest when he attempted to attack them. This is the largest killing spree Oregon has ever seen. Stone survived the onslaught and is currently at Oregon State Hospital in critical condition. He is said to have been semi-conscious the entire time, but that information has not been confirmed."*  