The crowd began their applause.  He shuffled in his chair, somewhat nervously, with the years beginning to take their toll, and he knew that they'd taken a risk.  The Danish girl?  10 years ago he would have never thought of it, but he knew the longer it went on the harder it would be to deny Leo.  He was constantly evolving, the order had to as well.

The hostess had already reached the second nomination.  He could feel the sweat dripping down now.  From the corner of his eye, it was clear that Gregory was shifting his weight.  The men were all in position, so if the normal method didn't work the fall-back was in place.  Some people would die, that was unfortunate collateral.  It was nothing compared to what would happen if the dark lord got his hand on that award.  For any lesser man, the order never had to worry about the gemstone falling out, it was an intricate mechanism keeping it contained, one could not simply stumble upon it.  The recent advances in fingerprint recognition only helped the situation.  If only we'd had that in Hiroshima he thought to himself.  So many lives wasted…still, since then when they stumbled upon this method, they had stopped it when it was in the form of the man the humans called Richard Burton, and so far they'd stopped the darkness in it's new form.

Awoken from his thoughts by the thundering applause, he looked quickly at Gregory, with no idea of who had won.  The look he received back settled him down.  Matt Damon was walking now to the stage, with no idea of what he had prevented.  He had to walk past DiCaprio but the order knew that he wouldn't stop him like this, it's too public.  That was the beauty of the plan, no security was needed, each year a new celebrity took it to a new place, with a new system, and new attention.  Leonardo could never get what he so desperately wanted.

The lights flickered briefly, before staying off and plunging the theatre into darkness.  Ladies screams pierced the air, with a few jovial laughs.  Such was the atmosphere at events like this, everyone is on edge, though an awkward mishap during the biggest presentation of the evening didn't look good.  Suddenly, a roar bellowed out so loud it was impossible to pinpoint where it came from.

Kane sprung into action.  He knew *what* it was from, and had the emergency lighting to benefit his sight now.  Damon was a lost cause, his bloodied hand was still twitching but it wasn't worth prolonging his pain much longer.  He had served his job, albeit unknowingly and unexpectedly; red footsteps from DiCaprio were clear on the glossy stage.  All that hard work making a film on the red planet had seemingly seeped into the blood of the dead actor, nobody deserved the fate that had begot him.  As Kane rapidly followed the path, he surveyed the damage.  Seats flung across the hall, Gregory suffering a similar fate to Damon, panic.  This would only serve the darkness, he thought to himself.

Turning the corner, his greatest worry was apparent.  The discarded golden head of Emilio Fernandez, the famous Oscar statuette, was strewn on the ground.  Then the left arm, the leg combination, and finally the top plate to the base.  The security system on the statue hadn't worked.  The gemstone was gone.  Now it was only a matter of time until Leonardo extracted the mineral.  The race was on, but Kane was already behind, knowing that as soon as he reach the red carpet the already thinly-laid path he'd been following would end.

"DAMNIT ABEL!", he screamed.  They'd been doing this fight since the start of time it seemed.  Now it was finally going to end.