We left carrying only the weight of what we left behind. No personal effects - they would bring only pain. I wish I had been smarter, like Louise, who tucked the photo of her son into the lining of her suit. Some nights, those early nights full of hope, she would stare at her photo and say nothing. They were right; it brought her pain. The pain, I think, was cathartic. My memories burned under my surface and refused to ever extinguish. 

Still, they press against my mind. I can’t shake them. The FTL port did nothing but bring a surge, a tumbling wave of memories, back into my head. 

It was remarkable how similar it looked. The port was new and sleek - the latest technologies and designs that were foreign to us. But beyond the spotless glass, I could see trees, tall pine trees that lifted up towards a clear blue sky. A clear blue sky that opened and spread out to a distant horizon. A horizon that blurred sky and sea and land. 

My heart pounded in my chest. Louise reached for my hand and gave it a small squeeze. She was never one for affection, and I could tell this was not meant to be an intimate moment. She needed me steady for whatever came next. We stepped up to the desk together and ignored the gawking crowd. 

The officer was a small, thin woman with her hair pulled up. She didn’t smile at us, but her eyes were kind. 

“We thought you were a rumour,” she said. I didn’t know how to reply.  “A group sent out to start fresh? You were legends.” Her accent was strange and unidentifiable. 

“We just wanted to help,” Louise said. 

“Well, let us return the favour,” the woman at the desk let a smile slip onto her face. Behind it she looked pain; she pitied us. “I understand that you ran into some ... problems when you first woke up.”

“That’s one way of putting it,” I said under my breath. Louise dug her nails into my palm. Seventeen of us never woke up. Another twelve were killed when we landed. Five died while we wasted in Graiemian prison. Yeah, there were some *problems*. 

“Well,” the officer said, “we’re here to help you now. Someone will be along to assist you with your journey.” We nodded in reply. “And I’d like to be the first to say it: welcome back to Earth.” She beamed now, her pity drowned by her pride. 

“Glad to be here,” Louise said. Her smile didn’t reach her eyes. Here, she had said, not home. We left home here many lifetimes ago; we buried it down deep inside and carried only a photo away. 


---

/r/liswrites