I immediately scurry up the stairs as fast as I can and burst into my parents room. 
"Mom, dad, there's a stranger downstairs with our presents." They both just lay motionless, not stirring an centimeter. Looks like I'll have to take things into my own hands. I sneak into my room and find my old bb gun. Sure, it doesn't look like much, but it's better than nothing. I creep down the hallway and slowly proceed down the stairs. I try to stay as quiet as possible, but with each step the stairs let out a low, drawn out creak. I make it to the bottom and peak my head around the corner. The living room where our presents are (or were, rather) is completely desolate. I glance towards the kitchen and notice something on the wall. As I inch my way towards it I can start to make out some writing. 
 "Merry CHRIST-mas, assholes! Thanks for the new Apple watch."
"The fuck?" I mutter out loud as I continue to look around. I step outside and start to shiver. A blanket of snow covers the ground as I walk barefoot across the lawn to the front of the house. Baffled, I stare at the mess of our front yard. All of our "Merry X-Las signs were destroyed. I replica reindeer were instead replaced by what looks like old bible verses. And on our door was text written in bright white that read "Take the Christ out of Christmas, and I'll put the mourn into morning."
"Who is this prick?" I thought to myself before evaluating the ground further. I noticed faint footprints leading to the neighbors house. I decide I have nothing to lose at this point and follow them. They lead right to front door. I knock 4 times and yell out hello. No answer. 
"Great," I think to myself, "now I have to go check on them." 
I inch the door open as I yell out hello again. Still nothing. Again I see writing on the kitchen wall. It says "They are in a better place." 
Panicked, I run into their room and find their bodies. Both parents and their son were tucked into bed, the blankets were soaked with blood and the walls had holes throughout, yet they all looked at peace, like they truly were happier now. 
My heart starts racing. What if mom and dad weren't sleeping? I start to dial 911 before realizing that I may look like the perpetrator. After all, I technically broke into their house while they were sleeping. What excuse do i have? That a man who looked like Jesus broke into our house and stole our presents before coming to this house and murdering the whole family? They'd put me in a psych ward for the rest of my life! I decide against calling and race back to my house as fast as I can. As I race up the stairs I start to scream. 
"Mom! Dad! Wake up! Please!"
I rip open the door and flip the lights on. I can't help but scream. My screams roar through the house like a motorcycle driving through a tunnel. My dad is nailed into the bed by his hands and feet and mom is flipped back up. Her back is ripped by what appears to be several strikes of a whip and she's wearing a barbed crown on her head. Blood covers the sheets. 
Tears stream down my face as the image of my parents gets burned into my mind. I feel nasuas and leave the room before getting my phone out to call 911. As I start to dial, my phone rings from an unknown number. I answer it immediately.
"H..hello?" I manage to squeak through my tears.
"Hello, my son" the voice answers.
"Dad? Dad, is that you?"
"No my son, it's me. Jesus, son of the creator and savoir of mankind." 
This guy has to be out of his mind. I start to think that his voice sounded a little to clear and loud to be coming from the phone. I hesitantly turn around and see a shadow. I whip around as fast as I can. Standing no more than 5 feet from me is Jesus. And in his hand is a bloody knife. He approached me and whispers "forgive me" before I feel a sharp pinch in my stomach and watch the world go black. 
