When most wizards die of old age, they present a spellbook to their pupils. The spellbook contains all of the spells and enchantments that, upon their owner's death, need to be replaced. The pupils then go about tediously repairing the castle, or fortress, or city, with the skills they learned during their training. It is a beautiful process, and a right of passage for all wizards. It was the way things were done.

So when word spread that Kah'met the Absolute lay upon his deathbed, droves of elite magicians traveled across the land to be at his side, and to receive the great spellbook \- perhaps the greatest spellbook of all time. The news exploded and pretty soon it was all anyone across Blizton was talking about. Even the peasant farmers of the Southlands could be heard chatting about what modern conveniences they would lose.

Kah'met's long graduated lead student, Plath the Steady, was to do the honors of accepting the spellbook. He was a cool and collected wizard, with wisdom well surpassing his age. After saying goodbye to his family and putting *his* lead student in charge of the school until he returned, Plath took off to do his duty to the world.

Kah'met lived in an enormous mountain cave, generally accessible only by air. Ancient waterfalls and untouched forest surrounded his abode, and the natural beauty awed even the grumpy wizards of the North.

Strange and colorful magicians from everywhere in Blizton filed into the enormous mouth of the cave and surrounded the hard stone altar, raised just a few inches from the ground, where the Absolute lay peacefully sleeping despite the commotion. As Plath the Steady squeezed his way to his teacher, murmurs of Plath and Kah'met's great deeds swept through the crowd.

Plath sat down on the ground, cross legged, as Kah'met always required.  The crowd went silent as they did the same. "Hello, teacher." He addressed his master. Kah'met turned and saw his star pupil. His eyes softened to a faint smile. He rolled back to stare at the upper reaches of the cavern, still smiling.

"Teacher, I am here to receive your spellbook."

The statement was met with silence. A piercing silence that cut through the pomp and circumstance of the event.

Plath looked around the room. There was no sign of the spellbook, and no one seemed to be holding it for him. *Strange,* Plath thought. *I would think he should have ordered the fetching of his spellbook from its secret location by now.*

"Teacher, do you know where I can find your spellbook?" Plath's metered voice echoed in the vacuum of the cavern. Still, Kah'met stared at the ceiling, looking somewhat amused. Plath turned to the crowd. "Does anyone here know the location of the spellbook?"

The silence of the crowd was broken by a slow, low laugh. The laugh slowly grew in volume \- a deep belly laugh. A laugh coming from the Absolute himself.

"Teacher, what is so funny? I must receive the spellbook so we can restore your spells upon your passing!" This seemed to really delight Kah'met as he rolled to his side, buckling over in laughter. Tears streamed down his face and he nearly fell off his platform as he cracked up in front of thousands of the world's most powerful men and women.

"Teacher! What is so funny!?" Plath asked, his characteristic coolness fading.

Kah'met calmed down, chuckling a few more times in amusement. He let out a deep, contented sigh. He then turned and looked at Plath the Steady in the eyes, like a father would a son.

"Plath..." Kah'met wheezed. "There is no spellbook."

Murmurs swept through the crowd as Plath sat, looking confused into his beloved master's eyes. He sat for a few seconds, measuring his response.

"Teacher, why is there no spellbook?"

"You always do ask the right questions, Plath." Kah'met chuckled softly. "But this one is out of my hands."

Kah'met turned to survey the enormous crowd of his students, confusion and concern painting their complexions. He gathered his strength for a moment, and suddenly his voice boomed to address the assembly.

"No spellbook exists. No student has acheived the adequate level of magical ability to recast what will be deleted."

The crowd began to lose its integrity, with some wizards getting up and shouting, some leaving the hall, and some beginning to panic. The implication was dawning on them \- something big was about to happen that they could not stop. Plath grabbed his master's hand. "Please, teacher, what can be done? What can I do? What will happen when your spells are deleted?"

With the last of his life Kah'met sat up and put his hand on Plath's shoulder. "My dear boy. Lead the survivors back here to the halls. You can only endure until the next cycle begins. There is nothing you can do to stop him."

"Who!?" Plath pleaded, anxiety and fear rising in the pit of his stomach. A deep rumbling began to sound from the depths of the earth, scattering the crowd behind them in an total frenzy.

Kah'met fell to his stone resting place and with a sad smile, and his last breath, he let out the word Plath dreaded. The word only heard in folklore and fairy tales, and in Kah'met's history of magic classes. The word that made Plath's spine shiver.

"Al'Kuum."