Life stares down at the chessboard, her king closed in by two rooks and a queen for good measure. "Checkmate." You whisper, feeling the despair creeping into her. An hour ago, you would have been gloating over your success. It was, after all, your first time beating her at chess, her greatest source of pride.

But as the tears silently beaded up in the corners of her eyes, getting closer and closer with every challenge you defeated her at today, you started to feel worse and worse. Your old rival looked worn and beaten, her golden hair and bright blue eyes fading to nearly silver, and the glow she gives off less than a tenth of it's previous power.

"Congratulations..." She mumbles. "What should we play next?"

"Life... There's nothing left for you to do-" You say softly, but she interrupts.

"Poker perhaps? Gin rummy?"

"It's over-"

"I'm quite the hand at Liar, if that's more your speed." She stares intensely at the board, the halo above her head still just strong enough to obscure her eyes.

"We'd need more players for liar."

"THEN BRING THEM!" She slams her fists on the table as she rises suddenly, locking eyes with you for the first time since you won the first game. "BRING THE DEAD, BRING THE DEMONS, BRING THE WHOLE OF EXISTENCE IF YOU WANT, SO THEY CAN WATCH MY FAILURE!" The tears flowed freely now, and you try to convince yourself for the hundredth time that this is what you want. After all, Life had been beating you for eons and giving peace to the world, with only a sparse few victories in between to cause disasters.

Now, the last disaster had been unleashed. Armageddon has spewed onto earth, and about 10 people remained. Too low to repopulate, and dropping by the second. "Life, I'm sorry-"

"Save your pity!" She growls, an expression of pure hate on her face. "You have no idea what it's like, always having to be the best, always having to win in order to ensure the world survives one more day." The despair was palatable in her voice. "Don't you see? This was my one job. My one duty in this universe. And I've failed. I've failed and now everything I've ever stood for is falling apart." The red light of the doors of death behind the both of you illuminated her more than her own light now, as another person falls. "Play me again."

You sigh. "I told you already, there's nothing left to play for. Even if you win, what'll that achieve?"

"I don't know, but i refuse to give up without a fight. Set the board up again. We're playing once more." She grabs your queen, but clearly has a hard time figuring out where it goes. You grab her hand gently. Two more fall.

"Life, look at yourself. Your mind is too damaged to win rock paper scissors, let alone chess. If you just give in i promise you'll have freedom in my realm, as such a friend would deserve. Just-"

She rips her hand out of yours. "Don't you condescend to me Death. I'd rather die than give in. Set up the board, we will play once more."

"It's too late. You can't win. I refuse to watch you destroy yourself like this, even if  we are foes." You insist. Only 5 left.

"Play me again." She insists. The board resets, and you watch as she observes the board. 4. "Give me some time. I have to plan my first move carefully." 3. Nodding silently, you rise from the table and turn towards the door. 2. "Goodbye, old friend. I'll be seeing you soon, once I've made my move." Her voice is strong, brave even at the end. 1.

"Goodbye." 0. A dull thud echoes through the room, but you don't turn around. Chess pieces clatter to the floor, and one rolls up beside you. The white king. "Checkmate." You whisper. You had won, but nothing here felt like a victory.