I stared at the photo of that smiling little boy for nearly an hour. The writing on the Polaroid echoed in my head as I struggled to make sense of it.

Brock: Age 4. Last seen in Houston on 07/09/1971

This picture was of me. I know that! My family had this framed on the wall in my childhood home but my name is Charlie, not Brock. I wandered around my dark, dusty office racking my brains for an answer. It was 03:45. Everyone had gone home but they knew that I always stayed back late to get the cases solved. That's why I'm the best in the business. The orange streetlights hit the window blinds creating a bright streak of light in the black room. 

I held the picture up to the light and I began to slowly deconstruct and analyse it.

I and the picture have the birth mark on the chin in the exact same place except I don't remember a time where it was fine like in the picture. Mine is severely cut and scarred across my chin which I was told by my mom and dad that I got when I was born when the doctor accidentally cut me when I was being delivered.

I'm convinced that this boy in the picture is me due to the fact that I've seen it before so that means my parents were lying to me to how I got the birthmark scar.

I always had a theory when I was a kid to how I really got it but I thought it was just a traumatic nightmare, not the real life answer.

One nonsensical, terrifying nightmare that made me scream and sit upright in fright from my bed at the age of 11.

The more and more I reminisce about the dream, the less it becomes a dream and more of a memory. The details are sharper, the sound is louder...

I'm there.

I'm walking down the street holding an attractive older woman's hand. I trust this woman but I don't know her. She looks down at me and gives me a warm smile. I feel safe. She walks down a dark alleyway where two hooded criminals grab me from behind and have me at knifepoint on the neck. The woman starts screaming and crying to let go of me. This noise angers the criminals. The more she screams, the more the criminals twist the knife blade closer and closer to my neck. It's cutting my chin as I try and wriggle out. I let off a blood curdling scream and then I felt an instant thud against the back of my skull and then everything went black.

This is either a fever dream intentionally designed to scare me targeting my fears of kidnapping and violence or this is a repressed memory that is being found and may give me the solution to not only to this cold case but to what my true life really is.

And then it hit me. It's so late it's a new day. The fellas at the office know I stay late to the next morning and they put my picture down on the cold case folders as an April Fools prank when I see myself. 

Oh those guys...