In a way, the galaxy was becoming smarter.

Sentience isn't that hard to come across, though mostly found in those primal beings that claw and kill and eat with no regard to the suffering it causes.  

That is the law of nature.  Consume or die.  Adapt or die.  Basically either be the best, or die.  Death tends to be nature's preferred method of selection.

On the third rock around a rather average yellow star, orbited a planet populated by naked apes.  They killed, they loved, they laughed, they plotted, the helped, they prayed, they raged, they envied, they shared and they lived.  When they decided intelligence and stamina could let them dominate they planet, their species grew and consumed and destroyed and slaughtered and flourished.  

Such was the will of the nude monkey.  Two legs, two arms, one big hunk of meat between their ears that told them interesting things and lent impressive deductive skills.

Most of the time it could be trusted.

Some of the time it couldn't.

Initial observations of the planet yielded quick answers.  Hundreds of sentient species, with a few that you could argue were sapient. 

An important distinction, but here was a planet capable of sapping most of the galactic population limit.  Some of these animals were no threat to the overall limit; there could only be so many dogs and cats and elephants and monkeys.

Humans, were quite the different story.

If they weren't able to kill themselves, they'd spread throughout their arm of the Milky Way in a few hundred years.  Sure, they'd probably cap off at twelve billion on Earth alone.  

But what about on their space stations?

On their colonies?

On other terra-formed worlds?

The council's decision was quite unanimous, though one or two protested out of caution.  Why not let them die out on their own planet?

Why not let them destroy their own world, removing billions from the collective galactic consciousness?

Overruled by more impetuous minds, a few ships were sent to glass the planet, sterilizing the Sol system and preventing humanity from growing past their little blue world.

Except something went wrong in orbit.

Something didn't go according to plan.

No one would be able to pinpoint the exact moment they knew things had gone wrong, but in the decades of failed launches and space expeditions, the low orbit of Earth was a minefield of debris that the humans were in the process of cleaning up.

Nearly a dozen ships shocked into low orbit, only to be rendered full of holes and partially damaged.

Most fell to earth.

Some were captured by orbital satellites.

Instead of destroying the Earth, the council had lent it the collected knowledge of the advanced species of the Milky Way.

What would take a hundred years to discover, humans adapted in one.  Scientific advancements so advanced that most of them considered basically magic were reverse-engineered faster than anyone could imagine.  Humans seemed to enjoy pattern recognition, and to enhance galactic cohesion most systems were designed to be easily replicated and understood across species.

Perhaps this shows the arrogance that comes with age, that an ancient civilization should always crush the younger.  That after conquering a hundred species, there comes a sense of apathy towards the destruction of belligerent life forms.  Yet another ant to crush between your finger and thumb.

All it takes is one mistake, one underestimation of your opponent.  Nature cares little for second chances.

Trillions of drones would depart from the Sol system, scouting distant star systems and charting habitable worlds.

The most dangerous species in the universe had been handed the greatest weapons of war available, and despite the galactic ban on artificial intelligence, the humans synchronized with their machines.

Soon they would pour across the Milky Way, consuming all in their path.

All the council races could do was pray, and fight for as long as they could.

Humans didn't play fair, and had little mercy to offer these races.  Old traditions of honor and pride didn't translate to the humans.  Outwardly they would claim these qualities, but in practice there was only pragmatic brutality.  Orbital bombardments, drone fleets, biological weapons, and the rarest and most devastating of forces, actual human deployment planet side.

Messages were clear, so clear that no species needed a translator.  Submit or die.

Regardless of the alien's choice, most of the time the humans came to their own decisions about the fate of the galaxy.

They decided they liked being the apex species of the Milky Way.

True, there were plenty of worlds to share.  Plenty of stars to capture, plenty of systems to mine and crack open, spilling out more materials than any one species could possibly hope to use.

Except humans weren't prone to sharing.  If there was one thing they hated more than themselves, it was the smattering of intelligent life that once sought their destruction.

Most species would beg for mercy.  Ask to serve, anything to avoid the extinction fleets of autonomous drones that would wipe an entire system of organic life in a few weeks time.

Sometimes the humans listened.

The majority of the time, they didn't.

Perhaps if the galactic council had sought to control the amount of sapient life forms, the humans would have left them in peace.  Instead of seeking to sterilize the Earth, seeking a peaceful coexistence.

Maybe things would have ended differently.

But human memories are long and complex.  Their grudges thousands of years old, built on a million and one arbitrary differences that confounded and terrified the humans.  Nothing motivates a human more than hate or fear or love.

In targeting them all, the arbitrary differences seemed to melt away.

Replaced by a deeper, darker yearning.

A better Milky Way.

A pure galaxy.

A strong galaxy.

A prosperous galaxy.

A human galaxy.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato