One night when while I was lounging on the brand new sofa I had just bought, all curled up and enjoying a nice book, I heard the doorbell ring. *Strange* I thought, *Who could be at the door right now.*

Reluctantly, I put down the book and made my way to the door. I opened it to find two policemen, standing and looking rather grim. I look at them for a few seconds, confused as to why they were here, when one the two spoke up and said: "I am afraid to inform you that your husband has passed away in an accident earlier today."

I focused in on the one that spoke, slightly taller and with more of an air of authority about him, and I looked at him even more confused then before. After a few seconds of silence, I simply told him: "That's impossible."

Both of the policemen looked as confused as I initially was, and the taller one then replied: "Unfortunately, it's the truth, miss."

I stared at him for a brief moment, entertaining the idea that it might have been a practical joke of sorts. Almost laughing I informed him: "It's impossible, because he's in the kitchen making dinner."

The two men craned their necks in an attempt to look behind me, where my husband was making a mess of the kitchen in an attempt to cook something edible. The men turned back to me, an expression of utter shock on their face. The taller one, however, quickly shifted from shock to rage. He turned to the stout one said in an angry whisper that was all too audible: "What is the time?"

"It's five-thirty sir." The stout one replied.

"And the date?" The taller one asked in response.

"It's the ninth sir." The stout one replied, looking ashamed.

"The ninth." A brief pause before the taller one yelled, barely able to hold back his anger, "so you mean to tell me we're fucking early!"

"Yessir." The stout one replied, looking like he was ready to crawl into a hole.

"Why didn't you tell me earlier?" The taller one asked sounding more like a parent about to scold his child.

"I though you changed the plans. Sir." The stout replied, like a child being scolded.

"Well then smart-ass, tell me. The fuck are we gonna do now!"