We were better than this... 
Never had we lost one before this.
Of course it's a thankless job. We only get blamed for the children's screams in the middle of the night. And yeah the other may have forgot. But I can still remember back when they used to call us guardians... We were their watchmen until they were old enough to defend themselves. Of course we had to implement the monster protocol because too many of them started to find out the truth... 

And what's a secrete society of protective beings if its not secret anymore...

But like I said, it's a thankless job... and this time it's a job that we failed. 
We failed because we got careless, and we got lazy.
We all go used to just being stuck in the closet all day and stuffed under the bed or in the dusty basement. 
But we had a duty.

Usually we just man our posts but now we hunt. 

Isaac is hot on her trail, he knows her scent better than anyone being that he's under the bed all the time

Of course being in her closet I had the best view of the ment that took her, the one with the snake tattoo on his wrist is mine.

We follow their every step. Down the street, through the residentials, under and over pass to and decommissioned textile factory.

Harold can hear the men arguing to one another about the price. 

A price.
that's all this child is worth to them 
Nevermind that it's a human being whose life is priceless.

Little lisa wants to be a dentist when she grows up. I can almost see her gleaming smile to show off her missing teeth in my minds eye. 
She wants to learn to play the clarinet, so mom and dad gave her a recorder. Of course she's awful at it noe but I can hear the symphonies she'll write when she's older and I'm long gone, moved on to the next job.

I can see the men drawing their weaponsthrough a small cracked door.. 
She could be caught in the cross fire. The time is now.

We rush the door knocking it to the ground tearing it right off it's hinges. Letting our a mighty roar, it's been so long since I've had to I almost forgot how to do it, but enraged it's all coming back to me. 

Isaac slithers across the room to devour a man has 
Harold pounces on the second man dragging him to the shadows where the screams are silenced there he is, the tattooed assailant in the blink of an eye I grasp his throat I'm my claws repeatedly commiting every act of violence I can summon to mind until there is hardly anything left.
lisa is safe. 