  

The black smoke finally dissipated and all that was in the circle was a greyish yellow lemon. My jaw dropped in horror “What the fuck?” I picked up the lemon and inspected it carefully. The texture of the lemon felt normal. I sniffed it and it seemed to have the same odor as a regular lemon to. I kicked over a bunch of random items in annoyance. “What the fuck did I do wrong!? I followed the instructions correctly!” I sighed felt tears threaten to pour out of my eyes. “Well” I sniffed “Guess it’s back to the drawing board.” I thought about throwing the lemon away and curling into my bed to cry myself to sleep when I heard a voice yell out of nowhere. 

“Wait!” An old raspy voice said from somewhere in the room. “Wait don’t throw me away!” 

I jumped and felt like I had been shocked by lightning could it have worked? Could I have summoned a demon? “Who said that!” I yelled in a high-pitched voice. I scanned the room for a misplaced shadow or for something to just jump out and scare the shit out of me. Then the words clicked into my brain. I stared at the lemon in my hand. Had the lemon just spoken to me?

“Don’t throw me away! You need me!.” The voice said in a pleading panicked voice.

“No fucking way.” I said in a disbelieving tone. “You did not just talk to me.” I thought to myself and tried to think this through logically. Then I came up with a theory of what must be happening. My theory was I just used up to much energy to fast in that spell and now I’m just having a mild stroke. I smiled in a mirror checking to see if my face was drooping. Nope my smile was still perfect. I checked my balance and did a few more inspections on myself to see if I was stroking out after about ten minutes maybe a little longer I convinced myself that I was indeed not having a stroke just going crazy. 

The voice softly whispered into my brain. “Why is it so hard to believe a lemon can talk to you? Don’t demons exist in your reality and other unknown entities?” 

I starred at the lemon and spoke out loud. “Soooo you’re an entity? Wait how the hell are you talking to me right now?” I inspected the lemon again looking for signs of gnashing teeth ready to consume my young flesh. In hindsight I realized if it did have teeth that holding it with my bare hands was probably not the smartest move. 

“You could say that I am a type of being that resides in a fruit that suits my personality” It paused before speaking again. “Also, no I do not have teeth. From a visual perspective I just look like a discolored lemon to you mortals. Also, I am communicating with you telepathically.”

“Wait did you just read my thoughts?”

“Yesss” It said in a soothing voice. “Does that bother you?”

I frowned. “Yes of course that bothers me that’s my thoughts you’re going through and there private.”

“O I am sorry.” It said in a apologetic voice. “I did not mean to...” It paused before finishing it sentence. “Creep you out.”

“STOP THAT SHIT! THAT’S CREEPY AS FUCK!”

“O but Brandon I have to look through your thoughts to know who your enemies are.”

This made me pause and after a brief silence in my thoughts I asked inside my head. “Can you help me defeat my enemies?” 

“O yes Brandon I can do more than help I can make sure your enemies experience their own personal fucking hell before they die. 

That instantly got my attention. Truth be told my enemies were strong and they had many advantages that I didn’t. Wealth, influence, trainers in magic exc. Also, my goal for the past five years has been to kill my enemies just like they killed my brother. 

With gritted teeth and hope swelling in my heart. I asked one question. “Will you help me kill my enemies?”

A simple reply was whispered into my brain.” Yessss.”