The last memory of Seaman Gabriel Alonzo was a primal instinctual fear that was beyond words. Everything had gone black. A pitch black that he had rarely experienced as a city boy growing up in Philadelphia. There was always some street lamp, headlight, or something that provided some illumination. Even the submarine was bathed in an odd red light which the trainings had said did not disturb ones night vision. But this dark was one where Seaman Alonzo could not see anything. Not his arms or hands struggling in front of him. Not any of the equipment in front of him. He had even forgotten what compartment he was in moments before. It was a dark that filled him with pure terror. 

It wasn't just the dark that terrified Gabriel. It was the impending knowledge that he would die. He knew he was a dead man. He felt more like a dead boy. He would die so far away from home. He would die in some place that didn't even have a name. If it did have a name he wouldn't know because he rarely payed attention to the navigation briefings to listen to the strange names of places in the Pacific Ocean. Were they still in the vast Philipine Sea? Or the East China Sea? Would knowing be any consolation?

Months before Gabriel Alonzo joined the Navy he remembered learning about his older brother who died at Pearl Harbor. His mother had wept for hours. She cried that they couldn't bring his body back. When Seaman Alonzo passed through Pearl Harbor he saw the wreckage of the USS Arizona which still entombed his brother's body. He wasn't sure looking at the wreckage if knowing where his brother's body lay entombed was any comfort to him. She wept when Gabriel had joined the Navy too years later when he finally turned 18. Gabriel had grown tired of the incessant crying and felt bad for her, but it had been years. None of that felt like it mattered when he was the only son in the family who was not in the Navy. His brothers, father, and even grandfather were all in the Navy. In fact when he finally signed up, he was one of the only young adult men on the block that was not part of the war effort now. The shame at the time had been more concerning to Gabriel Alonzo. But at that moment not knowing where his body would lay eternally, the shame of not going to war, or the grief of his mother didn't cross his mind at all. There was only primal fear.

Seaman Alonzo couldn't see anything, but he could really only feel two things. One was the panic that he knew he would die. The other was the searing pain of water in his lungs. He couldn't breathe. And he struggled wildly, flailing his arms in the hopes that it would somehow let him breathe. On some level he knew it made no sense and yet there was nothing he could do but flail his arms grasping for something he could not see or feel as cold sea water swirled turbulently in the dark around him.

Part of Seaman Alonzo knew his fate. A Japanese destroyer had come upon them. While he had survived other depth charge attacks, he had never felt an explosion that had rocked the entire submarine so violently. Never before had the power gone out and stayed out for as long as it had. Never before had he heard the defeaning rush of water spilling through some hole in the hull. Never before had he felt cold salt water slamming his body around in the now forgotten compartment of the USS Escolar. 

Seaman Alonzo panicked as the water burned his lungs. Each gasp just filled his lungs with more and more water. There was the instinctual panic of drowning. He had experienced the feeling of drowning before from his training. But this was different too. On some level he felt as if he knew there was someone and some way that he would live through that. As much as he was panicking then enough of him had been able to complete the training exercise because he knew he could get through it. But Seaman Alonzo knew now he was a dead man. As he struggled and flailed his arms, a part of him knew he couldn't find a way out. The water seared his lungs. 

They say that when a submarine doesn't return from patrol it is on an eternal patrol. Seaman Alonzo had heard this before, but he didn't spend much time thinking about it. The duty and patriotism might appeal to his father or brothers, whichever ones were still alive. It probably wouldn't matter to his mother knowing another one of her beloved sons would never come home to her arms again. There would be even less of a story around his death since the Navy would probably have no idea what happened. Would his mother's grief to his death be any better? But none of that really concerned Seaman Gabriel Alonzo as he struggled in the dark, sea water filled compartment of the USS Escolar on his eternal patrol. He just continued flailing his arms as he tried to find some way to breathe air, until even that pain faded away like the rest of the world into darkness.