Mitchel sat at a table, alone, drinking a glass of clear liquid.
He glanced over at the stage where two strong men were carrying the idiot who lost a rap battle off stage, blood dripping from hhis clothing. He couldn’t tell whether the man was alive and he didn’t care, only one person needed to die tonight.

“And another astounding victory for the champion... SPITFIRE!!!” The announcer bellowed into the mic, getting a loud cheer of voices of all pitches and tones. “Is there anyone out there in the audience who thinks they can outplay this man?” There was silence.
Mitchel stood up from the table and nodded towards the announcer, who picked up the response immediately. “And we have a challenger!” The crowd ate it all up, excitement, flashy lights, and sweat filling the atmosphere. “What’s your name?” He asked as Mitchel walked up to the stage. 
The response was a whisper in his ear, and a second later he announced “Can ‘Schemata’ defeat our long running champion?” The question raised calls for both a roaring cheer and a thundering booing, which deadened all else. “Let’s find out, shall we? SILENCE!”
The room fell into utter silence, the announcer’s words castes a spell over everyone else in the room, except the DJ who was behind a sound-proof screen. 
“Standard rules. Thirty seconds on the clock, then switch. Challenger begins. If you freeze, we squeeze - all your betting money from you that is. Speaking of which...” both Mitchel and Spitfire took a roll of money from their pockets and placed it in one of the announcer’s hands. “LET THE RAP BATTLE COMMENCE!” He clapped his hands together and the room bursted into noise once more, the music became louder and Mitchel began:
“Let’s start off with your name. Spitfire. Boiling dribble out ya tyre mouth, gaps between your black teeth thicker than wire, they real? I’m not a buyer. Heard of whitener? It’ll take her breath away when yer mouth doesn’t look like death. Anyway too bad about that because I’m here to stay so you’ve gotta go. Let’s start with TOOTH DECAY!” As he called out the last two words, Spitfire’s hands went up to his mouth and he yelled as his teeth rotted away to nothing within seconds. Anger flared in his eyes and the announcer nodded, it was his turn.
“Schemata? What’s tha matta with ya? Coming he-ya with a intent to harm? Well it’s amateur, and your tour stops here in the floor, you opened with a bore and now you’ll pay. ROAR!” His last word became a thundering, deafening bellow that sounded like some monster from an era ago. Mitchel could only hear ringing but he knew Spitfire’s time wasn’t up. Suddenly he felt pain all over him. Looking down st his shirt he saw red stains slowly appearing and marking it, all the way down his body. He couldn’t let this guy get another turn.
“Nice try, tough guy. I’ve felt worse, nothing great by a long shot, why? Your too slow mate, so sit back and spectate as I create something great. ACCELERATE!” Everything around Mitchel suddenly slowed. In reality, he was just thinking incredibly fast, which was all he needed. The drink he’d finished before he came on stage was a lubricant, of sorts. It allowed his vocal chords to move exceptionally fast, meaning he could speak ‘normally’ at his own perception while everyone else would barely be able to understand him. This was his chance for the kill, then he’d get his money. 
“Ahh much faster, see you’re a disaster while me? I’m the master. Greener pasture than your rather dull show. Let that grasp ya. You never had a chance, thinking I’d prance into your dance without a second glance at your last rancid corpse of a competitor? Ok now time for the blaster, im not like you, I’m a real caster, rhymes hotter than the Nevada. Like the burning feeling of AVADA KADAVRA!”
Spitfire’s toothless mouth gasped open as time returned to normal and he collapsed, all his air leaving his lungs and not returning. Job done.
“WOAH WOAH! THATS AN ILLEGAL WORD!” Yelled the announcer, who looked furious as he ran over. “You’re in serious trouble for that!” The audience was screaming and yelling at Mitchel for doing such a foul play on their champion. Some of them were on their phones calling the police, others were crying.
Before the announcer grabbed Mitchel by the throat he yelled at the top of his voice. “SCHEMATA!” And everyone in the room stopped screaming. Instead they all looked around, confused. He’d wiped all their memories of the rap battle. From the moment the announcer called out the phrase. Mitchel quickly left the stage and ran out of the club before anyone pieced the story together. Now he could collect his money. His own memory had been wiped but he saw Spitfire’s corpse and knew his job was done. Nobody knew a thing. 

Except the DJ behind the screen, who had witnessed it all.