It was like any other day. I woke up when the sun started to shove the moon to the back, started the coffee machine and took a shower. I had my daily healthy breakfast of toast and black coffee, and got ready for work. My hair up in a bun, makeup fresh, I called the look 'office slut' and I loved it, and my suit ironed so sharp, the creases could cut glass. 

I stepped outside and stopped in my tracks. Out on the graveled driveway, a tank stood imposing, with its gun barrel pointed at my door. I was in the middle of my door. I stepped aside hurriedly and browsed the news on my phone. Had a war erupted while I was asleep? There was that explosion last night, but I waved it off to some ethnic festival. Living in a melting pot country where everyone celebrated everything made me lost count of the special dates. I only remembered the ones with public holidays.

Various news sites informed me that there was just the normal battles raging on at the other side of the planet. Nothing that would concern me and my well being. However, my car was special. It changed to accommodate any occasion. In the winter season, it had snow tires and a muzzle on each sides spraying salt. When the weather channel predicted flash flood, it changed to a 4WD in my office car park.

Maybe it suffered a glitch. I was the beta tester for it, I won the rights at an office party. Melon Uske, the brainy billionaire and owner of pretty much everything, was one of the sponsors. He personally gave me a key fob the size of a child's palm and told me to just 'go with the flow' and email him a monthly feedback. Everything had been great since then. Once my car turned into a Lamborghini Huracan because I was late for work. That was my favorite. I would've slept in on purpose everyday but I didn't think it worked that way. 

I was getting late for work but I couldn't make myself enter the tank. I wasn't even sure if it had autodrive, as was with all the car's various manifestations before. In order to think, I changed my skirt and stiletto to a pair of  super comfortable palazzo pants and black Yeezys. I also transferred the contents of my beloved lambskin Lady Dior to a no nonsense Prada sling. My parents said I spent too much on material things, but I guessed they were just talking crap. I bought acres of lands in the midwest and on both coasts didn't I, that was investment enough right? I still had lots of leftovers as a financial consultant so why not spend it on beautiful, lovingly created things.

Suitably attired, I opened the top door, I don't know what it was called, and slid under until I found a seat. It was kind of hot in the tank. I felt slightly claustrophic with the only link to the outside was the small windshield that I had no access to when I plopped into the driver's seat. It had panels and levers engulfing me and the leg space left much to be desired.

 I furiously called my boss, my parents, and god. I told my boss I would be late, according to my limited Google prowess, I'm in a M1A2 Abrams Army tank and the top speed was 30 mph. He told me to get out and request an Uber ride, but I insisted I would go in my car. It had never failed me before, if it changed into a tank, that must've mean I was meant to be in a tank on that particular day!

I videocalled my parents to ask my dad on how to drive the thing since he was a Marine yonks ago and he gave me a private phone number of his mates who were still in the army. So my 68 and a half tonned behemoth rolled down the driveway while I sat in the reclined seat. It was almost comfortable. My father's friend asked me about where my commander was and I told him I was alone in the driver's seat, no navigator, no gunner no loader, only me. He told me to stop the engine and get out. I told him I was late for work! He said that there was no way in hell I would arrived at work without hurting anyone on the streets. I told him about the car I won at my office raffle story and he let out a long curse and told me to get out anyhow. I thanked him politely and called my boss again. I was idling by the road, no worries. In the middle of asking my boss for Melon Uske number, the ground shook.

I opened the top hatch and saw shooting stars a few miles down the road, destroying blocks of housings. I closed and locked the hatch again (Thank you Youtube) and called my boss again for Melon's number. I was standing in front of the tiny windshield when Melon picked up my call. I thanked him calmly for providing me with a tank since there seemed to be a meteorite fest in my area. He actually apologized and told me that a helicopter would be picking me up to safety. He knew I couldn't drive the tank anywhere.

On board the heli, the soldier or mercenary or whoever he was, told me there had been an attack of the extraterrestrial sort which had started the night before. The military had been mobilized since dawn to evacuate people in the affected areas. I sat quietly in my seat while composing a feedback email to Melon Uske. "Build a bot that could be a navigator in case of aliens attacks in the future. Or a car that understand voice commands ala KITT. Drive me a tank, KITT! On it, my lady!"