"Here goes, 1 is A, 2 is B, 3 is C, 4 is D, 5 is A, 6 is B, 7 is C, 8 is D. Hmmm, the answer to this question is blue. A, B, C, D.  What does it mean to be an American? B. Eeny, meeny, miny, moe. When is this test going to be over? I really need to beat that level on DragonSlayer. The short answer for the next question, Dragon!" 
       At the end of every presidential term it was a requirement for every U.S. Citizen to take a mandatory exam that would determine the next President. Your score also determined the level of access you had to restricted  information, and closed off areas in the country. There were stories of people having a death switch inserted into their brains at birth, where if they spoke of these secrets to one without the required permissions, their brains would explode along with those they told them to. The floating cities could only be accessed by the top 20 percent of that term's test scores. People in the top 10 percent had the best opportunities, rumors said; they could leave the earth altogether. No one knows where they went. 
     There were the underground cities, again another rumor. It was said that they connected to the center of the earth, where life was a paradise. The president himself ruled over all of this. The test was tailored so that the top score would be one who would leap us into the next age at the quickest and safest pace. It was designed by all the top minds in the world, it ensured all the right decisions were made. It wasn't just a test of intelligence, but of ideals. A joint operation between supercomputers and centuries of history. 
       The other regions of the world were quarantined, a giant wall surrounded the country, no trade, no view of the ocean. No one below the 80 percent knew why, & I didn't Care to know. I just wanted to go home & browse Breadit, before playing online with my friends. I wanted to finally pick up that new Cheesy Gordita Supreme rolled Tamale from TacoVilla. Maybe visit XRat, & binge watch the anime I've been hearing about.
      I stopped trying on these tests when I realized I was never going to make it above the lowest 10 percent. Now I just guessed my way through it, putting one word answers in the short answer boxes. Sometimes arranging the letters into odd patterns. The exam took around 5 hours to finish, and I was the first one done. As I went home, the streets were empty, "damn everyone's taking this seriously, I hope there's other people online when I get home."
          In the morning I awoke to my phone blown up with messages, and a loud constant knock at my door. I pushed the home button on my mobile device.  The first message I saw on the screen made me lose my breath & pinch myself three times. 