Lilian realized the dangers of her children's new hobby the night they took down the Kraken Organization.

"He's fine, mom," said Elle, her telekinetic components levitating a sleeping Vin through the door. "I've got him loaded up with healing nanites. He'll be fine in a couple of hours."

"How did this happen!?" Lilian asked desperately. "His ability to generate armor scales--"

"Oh, Doctor Tramma made--" Asa, the youngest, tripped over his words when his voice cracked, "made some kind of bullet that turned off his radioactive pangolin powers. But I didn't have superpowers to turn off, so--"

Lilian looked down at her son's knuckles and feet, bloody and raw from striking armored foes. And she knew she couldn't do this again.

The next day, they went to school as if nothing was wrong. The news was flooded with stories about the young superheroes who destroyed one of the largest criminal syndicates in the country the previous night. The kids got home, Lilian made dinner, then took Asa to karate lessons (he was the instructor, of course). It was so blissfully normal.

That night, before bed, Lilian sat her children down, and with a tone of voice she hated using, said: "I don't want you being superheroes anymore."

"What!?" Vin said in disbelief. "Why?"

"Because you almost ***died!***" Lilian said, entirely more exasperated and desperate than she intended.

There was silence for a terrible minute. Her mind wandered. Thoughts of Vin, floating there helplessly, intruded. Elle and Asa and seemed so blase about it. How could they be so at ease?

Elle finally broke the silence. "Mom, we've done so much good for the city, and I've calculated only a 2.855% chance of--"

"Stop that. Don't do that alien calculator crap right now."

Elle winced. Something sank in Lilian's stomach, but she kept going.

"I love you three. You're literally the only thing that matters to me. You can't just go off fighting thugs and--and *supervillains*. You're kids. You putting your whole lives in jeopardy."

"But mom--" Vin started, and was interrupted: "That's final. No more superhero stuff."

When Lilian checked in on their rooms that night, they were empty. They woke up in the morning, ready for school, tired but unharmed.

The three helped stop General Electric (having given himself a promotion from Major) from converting New York (and everyone in it) into an impossibly large, self-sustaining power generator. His electric powers turned off Elle's tech and Asa had been nearly helpless.

When they got home that night, Lilian had one word for them.

"Grounded."

"Mom! You can't do this! We saved ten million people--"

"The Salvation Society saved ten million people. You just nearly died." She tried to sound tough, not terrified. "Grounded. One month."

The next night, they were back out.

The night after that. while the kids were at school, Lilian had the windows sealed and bought a lock system for the doors. They didn't even slow Elle down.

The next week, she snatched Vin's phone and got Starstripe's number out of it, and called her, asked her to talk her children out of superheroing. When Starstripe called back the next day, she told Lilian it hadn't gone well. Asa had saved Starstripe's wife, Armor Class, during the whole General Electric fight. And Elle had pointed out that Starstripe started her career as a superhero when she was even younger than Asa.

Darkskull got captured by three young heroes the night after that.

Lilian went to the Technocrat next, looking for something she could do to enforce the grounding.

"I mean, I could give you something to turn off their powers. But Slapfi--"

"His name is Asa. Don't call him that other thing."

"... Asa doesn't have any to turn off. And there are the ethical considerations of doing this against their will."

"They're minors. I'm their parent. There aren't ethical considerations here."

"I'll do this for you, but I don't think it's going to get you the result you want."

"The only result I want is them not getting killed by the Emperor or some lucky mugger."

The Technocrat agreed to help.

When the kids next got home, Lilian was waiting for them, crossing her arms. "We need to talk."

"... Mom?"

“Listen, I know you feel that as long as you have these abilities, you’re going to keep using them to help people. And I know that’s going to keep putting you in danger. So… I’ve gotten a… a serum, I guess. It’ll suppress your radioactive pangolin genes, Vin. It’ll block the mental commands to your alien technology, Elle. And it’ll give you a mild inner ear issue so you can’t use your martial arts as well, Asa.”

Vin and Asa looked at her flatly. Elle looked back and forth between them. “You’re going to give Asa an *equilibrium disorder*?”

“Only for his own good! Don’t you see? This resolves the whole moral quandary! No power… no responsibility.”

After a pause, Vin finally said, “I … okay. If that’s what it takes to resolve all this.” Asa nodded--he always did take after his brother.

Elle flustered for a moment, looking back and forth between them… which is when her eyes shined with blue light and she perked her head up, as if she’d heard something.

“Guys. My tech is picking up a pulsed radio frequency. Kind of like the one the Minister Sinister would create with his suggestion powers.”

Vin spun to look at her, confused. He blinked twice, shook his head, and looked back at Lilian. “Mom, are… are you trying to *mind control* us into doing this?”

Lilian shook her head, frustrated. “Well, you haven’t been listening.”

Vin turned, putting a hand on each sibling’s shoulder. “This is insane. Guys, come on. Let’s give her some--”

Lilian snapped her fingers, and the sound of something heavy and metal impacted inside the front door. “I said you were grounded, young man.”

Metal plates run through with some sort of high energy conduits slid out of the ceilings and floors, armoring the interior of the house. Slats of some high-grade, black alloy slid over and around Lilian, forming a suit of armor obviously similar to the Technocrat’s.

“Is… is that the Technocrat’s armor?” Vin asked dumbly.

“I needed help to get you to behave.”

“You got help from a *supervillain*?”

“*Reformed* supervillain,” Lilian said with a sneer. “And only after your superhero friends refused to help. Must be big fans of child endangerment.”

One of the razor-like slats in her forearm slid over and a hypodermic needle launcher slid out. She took aim at Vin first. “Now, Vin, I know you hate taking your medicine--”

Before she could finish the sentence, Vin had transformed into full Pangolin Mode, complete with massive claws, and a long, razor sharp tail, whipping out faster than Lilian could dodge. The tail struck her shoulder, sending the first needle into one of the armored walls and sending Lilian herself across the room and through the dining room table.

“Elle, get us out of here!”

“I’m trying!” Elle said desperately. “The Technocrat’s machines are made with his superpowers, not engineering or programming! My tech can’t talk to it!”

As Lilian charged Vin and they began trading blows, Asa spoke up. “Can you find a weak point in the door?”

“Yeah, but can you--”

“Trust me,” Asa said with the confidence that can only really be held by a thirteen-year-old.

Elle took a moment to analyze the door before pointing out a spot near the frame. “There.”

Asa took a stance, focused, pushed away the noise of the battle and emotional turmoil of their own mother trying to harm them, and… struck.

The sound of metal shattering and exploding outward filled the room, and distracted Lilian just as she was about to ram a needle between Vin’s armored plates. “What!? How can--”

She was interrupted by claws slamming into her armor, bouncing her off the ground so hard that it splintered hardwood and drove the air out of her lungs.

Dizzy and rattled and unable to catch her breath, she heard Vin say “Sorry, mom,” and then the children were gone.

Lilian started getting up. Her house was empty. Emptier, really, than it had ever been.

“This isn’t right,” she said. “I’m.. how could they run from me? Can’t they see I’ve been doing this for their own good? I’m their mother. I’m a *good* mother.”

She stood, hunched over in her gleaming black armor. “I’ll get them back. I’ll keep them safe. How could I do less.”

She finally engaged the armor’s faceplate, a reflective white mask that looked like nothing so much as a porcelain sculpture of her own face. She held her hands together, as if making an oath.

“I’m the Good Mother.”
