(very amateur writer with a very bad grammar here)
***In the waiting room of an office building, there are 7 wierd people sitting. Each looked strange and it was definite that these people were no ordinary ones. A girl at the front row sat with her hair all spiked like she had an electrical shock and in fact it did look like it because she literally had the electric super powers and we see glimpses of small electric currents zapping in and out of spikes of her hair. But it looked like she only had it in her hair, her mother looking worried sitting next to her holding her hands but her  head far away from near her. Behind sat a huge bald headed guy uncomfortably barely fitting in his seat. He had no hair on his face or as a matter of fact anywhere and looked as if he had no powers but he did... in a way. He yawned and you can see those shiny teeth which looked entirely made out of metal(plantinum like) and looked more sunk in the gums than what those rappers nowdays  wear. There were 3  who looked different but only on the first glance because one had green skin another had pinkish hue skin and the other looked normal. But if you looked further carefully they were all the same person with the same face and as one sneezed, yawned, watched the time and the other two would do exactly the same at the exact same time, they were all one guy but only that the guy couldn't control it when the other two emerged out of him and when they all fused back together. One person who sat at the corner looked very normal. Nothing wrong or extraordinary seemed about him but a very wierd guy, one might think, as he wore silver matte pants which looked straight out of a fantastic four cosplay. But also looked special made and with a twist, it had a zipper hole but no zipper even though he was wearing an underwear inside. Few moments later in came an assistant who had angel like wings but were strapped tight to her suit. And as she reached out  bending over to the Telly's Dvdbox to put in a DVD named "your Super Power Origin, and how to master it", you can see that wired corner guy with a zipper less zipper hole pants getting very uncomfortable and hesitatent/trying not to look at her hot body. But unable to resist it, he does and not so long after, suddenly the fire bursts out of that zipper hole like a burning stove. He got so worried, everybody looked back with wierd faces as he tries to anxiously cover it but he can't touch it as it would burn his hand. He then took out from his bag,  special mittens made out of the same material as his pants and closed his eyes trying to relax puting out the fire with those mittens covering over the hole. People there smirking along with the assistant but didn't try to judge him as such wierd powers were very common. 
Then assistant headed back in and dvd turned on. It started like a comic book themed documentary film with a narrator speaking who sounded straight out of  70s superhero cartoons. The intro showed a  purple looking meteoroid(except it wasn't one) in space coming straight towards the earth and the date was April 1 2019. It looked massive  just a bit shorter than the African continent and as wide as Australia. But as soon as it touched the earth's atmosphere right above the north american continent, it dispersed into a purple smoke that spread all over the world mostly engulfing large  parts of the ocean, artic regions, north,south america and other parts. The ilm stated that the smoke stayed in the atmosphere for about 2 days before wierdly disappearing into nothing. Not so later, the  symptoms of changes were being seen in most of the people from the americas and even other corners of the world . Majority  weren't effected but the one who were, started experiencing some wierd and unconfortable changes. Some enjoyed and embraced them , while some hated it very much and some wanted to make the best of it although being a burden to them. The scientists who examined the affected people firstly were unable to do it due to complications for the experiments, but after finding ways to examine them, they found that only people who had the special gene (spg01 gene)  were affected giving them extraordinary mutations. There was a scene in the film that showed the night time image of the globe where before only the cities in the dark part  used to glow with yellow and white bumps but now we can also see certain parts of the ocean with glowing trials spread all over, moving along the ocean currents. It was probably the result of the changes due to the smoke absorbed by some animals in the ocean. Then the film cut to...a man saying "Have you been suffering from super powers that were granted to you?" "do you want to be successful on being a super hero that only few  get to be among the ones  who got the super powers?" "do you want to be famous and show the world your speciality?" " Do you want to show the majority UNSuNs(Unsuper powered normies) who have dominated you despite you having the super powers and not them?" "Then look no further I am the hero for you. The hero, a helper of the superhero that you are. This is Supo Man at your service."
The dvd ends and just then the angel winged assistant comes in calling for a person named "fire junk" to come in. Everybody laughed while the guy embarrassed, proceeded to the office. ( The people granted with super powers had to make  seperate citizenship which accepted  a superhero stage name along with their original names, and our guy over here being immature at the time chose "Fire Junk" soon regretting and unable to change it later) . In he came and saw a a guy sitting behind a huge desk, in a Hawaiian shirt and a straw hat sipping a cocktail looking at the guys info report with a chill and mildly interested look and a straw in his mouth. He looked like Bob Odenkirk from Better Call Saul. "Ah come on in . have a seat, Dilon." "Thank you. Wow, I haven't heard my name in such a long time. Only if i could rename it in my citizenship" said the guy. "don't worry, what's done is done. And btw i find the name very cool. Wouldn't mind me telling the ladies what a fire junk i have." Then he stands up to roam around his office looking at  the photos the guy had with famous people like the president and Arnold Schwarzenegger (with colosus like chrome metal body after the mutation) to name some. And Dilon eyes happen to look down to his feet and got shocked to see that he, wearing short pants HAD NO LEGS.no legs not as in they were amputated but as in they  were invisble . His whole lower body was invisible and  coz he was wearing them short pants, it looked as if he was floating like a ghost. They were still touchable coz the pants moved along with the legs and  the sandals wierdly attached looked like the unwore sandals on a floor that were moving on their own."cool, ain't it?" Supo man said."Its a great party trick to show them  and its pretty funny when chicks start sucking it, can't ever hold my breath when they start looking like they are just blowing air from their mouth. do wanna see me moonwalk? It a whole different dance if i did it. anyways. So you want to master it,huh?" "What?" Dilon fixated on his feet and lost asked. "your firery junk, your lava puking machine ... your superpower, wanna master it, don't you?" "Oh yeah, i feel hopeless"  "don't be, I've seen much worse but in the end they all do, master jt. But thing is , its  you who has to put in the work, not me. I'm the one who only shows you the path and you have to walk through it. Okay?" "Yah, I'm here to try my best" said Dilon. " So, Tell me , what  was your life like before the fire junk?"