  
The old man instilled a moral compass in me at an early age. He was a drinker, wasn’t nice either, and could never walk away from a fight. Unfortunately, those characteristics tend to lead to an early death, as they did for him. When they pulled his body out of the river all those years ago, he’d broken both his fists. I like to imagine he’d at least taken a couple down with him.   
Much like my father, I also lacked the ability to walk away from a fight, and I found myself in a lot of ‘em. I wish I could tell you what it was. For some it was about the challenge, sometimes it was the pain, and other’s gave me some vindication, like I was fighting for a cause.   
That’s what it was that night. I was in some dive bar on the west side of town; I couldn’t tell ya the name. It smelled like urine, and the company was… less than ideal. They were a rough bunch, agitated, loud, a couple shouting fights here and there but no match had yet to light the gunpowder. I wanted to walk away, had even paid for my drink and was one foot out the door when I heard that voice. Their words were slurred, liquor in their bellies and swelling their already inflated confidences like air into a flat balloon.   
“Girl, come over here,” his voice beckoned. I should’ve just walked away. I turned around and walked over to him. He had a couple of buddies sitting with him, they all looked so familiar in hindsight, but I’ve never been great with faces.   
“Well, aren’t you a looker,” he said as his eyes examined my body. I’d seen this type enough to know their deal. They’d probably offer me some money to stay with them for the night. Disgusting. They were cowards, hiding behind money and men who were bigger, badder, and stronger, while they themselves were nothing.   
I declined and walked away, but one grabbed me forcefully but the arm as I brushed past them.   
“Let go,” I remember saying, but he didn’t.  
Things get dark after that. I only remember it in flashes, so many hits to the head don’t fare well for the memory. When I woke up, I was in some flea riddled hotel I didn’t recognize, with a hotel key that wasn’t mine. I walked into the bathroom, and it was like I’d bathed in blood. Pieces of God knows what were tangled in my hair. I looked like a monster, and part of me found joy in it.   
I showered, washed off as much of the substances that covered my body as I could. I got out and treated my wounds. I turned on the news as I dabbed the cuts and lacerations with a bottle of vodka I'd found hidden under the bed. It was the top story. “13 dead in a suspected superhuman attack.” But that was wrong. Sure, I could take and throw a punch, but I was not super by any definition.   
“The FBI reported to the scene overnight,” a male voice stated over shots of the bar, “a majority the victims were high ranking officials of the crime organization Oculus. The Organization of Heroes claim to have no knowledge of the attack, and that the perpetrator was no ally of theirs. This conflicts with early reports, however, that no patrons directly related to Oculus were harmed, leading the FBI to suspect that the perpetrator may have been an ally. The police have released a sketch of the woman involved and citizens are being warned to avoid the woman in the sketch and contact the authorities immediately.” The segment ended with a sketch, and it was my face on it.   
I swore until I’d used every word that could come to mind, and then I went back and said them all again. I had really screwed myself this time around. I wanted to vomit, and then I wanted to laugh.   
I looked at that screen and thought about all the violence that filled the streets of the world, and how these “heroes” did nothing to help. I looked at my hands and balled them into fists. Maybe, this place needed a new type of hero. It needed something bad, in order to make it good. I couldn’t help but smile.   
Yeah, that was something I could do. 