Jacob Streak, the one who invented this devise, would sometimes use the small and compact machine for things other than getting justice in the court room. Nothing huge, but sometimes he would get into fights with his brother, John Streak. John would often argue that the money Jacob was getting was changing him. Jacob didnt like these accusations so he would go to John's house and erase his memory of all things bad about Jacob. 

The thing about this tiny devise that some how manages to let people see the memories of the people that have done bad in this world, is that the memories get trapped in the man or womens mind that does the erasing.

Jacob began to go insane. He started to go insane because the problems that John had against Jacob just kept coming back and Jacob kept erasing them.

When John started to worry about his brothers insanity he took him into a mental institution. But the problem was that no one knew why he was going insane so they brought the handy machine that Jacob invented and used it on him....... They found what they were looking for. John had been the one to volunteer, to take on the memories that was erased from Jacob's mind. He knew what he was doing, but he didnt care. John had been 20 when Jacob was born and wasnt getting any younger. He just wanted his brother to live a happy life and that meant taking on Jacobs burdens and perhaps even going insane depending on if he could handle the memories or not. 

He could handle the memories... 

When Jacob woke up in the cell he was very confused. He wasnt sure where he was but he knew what happened. He knew that he did something bad and they used his creation against him. He wasnt sure what he did or who he could have hurt or what was stolen but he knew he deserved to be there.

Jacob was put into that cell because the court found out that he was using the machine to erase his brothers memories. They knew this because when John woke up all he had was the memories of Jacob going into the house and using the horrible machine on John and the memories that Jacob had taken away from John.  The court decided that Jacob's punishment would be to suffer from the guilt of knowing he did something wrong and the curiosity of what he did. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is my first post on here and some advise would be great!

I think I need to use more punctuation but in my head I was picturing a monotone narrator so I didnt change any of the punctuation. What do you think?