I'm lying in the hospital. I'm surrounded by my children and grandchildren. I knew this day would come. I knew I would pass, despite all my pain and suffering these past days. Cancer, spread out through my body. I was just glad I got to spend so much time with my loved ones. But I was ready, oh so ready. I missed Jeff so much, my husband. And my twin sister, Annabelle.

My daughter Anne brushes my hair back, tears streaming down her face. My son Lukas is on my other side, his wife Nichole crying beside him. His face is stoic for his children, but his strong grip on my hand tells me that it's only by a thread. I know once I pass, his exterior will break and he'll cry. Good, his children need to know it's okay to cry. Nichole holds my youngest granddaughter, Zoey Marie, age 6 months. Tristan, age 10, stands beside her, my only grandson so far. I hope that Anne and Lukas continue to try for another boy. Anne's only daughter stands crying beside my legs, rubbing them. Kristine is only 3 years old, but she's aware of what's happening, despite her Down Syndrome. Anne's wife Kelly wasn't able to get here in time, she's away on business. But I know she'll take care of my daughter, they've already been together for 12 years. 

I look up at my daughter's crying eyes. "I love you, baby girl. I want you to keep your wife. Kelly is a good woman." I look over to Lukas. I see the wetness of held back tears in the corner of his eyes. "Your father would be so proud of your family, my leibchen. Remember to wash your shoes." At that old inside joke his tears come, as I knew they would. A sob rocks his chest. "Mom, mommy, please don't go." He whispered softly, but we all knew it was my time. Machines kept me alive and I was tired, so so tired. I looked down towards the children and saw my love, my husband. "Jeff.." I breathed. It was time. 

I closed my eyes and my breath stopped. The machine beeped once, then flat lined. Everyone started crying with renewed vigor. Anne hugged me, but I was no longer in my body. I was holding hands with the love of my life, my twin and second half has her hand on my shoulder. 

"Come, we have a journey to go through before we take you home." Anna guides me gently. I feel like I'm learning to walk again, almost weak as a newborn baby. "Where are we going?" I asked her. Jeff replied "The death strip." 

"What's that?" I have no idea what it was, but I didn't know how this works, either. "You'll see" is all he will tell me. Anna said "It's kind of like a movie." Which just confused me further. We continue to walk down the hospital, down the street, through the town. It's as if time is non-existent, which I guess makes sense. We finally come to an abandoned house, one I've never seen before. When I lived it was an empty lot. They escorted me into the furnished living room, which was covered in mirrors. "What is this?" I stared at my reflection, except it looked like I was 30 again, instead of 95. "The hall of reflection" was Jeff's reply. It showed him as 36, the age we got married. He passed away at 89. My sister looked 20, even though she passed at 76. 

The mirrors turn black. My sister sits me down on a couch. She sits to my left, Jeff to my right. The mirror in front of us lights up, showing... Me? I'm in a 1980 style baby walker, six months old. My babysitter is standing in the kitchen with me, the basement door is open and my twin is laying on the floor on a blanket. Anna starts to fuss, babysitter turns her back. I go tumbling down the stairs. It flashes to my mom, crying over me, the doctor says they did everything they could.

It flashes black, then shows me at two years old. Laying in the hospital, an IV attached to my tiny arm. I'm barely breathing, the doctor says the giardia is too far gone. My mom crying again. 

Another black flash. I'm six years old, crossing the street... I remember this one. Except in this version I don't move out of the truck's way fast enough. My tiny body is thrown down the road in a crumpled heap. My aunt comes running out, screaming. She goes to me, but it's too late. I'm dead. 

Another flash. Falling off the bunk beds, breaking my neck instead of my clavicle. Another flash. Drowning after my brother pushed me in the pool. Another flash. Dying from being bucked off a horse. Another flash. Not being treated fast enough for my erythromycin allergy. Another flash. Dying after being in an abusive relationship with my first husband. Another flash. Me getting hit by the car in my mid 20s. Another three flashes with three car accidents. Both of my children's births and my still birth. My first cancer battle, cervical cancer. My hysterectomy. My hip replacement. Four more car crashes. Each one, ending in my death. My mom crying over and over again, my family members sobbing upon finding me. Finally, my last death, lying in the hospital, surrounded by people who love me and who I love. My children and grandchildren, my legacy. At the end I'm crying, my sister is holding me.

Then, another flash. Tristan, graduating high school. Tristan, getting married. Holding his first and then his second child. Lukas giving piggy back ride after piggy back ride. Anna having her second child, a boy. Nikolai, after my father. Zoey growing up into the best divorce lawyer in the world. Kristine received the final treatment to end Down Syndrome, but left her unable to have children. Anna and Kelly holding their first granddaughter, Kristine adopted a baby girl. Nikolai giving them two more grandchildren, a boy and girl. Kristine adopting three more children. 

I'm crying again, this time in the arms of my husband. Jeff has happy tears streaming down his face as well. Anna is holding my hand, and the screen fades away as my son and daughter are happy, surrounded by their own families. 

We stayed there for some time. Finally Jeff asks "are you ready to go home?" I nod. The mirror shines a bright yet soft white light. We stand, hold hands, and walk through. My sister on my left, my husband on my right.