  

You had to score twenty thousand. That’s what it said on the back of the magazine. That’s the number that had irreparably burned itself into Eddie Powers’ mind. He’d called in just to be sure.  

But it wasn’t the score that interested him. It was the number beneath it, the one with the dollar sign hanging on the end. With money like that, Eddie could escape his orphanage. He could be free. 

In the grimy, ill-lit corner of Riviera’s Pizza Palace was the thing. It was like an antique carnival. Shimmering and magical and smelling faintly of sweet and sticky things. Eddie came up to it and ran his hand over the glass.  

The quarter jingled as it fell. The smell of salted foods and flashing lights crumbled into inexistence. What was left was the ball, and the ball was him. He snaked past the bonus bumpers, righteously pivoting and turning.   

Five thousand.  
   
The bumpers raced from under him, by some unseen power, he willed them upwards. He ricocheted against the coloured plastic into galaxies of points.  

Ten thousand.  

A ramp caught him, Eddie burst through the twirling pinwheels. His vision doubled, then tripled. He was the ball. All three of them.  

And at the same time, he could see it. The orphanage. A dark and ruined place. Squashed between lifeless blocks of concrete. Rotting floorboards, peeling wallpapers, insect-infested mattresses that were permanently cold and wet. Eddie saw the pale, dejected faces of children loved by no one. Eddie saw himself within that shambling crowd and knew that his next actions could erase the orphanage forever.   

Eddie traced dinging arcs across the chirping world. Fifteen thousand, eighteen thousand...   

And in this moment, Eddie felt useful. No longer did he feel himself a soggy carton swept away by brown rain in the gutter. Eddie was useful. Eddie was great. 

Sometimes, the act of lifting a pebble moves mountains inside us.   
   

‘You all right, kid?’ Eddie jerked out of the machine. All at once, the scent of melted cheese and stale cigarettes hit him. A tall man wearing a black suit and black sunglasses had his hand on Eddie’s shoulder. ‘Son?’  

In the machine, the three balls dropped mid-arc and tumbled between the lifeless bumpers. It sputtered, then shut down. In the seconds before the LED screen went out, Eddie glimpsed his score. His heart shrivelled. He hadn’t reached twenty thousand.   

‘Son?’ the man in the black suit pushed his hand harder onto Eddie’s shoulder. It hurt.

‘Yeah, I was just leaving,’ said Eddie. He made to go, but the man held onto him.

‘You like pinball?’

‘Yeah,’ said Eddie, trying not to sound nervous, ‘I play it from time to time.’  
   
The man’s smile brought to mind images of dead snakes. ‘Looks like you didn’t score enough for that big championship everyone’s talking about.’ 

Eddie allowed himself to relax. 

Then the man went rigid, ‘That machine isn’t plugged in.’   

Eddie stared into the lightless oblivion of the man’s sunglasses. ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’

The man leaned in close to Eddie, ‘I think you do, son. You have a talent, kid. It could be of service to your nation. Don’t you want to help your country, son?’

Eddie stomped on the man’s foot. The man recoiled, furiously cursing. In the half-second opening, Eddie bounded for his skateboard and blasted through the door. In the distance, he could hear other operatives getting up from their chairs.  
   
Operatives. That was that they called each other.   
 

Eddie had a title of his own. The Pin Whizz. That’s what the internet forums called him. There were posters, forum threads, fan clubs. Eddie Powers was a legend. A hero cloaked in mystery. And he suspected it wasn’t because he achieved high-scores.   

The operatives. They wanted Eddie for their catalogue. For their sick collection of first-borns. There were five disciplines of wizarding, and none of them were pinball, or whatever it was that let Eddie enter the game.   
   
He grabbed a telephone pole and swung around the street corner. Without hesitating, he pumped his sneakers hard against the asphalt and plunged into the darkness of the night. Behind him, sirens blared. Faint flashes of red and blue crawled closer. 

He’d discovered the ability a year ago when the tournament started. Now, he was two games away from winning enough money to escape the living nightmare he’d endured all these years: the orphanage.

It was only now, now that he was so close to achieving his dream, that the men in black suits, the operatives, were chasing him across town.  
  
Something had to change.   

Would he turn himself into the officials? No. Everyone knew what they’d done to the first girl that was a perception wizard. Syringes, arm restraints, a blood-stained surgical chair. Eddie figured a similar fate befell the official that had leaked the documents onto the Internet.   

Now, dozens of perception wizards were chasing him through the city. Eddie was willing to bet they hadn’t been born as perception wizards. 

The sirens got louder. Eddie felt their garbled warcries reverberating in his bones. He clenched his fists. Orphanage or laboratory, it didn’t matter. What mattered was Eddie’s freedom.  

After filthy drain pipes and rows of wire fences, Eddie emerged into a grotty bar. He didn’t bother asking the owner if they had it. Every tavern, cafe, and arcade had the pinball game Eddie needed. It was too blatant for any kind of coincidence.   

Eddie counted five men in suits sitting in the bar. They were perception wizards, so it was hard to stare at them for long, but Eddie had learnt to feel the oppressive sense of doom that accompanied their presence. For now, they sat and pretended not to notice him.  

Eddie pictured the orphanage. Then the stream of zeroes on the tournament's cash prize. Perhaps the cash prize had been part of the set up as well? Maybe the game was rigged from the beginning? A dead bumper doomed to spill every ball into the void?   
   
But there was one part of the deal that had to be right. Eddie knew it. He knew it with all of his heart. He’d called in just to be sure. 

A tall, thin man raced towards Eddie and said ‘Short on change? I’ll lend you a quarter.’  
   
‘No thanks, mister. I’ve got some.’   

Eddie set the camera on the table. It had cost him his skateboard and the rest of his pocket change. A small price to pay, all things considered. A moment later, the camera connected to the bar’s wireless network. *Five minutes should be enough*, thought Eddie.  
 
Heavy clunks. The lock on the entrance door, the windows, the toilets — all shut. 

This was it. Eddie had run out of all his extra lives just when the stakes were highest. All he could hear was his desperate heartbeat and his short, frantic breaths. The quarter jingled and rattled as it fell into the machine. From the corner of his eye, Eddie noticed the perception wizards tense. The carnival of wondrous dreamlights began.

Once more, Eddie tunnelled through the pinwheels and bumpers. He soared through vivid forests, free and joyous. When the man grabbed him, Eddie didn’t snap back into reality. He stuck himself into the game harder, funnelled his essence into the flashing strobe lights. For a second, he seemed to be fading away, his sight grew dimmer. Was this the end?  

No, it couldn’t be. Eddie concentrated harder and felt a part of himself fall a great distance, before slotting into place, like a misplaced gear slipping into the slot where it’d always belonged. He urged himself into the side bumper.

Nineteen-thousand... nineteen-thousand five hundred... *twenty-thousand!*

Outside the machine, the camera flash blinded the operatives. The next second, the boy’s body went limp.   
   
‘No!’ shouted one of the men. ‘He can’t have!’  

‘Impossible!’ 
 
Eddie’s face crashed through the pinball machine’s glass cover. 

Dumbfounded, they stared at the machine’s LED display. Red, all-caps letters tickered across: ‘GAME OVER. YOU LOSE, OPERATIVES.’   

An hour later, the forensics wizards came in to collect the body. Websites speculated, newspapers stole speculations and labelled them facts. In the familiar tradition, the headlines were soon announcing everything but that which had happened.

And in the commotion of top-secret documents and juicy scoops — a photo uploaded itself onto the Internet. And while perm-haired reporters fought for airtime, a binding legal agreement came into force. Twenty thousand dollars paid in full to a run-down, inner-city orphanage by a bureau that didn’t exist.

The rotting floorboards, the peeling wallpapers, and the vermin-infested mattresses were gone, replaced, repainted, and redone. And the pale, hopeless faces of the children, they changed as well. They dared to smile, despite the injustice of their situation. They dared to hope.

At night, the orphans still cried in their bunk beds. But it was different, now. These were tears of hope. Because they knew he had done it. They knew Eddie had achieved his dream. And every time the night lights flickered or a chirping ding sounded from the radio, their spirits lifted just a tiny bit.

Perhaps some games are rigged. A lot of them are. At the most pivotal moment, the bumpers freeze up, and our precious, silver pearls fall into oblivion. But that isn’t what matters. 