I look down at the bent needle.  Why is it bent?  I slowly glance upward to see a bead of sweat trickling down the doctors forehead.  His eyes are staring at the needle.  He stands there stoic like a statue.  I look back down at the needle.  

'GET OUT OF THERE' screams a voice in the back of my mind.  I push it back and down.

"So Doc, why uh, why did the needle bend?" I chirp past my nervousness

The doctor looks like he's perspired much more now.  His brow is soaking, his upper lip is beading.  Like he had run a marathon just 2 minutes ago before trying to inject me.  

'GET AWAY!  RUN!' begs the voice again.  

The doctor finally releases his grip on my arm and pockets the needle.  He looks a bit shaken as I notice a tremor in his hand as he pulls it back out of the pocket.  Something isn't right.  

'RUN!  GO NOW!' 

"Hey Doc, why did the needle bend like that?" I asked with even more nervous tone in my voice.

The doctor now looks me straight in the eyes.  His eyes have a fierce look to them with a wild fear to them.  He's scared out of his wits so much that he's visibly shaking from head to toe. 

'HE'S TRYING TO KILL YOU!' screamed the voice so loud that it blurs my vision.

The doctor lunges at me, trying to grab my neck.  I fall backward over the chair behind me, the doctor falls on me.  He's pulling at my shirt as I kick with my feet and reach out to try and grab something.  My hands slip and slide on the floor, the doctor is gaining on me.  My left arm comes in front of my chest as the doctor tries to land a punch at my throat.  His throw deflects off my wrist, and I finally get my right leg up, put my foot on his chest.  I push with all my strength launching him up and off me.  He falls backwards with no control, his arms flailing.  His neck slams against the counter and he slumps to the ground.  He's dead.

"What the fuck!?  WHAT THE FUCK!?!" I scream, adrenaline shooting through me.  I lay there, staring at his limp body.  Everything is rushing through my head.  Why did he attack me?  Why did he want to kill me?

The door swings open as a nurse is checking on the noise. She looks at me first, confused as to why I'm on the floor.  Her eyes look at me, and then glance to the doctor who isn't moving.  She screams "CODE BLUE!" and runs to the doctors side.  Two  orderlies run into the room grabbing me by my shoulders and dragging me out of the room.  I try to struggle away but they are larger and stronger than me.  They wrestle me to the ground on my stomach in the hallway.  

With my face pressed against the floor, and my vision narrowing I see the front doors of the hospital.  A deep fog had rolled in today.  And with the coal mines burning, the ash had been falling heavily today.  As dangerous as the fumes were outside, I had to escape this place.  My exit was only a couple dozen strides away.  

"Daniel!  I need your help, we need to get him on the gurney!"  said the nurse.

"I'm coming!" said one of the orderlies, he glanced at the other orderly "You got him?"   

"Yeah I have him"

Daniel's weight lifted off my back as he went into the room where the dead doctor was being tended to.  I could feel my strength coming back.  I was able to squirm free my arm from the orderly.  I reached out and grabbed whatever I could feel.  I yanked a small chair over my back and knocked him across the head.  He bounced off of me, and I was up instantly.  I flung the chair across him again with full force, bashing it twice across his back.  He groaned and crumpled into a ball.

I ran.  I ran as fast as I could.  My vision was getting more and more tunneled.  All I could do was focus on getting outside.  Getting away from this crazy place.  I slam into the doors, bursting out into the chilled air.  It shocks me how cold it is.  My breathe stolen by the fog.  The ash falls like silent angels feathers.  I take the moment to regain my wits.  I start walking down the road to the iron gates.  The adrenaline is now dissipating and pain is beginning to set in my ribs.  I pass the gates and see the sign of the hospital.

**Alchemilla Hospital - Silent Hill, West Virginia**

How did I get here?