The cabin was a bit creaky with drafts coming in through the windows on three sides. My captor stood over a block table silent dragging a set of knives across a honing rod. As the embers in the fireplace slowly sputtered as if it was on its last legs, I caught a glimpse of work as he turned to pick up another knife.

"You're doing it all wrong."

He stopped and turned slowly, almost incredulously. "Excuse me?"

"You're doing it all wrong." I repeated.

He looked back at the knives he was sharpening and then back to me. "So tell me, how **am** I supposed to do this?"

Should I indulge him I wonder? I mentally shrugged. I could kill him at any time as his ropework was pretty much a dead letter. "See that rod you're using to rub that knife against like a chef would? Its just honing out the edges so its straight. It isn't actually sharpening the knife at all."

"Huh." He looked back at his knives, eyes widening as if a revelation washed over him. "So what you're telling me is, all this time, I haven't really been sharpening these knives right, just straightening the edges out?"

"That's correct sir."

"I guess that's why it always felt a bit dull even after a session."

I nodded back to reaffirm his conclusions. "You'll need a whetstone to actually sharpen it, or a 45 degree edging blade."

"Are those on Amazon?"

"Yup, just $10."

Suddenly, sirens blared and spotlights blasted through the windows blinding both of us. The door burst open with heavily armed police ordering both of us to freeze and put our paws above our heads.

The corgi police captain stepped through the wall of SWAT and his gaze scanned the room, from the darker cardigan welsh corgi with a scar on its left eye, to myself, a pembroke.

I spoke up, "He's the serial killer!"

The cardigan retorted, "No way, that pembroke is the real Dark Corgi!"

"Come now," I reasoned. "Would the real Dark Corgi be tied up by an amateur who doesn't even know how to sharpen their own knives hmm?"

The corgi captain only took moments to consider my words before barking out orders to arrest the cardigan. 

But the cardigan wouldn't stand for it and [leaped at the captain](https://imgur.com/HophOdE). Chaos ensued.

In the confusion, I slipped out of the already weakened ropes and scampered up the fireplace to my freedom. The ash coating my fur allowed for perfect camouflage as I commandeered a corgi vehicle and [made my getaway!](https://imgur.com/StZKen3) as dawn approached.
