Today is a perfect day.

I got a letter from my father telling me that the war is over. "The Kingdom of Kensil has fallen. The king is dead and the castle is up in flames" the letter said. This was great news for me. This meant, that I did not have to become a knight anymore. I guess most people would be mad if after four years of training they accomplished nothing, but for me, becoming a knight meant choosing to die. Many great men and women died already by becoming knights, and I did not desire to be just another name carved into a rock. I want to be something more.

These were not the only great news. Today, me and Dirk decided to finally get married. My love said, that the world should finally know about the love we share, and I agreed. I could not be happier, I thought.

With these thoughts in my head I walked into my room. On my bed, a man, no, a shadow, was sitting. He looked at me with eyes full of blood-lust and boredom. "Hello" he said. He was tall, even then he was sitting. He wore a black cloak full of holes, he had a scythe on his back. It looked dull and even rusty. I approached him slowly. My eyes were searching around the room for a weapon. I saw my late brothers long-sword, and slowly started moving towards it.

 "I am a grim reaper. I am sorry, but today you have to die." "Why?" I asked without a second of hesitation. I understood that I had to buy some time. The shadowy looking man smiled. "Because Majesty Zachary said so." "And who he might be?" "He is the King of The Reaper Lands of course. You say you do not know him?" "Never heard of him, sir." The sword was now right next to me. If need be, I could take it in a moment. "You see, this world of yours is not the only one. The world from which I come is darker and more powerful. The leader of this world is Zachary The Blind - the most powerful man alive. He has been the ruler for over two hundred years, and has conquered all of the other world. for the last fifty years, we, his great warriors have been coming here, to your world, and killing men and women who would be a problem in the future, like yourself." "Then how do you plan on killing me?" "Death  is a gentle thing if you welcome it, like a soft breeze or a bashful  kiss." I glanced at his back "Then what's the scythe for?" "For the people who resist." "And how many do?" "Only one has so far." "One last question, sir. It's about the scythe. Do you only have to touch me, or you actually have to kill me?" Of course I have to kill you." "Then I resist!" I shouted as I lifted the sword and began to attack. "Finally, I was starting to get bored."

He raised his scythe and slashed the air. I jumped out of the way, and slashed him from the left. A white liquid oozed out of his wound, which I can only presume is blood. He screamed. "You bitch!". He swung again, but this time I could not move out the way. His scythe hit me in the leg, blood was everywhere. I slashed his left again, more white blood came out. I noticed, how he put all of the scythe's weight on his right arm. His movement became sloppy. I searched for an opening. Suddenly, he slashed the air right near my face. I felt the cold blade of his weapon. Warm liquid ran down by face. This hit left him open, and I took my shot. I sliced him with all the strength I had left and cut him in half. Both of his halves fell on the floor. He opened his mouth and spoke. "You cheap tavern wench! You got lucky today, but more will come. One way or another you will die!"

This is how my perfect day turned into the day, then the war against The Reaper Lands begun.