Over the past few days, there has been an increase in reports of people dying by sneezing. media and population are in panic, while scientists go days without sleep trying to figure it out. Is it a biochemical weapon, a new virus, or something else. Everyone has their own explanation and it is THE hot topic on their minds.

I know what is going on, well almost all of it. From what I have observed during my life, no one but me is aware of what exactly happens when we sneeze. Sure, there are some good medical explanations and there is a LOT (trust me, I researched sneezing to it's core) of superstitious beliefes about it, but the whole truth is yet to be uncovered. 

It turns out, that when someone sneezes, their whole body, every thought, emotion and organ, stop for a millisecond. This is body's natural reaction, a soft reset of the system that helps "install" a new "update".  What exactly is this update? I'll need to explain a different concept first, to help you understand this one.

There is a theory, that this universe is not the only one, but rather, just one of infinite universes, branching off a single point in time and inhabiting every branch of each possible outcome of a certain event. Remember when you asked that girl out, well that question branched your universe in infinite universes in which she said yes, infinite universes in which she said no and infinite universes in which she kicked you in the nuts. And each of this infinite universes keeps branching into infinite more branches to account for every possible outcome of your life.

In that case, what about the consciousness? Which you is the one reading this? If all yous are equally concious, what happens to those that die, what happens when you die? Can you imagine dying and yet still existing in this world, but not being concious of it? Earrie thought, one that actually led me on a path to my discoveries. Seems I have to address those questions as well.

First off, the only you is the one consciously reading this, the rest are mere simulations of possibilities, as far as you are concerned at least. Second, they have all died allready (and so did you, but thats a whole other theory) so don't worry about that eearie question anymore and focus, things are about to get confusing. Remeber that girl punching you in the nuts example, well, that branch produced infinite more branches which further branch out, some leading to a happy life and others, well, not so happy one. None the less, all the branches of a branch have to end at some point, even those in which you discovered the secrete of immortality and saw the end of that universe with your own eyes, which occured in roughly infinite number of universes. 

Once a branch ends, it backtraces to it's origin and sends a signal to other branches of the same origin. That signal is recieved in form of a sneeze, a small information package telling your alternate yous the ending of that potential. Now, in short, the universe is spread through time and space, meaning that the future has allready happened and that past is happening right now as well. So the concept of when becomes a bit fuzzy but it suffices to say that the signal is recieved "before" the actual branching happaned. Yes, the branch ended and "you" recieved a signal before the event that causes the branching occured.

This backtracking happens for all the branches of the event, and follows them all the way through their end, and once the best possible outcome is found, all other branches end suddenly and their common origin branch "installs" the update, making you chose the best possible option. When a branch ends, not because of your life ending, but because a superior option was found, the you in that branch dies while sneezing.  In my universe (we likely don't exist in the same one, or we do but won't forever) the mass sneezing death were likely caused by an upcoming catastrophy, a war or something which makes the process of eliminating branches faster, causing mass termination of unfavorable outcomes. 

In short, your life has allready played out in every possible way, and what you experience, what you chose, is the best possible outcome. I like to think that the deceased "me-s" in other outcomes, their experiences and lifes, still reside within me, finally enjoying the best possible life I can have.