"I'm afraid I must object," said Timonus the Upright.

Everyone at the table reacted, some throwing up their hands and some muttering unpleasantries under their breath.  The five gamers sat around a map of terrain speckled with gaming pieces.  At the head of the table a thin, tired looking young man sat behind a large, upstanding book.  He let out a long exhale.  

"What is it now, Todd?" he asked, the words seeming to sting his throat.

"I should think it obvious, Brenden.  We don't know why these soldiers deserted the Farwinian army.  Perhaps they are conscientious objectors protesting the unjustness of the war?  I simply cannot condone attacking this band as a paladin of-"

"Lawful good alignment," finished two of the other players in unison.  Jake and Marcus had heard this more times than they could count.

"I have a question," said a third player.  He was new to this campaign, and strangely would only play for this session.  He hadn't actually given his name.

"Which is?" asked Brendon.

"Can I activate my..."

He read from the page in front of him.

 "...mega fire grenade?" 

"A character of his low level should not have been given such a powerful weapon," said Todd.  "It's highly unlikely a character of his background and experience could have procured the resources to acquire an item of that quality."

"I just want to know if can," said the new player, raising a placating hand to the obese paladin.  

The ghost of a smile crept onto Brenden's lips.  "You can activate it whenever you like, though your fellow campaigners may not like it very much."

"I want to do it," the new guy said.

"What!" 

Timonus the Upright stood upright, crumbs falling from his tshirt to the floor. 

"I run," Jake said.

"I run too," said Marcus.

"I find this all very objectionable," Todd said.  "This person here isn't even a real member of this-"

"Mega fire grenade explodes," Brenden said, grinning.  "You should have run, Todd.  Your dead."

"I... but... you didn't even give me a chance to respond.  As a character of lawful good alignment I would never adventure with a rogue like that.  I find this all very objectionable."

He looked over to confront the new player, but he was gone.  In his chair only a puff of rising smoke remained.    