Money was life, that was how it worked. If you can't pay, you won't live on. Or at least that was what we were told. My medicine had run out and according to the timer I had maybe ten minutes left to live. All my work would fade into obscurity, whether it be my activism or my personal life.

I called up my girlfriend Daniela, otherwise called Dan, I needed to talk to someone in my last minutes, though I had promised I wouldn't call her now. We had already talked this over, she had no spare Money. Neither did Max who was barely scraping by, nor Oliver, despite his lucrative Job in the drug companys R&D sector, he was already financing in parts his sister, brother and Girlfriend, my parents were dead and I  had no other person I could ask.

"Hey Dan." I iniciated the conversation. 

"Hey." She responded, her voice cracking. I heared sad Music in the backround.

"Sorry, I knew I said I wouldn't call now, but the strain was too much." I told her, I had spend the last hour thinking about what would happen after death.

"I didn't expect you to keep that promise." She responded, "I cannot imagene what must go on in your head right now."

"So, what are you up to?" I asked.

"Work, and sorry, I really got to get back to that now, otherwise I will go down your way." She said, I heared her crying.

"I know, love you." I said and hung up. This was the worst part about this, nobody could be aound me when it happened. I had said my farewells in the past hours, but now there was nothing. I was to face death alone. 

I spend the next few minutes pondering this, staring at the cracky red of the sealing of the tent in Olivers garden into which we had moved before we completely ran out of Money. 
Just a few days ago, my life had been fine, but than the techsplosion struck and all of the workers of the factory in which I worked were fired, except for the bosses son in law, because nepotism was quite prevelant.  

I began singing songs I had heared often before I had sold my smartphone.
My entire being merged with these sad songs.

"May you be in heaven before the devil knows you are dead, 
may these winds be always at your back! 

'Cause when we are all just ghosts,
 and the madness overtakes us,
 we will look at the ashes,
 and say 'People live here'" 

My being was so merged with the songs that I didn't realise the passing of time as the clock came for me.

I was still singing when Max showed up.
"You are still alive?" His eyes went wide with exitement as I tryed to comprehend seeing him again, which I wouldn't have otherwise. He was here to get my body and sell the organs if they were of any value, something we had agreed to beforehand, so that he, Oliver and Dan could have a better life after my death.

"Seems like it." I said, still baffled by my aliveness.

"When should you have died?" He asked. I looked at my watch, the houres had floated by.

"Four hours ago." I said ecstatically. Now finally realising what this might mean.

He smiled from ear to ear, and I couldn't help but smile back like a little kid surrounded by chocolate and kittins. 

When I told him of this metaphore, he started loughing like crazy and so did I, though he was far louder. Dan and Olliver found us sitting in the tent this way.

"Why are you loughing?" Dans cacking voice shouted from outside, mad at Max.

"Guess who cheated death!" He responded.

"Still alive!" I shouted.

Dan came running into the tent and fell around my neck. Oliver came slowly into the tent, looking concerned.

"What the fuck?" He asked while Dan was kissing my face from top to bottom.

"Is something wrong?" Max asked him.

"Only that I immediately need a blood sample of yours." He said, pointing at me.

"Why?" Dan asked, pissed that he wasn't happy enough that I was still alive, but Oliver was always focused o the bigger picture.

"So he might Research what keeps me alive." I said. 

"Exactly, this might help me get to a cure." He added.

Maxes eyes turned wider than they had even before when he had found me alive.

"You mean there might be a chance to beat the virus here?" He asked.

"Possibly." He said, now smiling brighter than ever. We talked for quite some time and Oliver got his blood sample.

I spend the night with Dan while the others went to their own places.

"So what are we going to do now?" I asked her.

"Well, I am fairly cirtain I can provide for the both of us untill you get a Job." She said.

"I can now live on any Job." I said. The problem had never been that there were no jobs, but those empty just didn't pay for the meds and food.

The next evening, Oliver came to the tent while Dan, Max and I were sitting outside.

"So, today I did some testing on your bloodsample." He said.

"And?" I asked.

"Nothing so far, your blood reacts like any blood should when tested for the virus."

"So, I am infected?" I asked.

"As far as I can tell, yes." He responded. "But that is not all. There is nothing in your blood that destroys or clods up the virus."

"You are basicly saying he isn't immune in any known way?" Dan enquired.

"Exactly, and I really have no idea about how to explain your aliveness." Oliver responded. "I know only that it is great."

"Did you have to report anything about this?" Max asked.

"Not jet, we are in a mass blood testing phase anyway, so smuggeling in one more was no big deal." He said, we spend the rest of the evening talking and I spend the next day searching for a Job.

"Have you felt any change in the past few days?" He asked me the next day.

"Well, my fepression is gone, but otherwise. Not really." I responded, somewhat sarcasticly, not being depressed anymore was quite a huge shift.

"Have you found anything?" Dan asked.

"Well, your cells responds wierdly to the med." He said. "In the sense that they don't. See, the medicine works by getting your body to work, but this doesn't happen in you. I really don't see how this would protect you from the virus, but you effectively lived without the med all your life."

"So, I am immune and you still have no idea why." I said.

"Yes, and, on another note, do you have any living relatives?" He asked."I know your parents died and you have no ciblings, but are there any aunts or uncles?"

"I have a distant uncle in Russia, though I would not have heared if he had died or moved in the last years." I said and copied his last data onto a sheet of paper.
"Here." I handed the paper to him.

"I will call him." He said. We spend the rest of the day just talking, arguing over everything from god to anarchism.

I found a possible job for me on the next day, though I would start a few days later. When I got back to the tent, Oliver was arguing with the police, so I stayed away and went around the house, climbing over the fences.

Dan was standing next to the tent with two backpacks. As I saw over the fence.
Max was also there, handing her another backpack.

After dropping to the ground, I realised that the tent was gone.
"What is going on?" I asked.

"You are being searched for!" Dan replied, trying to keep her voice down.
"Take this, we got to go now." She handed me the backpack and we lept back over the fence, running off.

"Don't you need your meds?" I asked after we had gotten away from the sight and slowed down.

"Olli smuggled out a months worth when he heared you were searched for." She replied. "Apperantly someone didn't like you survivng."

"Now, one more time: What the fuck is going on?" I asked her.

"Well, trying to find out what is up with you Olli ran into some truble at work, after he did some unsceduled tests." She started. "So, he had to explain himself. This got all the way to the General director, who called the cops. Realising what had happened, Olli stole a months worth of meds for all he usually supplyed and called me on the way home. That is all I know."