One never did get used to the loneliness, of being the last life-form to ever speak. I used to take it so for granted - that there is oxygen to breathe, that we draw in air, then our vocal chords resonate and fill the space around us. But we, as my Sunday School teacher used to say, also need ears to hear. And most aliens don’t possess that.

It wasn’t a bad metaphor, for my condition, that central story of Sunday school: the parable of the messiah. I mean, I wasn’t THAT full of myself, to literally think of myself as a messiah. Don’t get me wrong. I’m not special even now, that I’m the last of my kind. The fact that I’m the last one is only notable because I have no one else of my own kind to save, to bring into the fold.

So much the better. I was always vastly uncomfortable with the process of conversion, with convincing someone else of something I could not prove to them. And it was all for naught. I don’t think the ones who called themselves saved were in the better place, at all, when it all ended as it did, in flames and fire. I think they simply ceased to be.

But a gospel message? Oh, I sure as hell had one now. I was like Paul on the road to Damascus – or better yet, Paul convinced he should take his message to the Gentiles, if the Gentiles were aliens. Best of all, this message of mine needed no faith, because I was living proof of the necessity of my word.

Here am I: the first human you will meet, and the last one as well. Let the Thomases of the outer galaxy poke their bony appendages into my side: look, I still bleed, oh doubting ones. What more proof do you need?

If only it were that easy. If only. If only the Word made flesh had landed in a land of speech, it would have made the struggle at least comprehensible. I found myself wandering in the outer desert of the universe in a state of perpetual doubt. I had to warn other forms of life about what might happen, if they did not learn for our history. But it was more difficult than I ever could have imagined it might be.

The first step was establishing communication. This wasn’t always possible, of course. Some beings were too large or small to know I was there, at all. I had my instruments, packed away on my ship as I sped through outerlying solar systems, finding smallish, rocky planets in that middle-distance range of orbit around a smaller star. If I was able to land on the surface, I did, where I took readings of the life-forms around me. Most life-forms were simple bacteria. I’d sigh and move on.

It wasn’t always possible to land, of course. Some surfaces, with their lakes of pure acid or methane, were simply too inhospitable. And then, I would hover in the skies, trying to establish communication with them, whoever they were, if they were there at all, which I wasn’t always certain of.

I would send down codes of every kind to see what they responded to. Mathematical equations. Radio waves. Text encoded in binary. Pictograms. Geometrical puzzles, particularly unfolded nets. I always smiled when I did this. Carl Sagan’d had the right idea, turning puzzles into building exercises, communicating two ideas at once. Bless the patron saint of our pale blue dot.

But despite the genius of that idea, I was so rarely successful. I would bombard them with messages and receive nothing at all. Not a blip or stray radio wave. That is, I heard nothing, until I met them.

What was it like, meeting them? I might as well read out the Vision of Ezekiel to you, and you’d have about as much of an idea. It was flashes of blinding light, and synaesthetic sensations blurred in my body. I experienced everything except for sound. The aliens weren’t an appearance, but an encounter. They tasted metallic, like lemon-juice against copper. They smelled like sea-air. They were incorporeal except for their own blinding pure light, which sometimes shifted into the strangest, deepest darkness of unfathomable depths.

At first, I believed, after decades adrift in space, that I was imagining them. They were nothing but hallucinations produced by my intense loneliness.

But they spoke to me. They spoke to me by crawling over my skin, which produced a feeling like rolling on an ant-hill, the sensation of a thousand pricking insect-bites. They spoke to me with other tactile means, when they saw how much the ant-crawling thing freaked me out. They invoked things in me that I knew, which were pleasanter: water and sunlight; sand and wind. I got the sense that they were curious, and, after a time, the sharp-metallic taste of their visitation dulled and sweetened. Meeting them became a little more like digging my nails into lemon rind until its flesh tore at the pith, fresh and cleansing, and somehow satisfying, deep-down, in a way I can’t explain.

Is this making any sense? I doubt it. I’m on my deathbed, and I’m rambling for no one, because no one is going to listen to this recording. But, let it be known, after quite a time spent with me hovering above them in my ship, letting them ply me with the weirdest, trippiest experiences a human body has ever had, I had a feeling I was getting somewhere.

So I thought of how to convey my message to them, about the thing that had ended humanity. Well, it wasn’t one thing, but several things: the bad luck of asteroids coupled with widespread warfare, famine, crop decimation, and acid skies.

I didn’t know how much, if any of this, applied to their own lives. I mean, heck, they didn’t even have corporeal bodies. I had no idea how they had produced something which seemed like a mind, or whether any of our human problems would be relevant to them. Could they even die, if they had no flesh?

But when I was done, I knew they had understood me enough to see that this was the final act of a great tragedy, the story of humankind. They pressed themselves against my skin, and that lemon-peel-copper feeling of contact was entirely gone. In its place was the ebb and flow of some phantom liquid, which washed over me soothingly until my wild heart stopped beating so fast.

“Can you tell any others, whoever they are?” I asked them. “You’re made out of light, or something like that. Maybe you can reach the forms of life I can’t reach so easily on my ship. I’m kind of slow,” I pleaded. “And light is the fastest thing I know of.”

I don’t know why I spoke aloud, alone on my ship, except for my visitors, who hovered both inside and outside my craft at once, unconfined by walls of any sort. They didn’t understand English. I don’t think they understood what abstractions were at all. I think they sensed my heart-pounding, and felt my sweating palms, and thought that they hadn’t soothed me enough in my grief. 

The next thing I knew, I was unconscious. The following minute after that, I was waking up, as if from a prolonged sleep, as though an eternity had passed.

I was in a rough-hewn cave, whose walls were concealed in darkness. It opened to an oculus, from which poured forth pure white light, a cavernous pantheon.

The ground was covered in rocks, but as I approached them, they stirred: these were not rocks, but living things. Their outer shells were transparent as a chrysalis, and within them moved small life-forms. I stared, at small hands tucked against sides, and curled feet. I gazed at unseeing eyelids which had not yet opened, which were still closed in that dreamless duration of time before conscious thought. I saw a small mouth yawn, and then the child rolled over in her rest and nestled her head against the side of her egg.

I looked down. Beneath my feet was the Milky Way galaxy, spreading below into the vastness of eternity, beyond which gathered strange star-systems I had never seen before. And above this:  cosmic dust, white and pink, enveloping them, and me, in this matter, which would one day contract and cause their birth. They were not yet there but immanent. And I, in that moment, was, too.

Were these children mine? They were not mine. I understood that much. I’ve never been much of a prophet, but I knew what I saw. There was once human life and there might be again, and that the stars which birth matter might do so once more.

It is time, now. It is time for me to rest, for much longer than three days. Perhaps it will be forever, an unending night. 

But perhaps, despite all odds, there might be another resurrection. 

r/eros_bittersweet