“Think about what you’re doing,” Fredrick pleaded, another man stood next to a large red button, the protective hatch opened. His superior, Fritz, had somehow managed to override the security measures by himself, and was one push away from erasing humanity, permanently.

“If you press that button— if you open Pandora’s box… that’s it, we don’t get a second chance.”

Fritz sighed deeply, “I’ve thought about it… a lot, it may seem absurd to someone so fragile,”

Fritz turned to face Fredrick, a determined look coloring his face, “It’s the *only* way,”

Had he completely lost his mind? Fredrick couldn’t believe that this was happening, the fate of life on Earth was to be decided in this small stuffy room, in a battle between reason and insanity. He resolved to stop Fritz at all costs, he needed to buy some time, leverage, anything!

“How can you say that, Fritz?” Fredrick began, “If you wish to die, and I mean if that is truly your wish—”

“I wish it with all my heart,”

Fredrick moved a couple of steps towards Fritz, placing a hand on a large mahogany desk, “Why destroy everything along with you? What gives you the right?”

“You don’t understand, Fredrick, how could you? After each death I am reborn, my memories remain, and I am cursed to live another meaningless life from beginning to end,” Fritz studied the ugly and pronounced veins on his osseous right hand, “to watch all your strength fade, to come undone, and then do it all again!”

“What are you talking about, Fritz? Immortality… Have you completely lost it?”

“I’ve lived many lives, my dear Fredrick. I’m sick of it, I am always reborn as a new human being, you see,”

“…an idea came to me, Fredrick, if no more human beings existed, my curse would be lifted, I’ve tried everything else!”

Fredrick stopped edging towards Fritz, perhaps he could reason with his sick mind, humor him?

“You must agree, Fritz, that this all seems quite unbelievable. Let’s sit down,” Fredrick gestured to the two large brown-leathered chairs that sat by a small table, in the corner of the room, “Tell me the stories of your past lives, if you are being truthful, you should have no trouble convincing me,”

“Look at me, Fritz! If you are being truthful, if this is your only answer, then I will make you see that your suffering is justified!”

Fritz was silent for a long time, Fredrick considered bolting towards Fritz to incapacitate him, but before he could make his move Fritz nodded. He appeared almost amused, “Alright, Fredrick, the fate of the world is in your hands,” he remained standing next to the button, “If you can convince me that I should not end it all, I will never attempt something like this again,”

Fritz gave Fredrick a wry smile, “Let us begin, then… from the day I got cursed,”
*****
End of part 1? Thank you for reading!

**EDIT:** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/aawcin/wpyou_are_born_immortal_but_only_your_mind/ecxm3pf/?context=3) in the comments below, replied to this comment. Thank you for all your comments thus far!