"Holy moly I think what's this Xmas miracle that everyone received some kind of business card with lights. Weird little distractions bet they'll all be gone by Easter. I remember when the pet rock thing was a hit, hmpf fads they come and go..."

"Now these huge screen contraptions I wonder what they are for... Must be some new electronics for sports games but why would everyone need them. A home television is just as good. Are they supposed to be mirrors or tinted windows ... Very odd. " As I stepped on to the street and began frantically looking left and right I realized something was off as everyone was involved with their little tiny screens and their big new screen, one played lights sound and seemed to be interactable. People we're using them as if they had been a gadget you talk to or listen to. I became confused excited and my happiness of being let out of the elevator suddenly turned to fear that I had missed out on something big. Was someone playing a prank on me or had I secretly lost more time than I had previously thought. What did it all mean. As I turned the corner I wasn't watching what I was doing and I slowly realized that I was falling. Falling into an open manhole cover. Just my luck I had been stuck going up now I was losing my balance and going down. Into this hole... My life suddenly flashed before my eyes and I say things that I assumed were supposed to be future events and it dawned on me that I perhaps had come to an unknown future and somehow was needed to make wrong right and things that we're right wrong. Like everyone staring at their screens... As I was falling I say a glimpse of many faces looking at their screens distracted by light up bulbs of color draining life from their eyes no one even seeing my plight... As I fell further the information streaming before my eyes told me that these were a sickness something ailing the human race. Some one or thing had taken over us and was controlling our brains creating consumers out of humans. Using us for our capital and eroding our intelligence as a species. Is this what we were evolved to become. Hapless drones toiling away, my final fall walloped me good on the head but I was alone and at least alive. I stood up and vowed to take this threat to the top, to see from the highest peak what it was that could be done... I didn't have time anymore to be a man, I had to be bigger than that. Better, bolder and finally pull the wool from beneath the world's eye... 