######[](#dropcap)

Makena's heart raced in her throat as she burst out of the cobblestone alleyway, not daring to glance back lest the Iker that was chasing her caught up. She had absolutely no interest in being pierced by its long, praying mantis-like claws first thing on a Sunday morning. Of course, it wouldn't be completely undeserved, but surely stealing one little hexbolt wasn't worth her life. 

But the Iker didn't think so as it screeched, a horrifyingly shrill sound that threatened to burst her eardrums, and loped after her, its compound eyes a fiery red. 

Makena leapt over the merchant's table that had been set up on the side of the street, just blocking the alleyway. She winced. "Sorry!" she apologized, glancing briefly back, and the merchant looked at her inquisitively before the Iker burst through the table, howling.  

"My cabbages!" she heard distantly. 

But there was no time to turn back and make things right. The ship-building competition was in three days, and if she was caught and thrown in jail for the next two, she'd never be able to build it in time. And without that money...

She weaved through the crowded marketplace and brought up her hood to hide her silver hair. She glanced back. She couldn't see the Iker anymore, but that didn't mean it wasn't there. They were masters of camouflage, and she'd been burned more than once by her assumptions. When she passed by a Kuvla's stand, where they were selling fresh agave, her stomach growled. She pressed a hand to her belly. 

She hadn't eaten in two days. Her fist clenched around the hexbolt, warm in her hand, as she passed by stand after stand of food. There would be plenty of it after the competition. She'd already scoped out the other builders, and her ship was by far the best. The hexbolt was the last thing she had needed, and with it, she was guaranteed to win. 

She ducked into another alleyway and whipped around, slowly backing away. She was close to the docks now, and if she could reach them, she would for sure lose the Iker among the shipment containers if she hadn't already. 

But it seemed she was safe for now. There was no commotion besides that of people bartering for food and goods. No shrill shrieks.

Makena breathed out a sigh of relief, her heart finally calming down. 

Until a voice sounded in her ear. "Going somewhere?" it hissed, series of clicks mixed into its gravelly voice as it sounded from from behind her. 

She whipped around, and her face paled. Now that it was on top of her, she wouldn't be able to escape. Although Ikers didn't move very fast, they had lightning fast reflexes with their claws. She wasn't going to get out without some permanent scars. The Ikr seemed to know this, and it bided its time, slowly using its back four legs to walk up to her confidently. "Die," it hissed, raising its claws. 

Makena's mind raced. Should she beg for forgiveness? Should she try and fight back? 

Then the sky went black.  

But she had no time to wonder why or how. Ikers couldn't see in the dark, and she'd never been so glad her mentor had gotten her fitted with night-vision contacts. Without hesitating, she ducked back and tucked on her gloves, then began scaling the walls of the alleyway, the Iker's claws just hissing past her ears as it blindly struck out everywhere. 

A loud, booming voice suddenly sounded out through the market's PA system. "Sorry for the wait. The sky rework has been enabled. Enjoy." And a second later, she blinked as everything was thrust back into the light. 

Below her, the Iker whipped around, desperately searching for her. Then it spotted her, and its eyes narrowed. Without hesitation, it dug its claws into the sides of the buildings, creating its own grips as it came after her. 

Makena climbed faster. Once she was on top of the building, she knew the network of rooftops even better than ground level. She'd be fine. Her hands gripped onto the side of the building, and she vaulted herself up. 

Only to see a ladder in front of her, reaching up towards the clouds. 

After analyzing the situation for half a second, she cursed. She had no idea where it would lead, but it was the safer option. The Iker wouldn't scale ladders. She would just have to take the risk that she wouldn't be crossing jurisdiction lines. Faster than she had ever moved before, she scaled up the ladder. 

Only once she broke through the clouds, she froze. Instead of the stocky, brick architecture of Arcadia, the buildings here were a sleek silver, with rounded edges and curves. In the distance, a silver suspension bridge connected the edge of the island she was on to another. A network of floating islands. 

Makena tried to run through her geography and history lessons, but nothing came to mind.  

She gulped. 

Where was she?

*****

I'll write a part two if there's interest! 

Also, I write a lot of fantasy stories like this at r/AlannaWu if you're interested in that kind of thing!

