"You can't be serious," Mahathir yelled. "Why does Najib get to be the Prime Minister? I thought last scenario ended with me picking Badawi?"

The DM sighed.

"Look, if we played that arc, no one would enjoy it. Anwar's still in jail. You'd be retired. Najib's still just a deputy and nothing interesting would happen. Everyone'd be snoring throughout that part of the story."

Najib nodded furiously throughout the DM's speech. 

"You," Mahathir said, pointing a finger at Najib, "Stop it."

Najib froze at once.

"Trust me, M. I've been working on this scenario for months. This one's going to build up to an amazing climax."

"Just like the last time?" Mahathir said sarcastically.

"You did step down to save your political party and win the elections. It was a heroic move. You saved UMNO. You saved the day."

Mahathir folded his arms. "By retiring." 

"Yes!" The DM said, "You retired, and look, nothing much happens during Badawi's time. It's better this way. He undoes some of your policies but that's because they were unpopular with the people. Don't worry, the good part's coming. The opposition wins big in the 2008 elections; not big enough to topple the old government Badawi led, but it's a blow to his name. So he decides to step down even though the National Coalition survives. Naturally, Najib, as second in command would step into place. In fact- hold on, I forgot-" 

The DM rolls a D8. 

"Yes," he exclaims. "In fact Anwar gets released during Badawi's time and is now in the running as the head of the Opposition. 

"What?!" Mahathir screams. "Do you know how many opportunity rolls I had to make to send him to jail the last time around?"

Anwar, who had been sitting patiently beside Kit Siang watching the argument enfold coughed deliberately. 

"Dude. You sent me to jail over a SODOMY accusation."

"So what if I did," Mahathir said with defiant vehemence. "That was a perfectly beautiful 20 and our friend the DM approved."

The DM groaned. "I had no choice- BUT anyway, gentlemen, look. Are we going to sit here and argue about the scenario itself or do you want to play it already?"

"Hmph. Fine!" Mahathir said. "I thought I could play as Badawi being my proxy but whatevs!"

Mahathir grabbed the D12. "But it shouldn't be that easy for Najib though. I think he needs to start with a scandal looming over him."

"Now, now, Tun," Najib said, leaning forwards. "That's not very proper."

But Mahathir had thrown the dice. 

It was a 10. Everyone's gaze lifted from the dice to the DM.

"Uh. It's not a full 12 exactly..." 

"How about this," Mahathir declared. "Before Najib became the Prime Minister, his deal with the Scorpene submarines run afoul."

"What? How?" The DM was delirious.

"He..." Mahathir trails it off in a moment as he stares at the globe on a cabinet beside their gaming table. "His bodyguards!" Mahathir exclaims. "They're found to be guilty for murder of the translator who was overseeing the deal with the French." 

"She'll be from Mongolia," Mahathir quips, his eagle gaze still fixated on the globe. "It'll be a grand scandal, but only the bodyguards are tried and hung."

"Yes," Anwar says grinning, "That's a good one, M. I like where this is going."

Mahathir nods. "And so the citizens of Malaysia are appalled by this incident. A royal inquiry is called for."

The DM looks from Mahathir to Anwar and finally Najib. Beside Najib, Kit Siang is smiling while giving Najib a pat on the back.

"Uh, guys? Who's the DM here?"

"Roll with it." Mahathir says matter of factly to the DM.

"Urgh!" The DM rolls his eyes before picking up 2 D12. "Fine. Anything to get you guys started on this scenario that I've worked my ass on."

He passes the dice to Najib. "Now you make a skill roll," DM says to Najib. "Make it count."

Najib looks confused. "What am I rolling for?"

"If you have to ask, you probably won't understand. Just do it."

Najib rolls the dice. They amount to a 2 and 6. 

"Okay," the DM says looking through his notes. "So.... did you use Inspire Confidence? Or Subterfuge Bribery? You're Prime Minister but you also double as the Finance and Defense minister so by dual classing, you get some special skill unlocks previously not available to either of the classes. Plus you get a +2 from your Prime Minister's Honeymoon Exemption. That effect lasts for the first two months you sit in office of course."

"Hurry it up," Mahathir calls out as he taps his fingers impatiently.

Najib's eyes glaze over. "Umm, the last one."

More notes shift around.

"Okay," the DM finally speaks much to Najib's relief. "You survive the inquisition. The trial by media is not so kind however. Opposition, do you guys want to pull anything off?"

"Is this an encounter?" Kit Siang asks.

"Not yet," the DM says, adjusting his glasses. "You're all still technically in the city, so.. uhh, I'll consider it a Special Encounter."

"So we still get free actions right?" Kit Siang says.

"Well..."

"I'll use Social Media Contacts," Anwar cuts in. "Call in a favor from my blogger buddy, Pete. He was super helpful last scenario. Now that the times have moved forwards, I'm sure the Malaysians are more susceptible to social media effects."

"Fine. Make a roll, Anwar," the DM says as he pushes a D8 towards Anwar.

Anwar frowns. "Hey, why do I only get a D8 and not a D12?"

"The political heat has died down ever since you got out of prison. The economy is actually doing well for a change and-"

"You're making that up as you go," Mahathir accused the DM.

Without missing a beat, the DM shoves a page from his notes in front of Mahathir while he went on

"-the Malaysians.. well, cared far less about politics as much as they did before 2008. That's because they thought the opposition could finally win but even the Chinese tsunami of voters did not bring about a change in government. For 50 long years the same ruling coalition has been in power... people had hoped that 2008 was the precursor to something great, something differe-"

"Yeah, yeah!" Mahathir interjected. "Less talking, more role playing. Can we proceed? Anwar, roll the damn dice already."

Anwar reluctantly obliged. 

The DM studied the results for a moment. 

"No good. Your social media guy breaks rank. He's been trying to pin Najib for the mongolian translator murder since but he gets jailed instead under this new draconian act Najib establishes."

"I did?" Najib asks incredulously.

"Yes. Yes you did. Because we need to get to the scenario already, guys."

"Alright," Najib says loftily. "But can I say something?"

Mahathir is about to shake his head but the DM is quick to supersede.

"Fine, out with it."

"I just want to say, I don't like where all this is going. If there's a Chinese tsunami in 2008, I'll need to double down my efforts against them in the coming election."

"You do that," the DM says, rolling a D20. "And it's a success."

"What?" Mahathir cuts in tersely. "We haven't even started the scenario."

"That's right. I'm still setting up the pieces."

"What the-" Mahathir grunted. "How long is this #$@#ing campaign supposed to last? Can we get to 2014 already?"

"Oh," the DM winks knowingly. "We're not covering the 2014 election. We're doing one that leads up to 2018."