God sighed, “Jesus H. Christ…”


“You called?”  Jesus leaned into the heavenly office.

“Uh, no…well…yeah.  Can you look at my computer?  I seem to have a corrupted file.  The lizards are gone, and now Earth has these silly primates….look at them, all soft and arrogant!”

“Sure, father.  Give me a second- I have to finish this porch swing for Gabe.”

“Okay son.”

So while he waited, God, Allah, Yahweh- the divine being with many names- watched his screen intently.  He could not believe what these silly primates had done.  Some good. Some bad.

“I need a better resolution.  Maybe Jesus can recreate this ‘4K’ these humans have, my eyes are straining”.  He continued to observe his ant farm, randomly zooming in on various individuals.  He was looking around in New York City.


Meanwhile, poor Teddy was walking to work, he missed his bus this morning.  A black man named after Theodore Roosevelt.  His father lost a bet.  He checked his Iphone to see when the next bus was coming, or if he could walk to another stop and catch it there.  He could, so he headed to the next stop 1 mile away.  He noted the time.
“Shit… I’m going to be late.” He was running.

Poor Teddy was in such a rush that he crossed the road without looking.  He became a Pollock painting of meat and blood.  He didn’t see his life flash before his eyes.  Instead, he saw a hand reaching, pulling him into the light.  

“Damn!”  God couldn’t believe he just saw this poor Teddy get plastered by a bus.  He called for Jesus.

“Son, did you know about these people?”

“Yes, father, I was supposed to die for them, remember?

“Hmmm, I don’t recall.  You didn’t?”

“Are you crazy?  They tried to kill me for simply talking about you.  I just faked it and got out of there, man.”  

“I see….I need you to do me a favor.  I may just start a brand new save, and just destroy this one- maybe reintroduce dinosaurs, or even an intergalactic invasion, but I would like to speak to one of them.”

Confused, but never one to disobey, Jesus asked, “Any one in particular? There have been some real doozies.  I once saw a crazy man with a little mustache almost take over the world.   There have also been some real thinkers- a man named Socrates is supposedly a special one.  Maybe even…”  

God interrupted, “What about this Teddy guy.  He was just hit by something…”

“A bus, father.”

“Yes yes a bus! Quickly grab him before the bus eats him! Bring him to dinner.” 

