"Okay, guys, so you take a long rest. You get all your spell slots and hit points back. Was anyone taking watch?"

Didymos shrugs. "I mean. We're in a garden in the middle of Jerusalem. Who's going to attack us in the middle of a city? I think we're good -- besides, we're pretty high level, right? What's the worst that could happen?"

"Haha, alright, fair enough. Petros?"

"Hm," the cleric replies, "I'm working at like two levels of exhaustion right now. Would taking watch mean I don't lose any of those during the rest?"

"You're not sure. You're very tired, though, and Iēsous asked you to stay up with him a while."

"I guess I'll try?"

"Alright, go ahead and make, like, a CON save for me? Just to see if you can will yourself to stay awake here -- you're _pretty_ tired, dude."

"CON save, sure, I'm... not great at those. Uh... 9?"

"Yeah, nah. You fall asleep a few minutes after everyone else. Iēsous comes and wakes you up a few times in the night, asking you to stand by his side, but, yeah. Your spirit is willing, but your flesh is weak."

"Damn."

"Okay, so after your rest, Iēsous rouses you all. 'Are you still sleeping and resting?' he asks. 'Look, the hour has come! Rise, all of you! Here comes my betrayer.'"

"Whoa, what. Can I make a Perception check?"

"I mean, he's pointing down the path at someone holding a torch and walking this way, but... sure?"

"Haha, 23."

"I have a passive perception of 18, do I see it?"

"Yeah, Iakōbos, you see it. All of you see it - him, rather. Andreia, you know who this is, and once he gets closer the rest of you all recognize him, too. It's Judas. Andreia, you see that he's carrying this torch to light the way, he has a small bag of coin on his belt loop that wasn't there the last time you saw him. Oh, and he's flanked by two burly-looking guys wearing scale mail, with swords and clubs at their hips."

"What."

"Judas, what are you doing here? How'd you find us? Where'd you go after the Supper?"

"He doesn't answer you, Petros. He's looking right at Iēsous. 'Greetings, Rabbi!' he says, stepping forward and kissing him on the cheek."

"Can I make like. An Insight check?"

"I mean. He's not really saying anything that is or isn't a lie, but. Yeah, I guess you could try and get a read on him, if you wanted."

"Cool, cool. Uh... Wow. 7."

"Yeah dog, Judas is just giving Iēsous a big ol' smooch for whatever reason. Just a good, friendly, no-ulterior-motives cheek peck. Like you do."

"Son of a-"

"'Do what you came for, friend,' Iēsous says, and Judas nods to the two burly dudes - who you realize now are guards of the Sanhedrin? - and they both draw their weapons and start approaching you."

"He _sold us out???_"

"Oh I'm gonna kill him."

"Guys. What are you doing? Are you letting this happen? Right now the guards are trying to grab Iēsous. They have manacles."

"Yeah, fuck that! I draw my sword and go for a killing blow. I'd have sneak attack, right? Since Iēsous is within 5 feet of him?"

"I... hm. Yeah, I guess so. Roll an attack, Iakōbos."

"...fuck."

"1?"

"Yeah."

"You bring your sword up, ready to slice down on this guard's head, but your grip falters at the last minute and the guard pulls away in time - you don't cleave through his _head_-"

"Oh here we go."

"But you _do_ manage to chop off his ear. There's a spurt of blood and the guard screams."

"Do we need to roll initiative?"

"Uh... no, not yet. As you do this, Iakōbos, Iēsous, like. He shakes himself free of the guard that's holding him and grabs your sword arm? 'Put your sword back in its place,' he says, and he's addressing all of you, now, 'for those that live by the sword die by the sword.' And you watch as he, very gently, bends down and picks up the bloody ear that you've severed from this guard and turns to him, putting a hand on his shoulder to calm him down. He brings the ear back up to the side of the guard's face, and there's this flash of pale light as he lays his hands on the guard, and after a moment the ear is back on like it had never been severed.

"Then you see something else. Coming up behind Judas and the guards is a very large crowd of people, armed with swords and clubs like these guards had. They're all dressed in robes of the Sanhedrin. Some of them you recognize as temple-goers, rabbis, acolytes. The high priest is with them."

"I run."

"You're *what?*"

"I have a +13 to stealth what do I have to do to get the fuck out of here."