I sniffed as I flicked ash from the smolder butt held in yellow teeth and gazed upon the vast Nothing that had become All. Smolder pits squinted in my eye sockets and I dragged my bony fingers along the back of my skull as if I truly experienced some itch along the fissures. I'd seen humans do it for millenia, and I guess I picked it up along the way. Well, that and smoking. She was late. I sighed, it sounded like the moan of a thousand graves. I flicked the butt out into the ethers and lit up another. "Come on, come on." I muttered, glancing down at my watch. Okay, it wasn't like I had a schedule to keep anymore, but still. It was time to pack up this whole mess of Existence and move on.

And then She was there. Hesitantly, but not desperately, looking around. More out of habit at this point, I imagine. She was looking for something, *anything* that still Was. Sorry miss, I've got all the cards. And the chips. "Hello, Death." She said upon closing the distance. Her tone was... perturbed. There was no fear, no anger. She didn't sound resigned either, I got the feeling there was going to be one more fight.

"Life." I sucked deep on the cancer stick and blew a cloud of smoke into the space between us. She blinked, hard, and then gave the slightest of coughs. "How's life been treating you?" Had I flesh I imagine there would have been a shit eating grin splitting my face from ear to ear.

"Fuck you." She muttered. "Gimme one of those..." I handed over the crumpled pack of cigarettes, and the matches. It took her a few minutes, and a couple more coughs, but I'll be damned if Life didn't take to it like a natural. "I guess it doesn't matter anymore, does it?" She stared back the way she had come, taking in the vastness emptiness of it all.

I nodded. "Did it ever?" I asked. It had been my go-to argument since the beginning. Things were born, then I got them. Sure, there had been fun time along the way but in the end there was nothing but death, destruction, and decay. It always played out the same in the end.

And there was the anger. Her eyes blazed gold. **"Yes."** She calmed, but her tone held that anger. "It was always worth it. The countless joys, the endless sorrows. It was all worth it." She took another drag, and this time she smirked. "Besides, your works not done." She dropped the half smoked cigarette and crushed it beneath her heel.

There was an odd look of triumph on her face. I wracked my brain trying to see her angle. I finally grunted in frustration. "Okay, what's the play? You can't get out of this. There's nothing left. *Nothing*. It's just us. You, and-" and that's when I realized it. 

Life smiled. It was a wicked, vicious thing. "Exactly. I'm not going to be the last thing to die." She sauntered towards the threshold of the Beyond, into oblivion and nothingness. She began to fade the further she moved past me, with a satisfied sway to her hips. "What was it that H.P. fellow wrote? *'That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange aeons even death may die'*? See ya around, Death. Oh wait, no I won't."

Her giggle turned into a cackle that echoed across the end of everything and followed me into my own death. I felt cheated, but what could I do? It was done, and despite going before me, Life had the last laugh.