Time travel has a way of disorientating you. 

Sean didn't realise exactly where he had ended up until it was too late. He and Charles had only ever managed about three hundred years' travel either way, eight hundred was unheard of. Charles must have perfected the device in his own time, right before stabbing him in the back.

It was a few centuries before an official system for sign language was due for invention, but by the time he had figured that out, they had bound his hands together along with the rest of him. 

Things were looking pretty grim. The dungeon was dank and putrid, and the people standing over him had found his cellphone. He couldn't even remember taking it with him into the lab, before Charles pushed him into the machine - the bastard must have planted it.

Goddammit. He had been sent here for a reason. He was practically guaranteed a quick death in this age. It was the perfect murder.

"We have captured a sorcerer, my liege," one of the guards said to the nobleman waiting outside the dungeon, his nose wrinkled in disgust at the stench. 

Ser Nicolai Bariston tried never to visit the dungeons of his own castle. But wild tales of a man who had wandered into his lands in bizarre clothing, performing the dark arts with his hands, was worth investigating. He peered at the tiny device one of his guards, William, was holding. He had taken it from the man who was now lying slumped in the cell.

"It is dark magic most foul. Look at the numerals within the circles," the burly man said, pointing at the screen.

"He has not spoken yet. We fear he has given up his tongue to the devil in exchange for his powers," William added.

Sean didn't even try to wiggle his hands to explain. What would it help, even if they *could* understand him? 

What would he have said, if he could speak? That they were looking at nothing more than a locked cellphone screen, and that his traitorous co-inventor of time travel had sent him here with it to orchestrate his death?

Bariston inspected the cellphone, fascinated at how light and sleek it looked. Made from material he had never seen before -  extraordinary. He stole a look at the would-be sorcerer, in his bizarre and tight-fitting garments. 

"Shall we burn and quarter him, sire?" William whispered, eyes gleaming in the dark. "I have heard it is a most effective method of obtaining confessions..."

Bariston stifled a sigh - the man was far too fond of burning and quartering people, truth be told. It was rather unsettling how many times he'd had to restrain the brute.

"Not yet, good sir. You and your men have earned a respite from this...ah, beast in human form. I shall question him now," Bariston said.

He had to get rid of these superstitious oafs, and somehow smuggle the man out.  A genuine sorcerer, of his very own - he could conquer all the lands before the year was out, if he could convince the man to teach him what he knew. Or obtain his services - he could well afford the legendary high fees of a real wizard.

"Do you truly have no speech?" he asked softly, when they were alone.

Sean made a frustrated noise in response to the words he couldn't hear. He pointed to his mouth and shook his head.

Bariston held up the phone and tapped it questioningly. Sean's heart leaped with sudden hope - of course, he was such a fucking *idiot* sometimes. He could type something. He gestured frantically for the phone, but Bariston shook his head. 

"I think not, good man. If what they say is true, you might curse me with this...thing. I shall unravel its secrets myself."

Bariston began tapping at the numerals, growing increasingly frustrated as nothing happened. He was almost at the point of throwing it at the sorcerer's head, when the tiny surface glowed to life and made a screeching noise. 

A message had somehow appeared in front of his eyes. This must be the sorcerer's strange way of introducing him to his magic. Somehow, the man had known that he, Ser Nicolai Bariston, was worthy of this gift. 

Why else would he communicate through the written word, when so few could read at all?

**Yeah, it's me. I know what you must be thinking, but you wouldn't have believed me until I showed you. I transplanted the device into a cellphone. I managed to stretch it to eight hundred years. Press 9542, and you'll be brought back. Trust me. I just wanted to show you. You wouldn't have believed me otherwise, and you know it. Come back here - I won't reveal what we invented to anyone until you're home again.**

Most of it was the mysterious, incomprehensible speech one might expect from a wizard, but Bariston had understood one thing. The four numbers were a beacon he could not ignore. Soon, he would understand what the message meant - this was a test, and he would do anything to know more. 

He would gain the power that was his by birthright.

"Fear not, my friend. I will show you I am worthy of this gift," he told the man, who was making hideous noises and gesticulating. He needed no further prompting - he pressed in the keys, and closed his eyes.

-------------
When the guards came back, the man was slumped and alone in the corner.

"Where is Ser Nicolai? What have you done?" William hissed, but the man just wiggled his hands hopelessly in response and mouthed a single word.

"What was that? 'Buck'?" another guard asked, bewildered.

"More sorcery," William said. "But fear not. This fiend shall reveal his secrets and what he has done to Ser Nicolai before I am done with him. I know a very effective method of obtaining confessions..."

And there was no-one to stop him now, he added silently. 

---------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.