Red on one side. Blue on the other. Effie glanced down at the pill capsule resting in her palm, unsure of what to feel. One in the morning. One right before bed. With a tired frown, she accepted this was a strategic defeat reflecting her best self-interests. Arranging the appointment, making sure she had transportation for the appointment, and actually going to said appointment; all of this was to improve her health. That was the goal. Improved health. She inhaled deeply, feeling a sharp pain between her lungs, and exhaled.

"These will cure me of hearing the voice," she asked. Her skepticism was an insult, but even a sane person would convey, at the very least, some sort of apprehension at a one cure all remedy. 

Dr. Alois didn't appear offended. Annoyance trickled on his bushy mustache, and he shifted comfortably in his large, leather chair, reclining in a manner to rest his fingers on his upper thigh.

"Yes, yes," he answered. "You'll never hear her again."

Effie's ears twitched, a childhood habit she hadn't yet relinquished. "I never told anyone the voice was female," she leveled her gaze on the doctor, tilting her head curiously. 

He revealed no emotion, stoic and composed in his chair. "Rest assured," clearly reprimanding her for her silent accusation, "you are not the first to hear Her, and you will not be the last to do so." He shifted again, closer to the right than the left or center, and rested an arm on the curved side.

"I don't understand," Effie said, returning to the harmless appearing pill, one of a set of two-hundred housed in her purse, "how could you know? Is this documented? Are you -,"

"One in the morning," repeated Dr. Alois, gruffly. "And one right before bed," he ended, calmly. 

"Please, help me understand."

Annoyance embedded itself into his fatty forehead folds, but he acquiesced with a heavy sigh. Pulling his desk chair closer, his elbows made a small thud on the smooth, wooden surface. 

"What do you see outside?" He raised his hand to stop her from peering over his shoulder, "Just recall what you saw on the bus ride this morning."

"I saw people," she answered, aware this wasn't the answer he was looking for. "I mean men and women and boys and girls and...I don't know you're asking of me."

"Effie, not all people are people."

"But -,"

"All people," his tone had taken a harder, firmer tone, "are not people." This was a tone she was distantly familiar with, and she lowered her head, nodding.

"I saw...people and...toons," she swallowed painfully. "All over, all around."

"Good, and you know what they can do -," he said. "But there is one, just one," he wagged his finger to emphasize his point, "that can do more, and she comes here and there throughout history, searching for some person or persons to do her work."

"And what's her name?"

"Dolly," Dr. Alois answered. "Her name is Dolly, and many are lost to the void when her voice enters your mind."

"What can I do?"

He pointed to her purse, "You take your medicine as directed, and you wait." He leaned back, arms folded, and Effie was reminded of her father, despite his off color complexion and bald head and thick rimmed glasses, "She will return to Ovium, where she belongs, and you will resume your day to day life."

"I don't think you know what that means," Effie said distractedly, popping the pill into her mouth. "I don't think she's ready to go back to sleep."