The forest was thick and impenetrable.  Its tangled branches and deep shadows obscured the danger within.  Brave Sir Robert leaned on his sword, contemplating.

"Well, Sir Rufford, it seems we must be on with it.  There's a dragon in there.  I know it."  Robert turned to regard Rufford, who sat solemnly on the ground to Robert's side.  "What say you?"

Rufford did not answer.  He looked from Robert to the forest and simply strode forward, pushing his way into the the undergrowth.  Robert nodded to himself and followed.

The branches grew impossibly close and the leaves blocked the sun.  Robert caught sight of Rufford for a moment and then he was gone, stalking through the wood with intensity.  Robert's foot caught, nearly tripping him.  As he regained his balance he heard Rufford growl.  He snapped his head up, anxious.

"What is it, boy?" Robert whispered as loud as he dared.  A crash of foliage answered.  Something burst into movement to his front and a split second later Sir Rufford charged into view.

"Rufford, stay!" Robert cried as he gave chase.  "You can't take a dragon on your own!"  He pushed and cleaved his way through the trees, wooden fingers clawing at his face and arms.  Sunlight blinded him as he stumbled free.  He blinked and shaded his eyes, searching the field.  

There!  Sir Rufford had cornered the dragon by a stone and stood tensed, waiting on it to make the first move.  Robert raised his sword and cried, "Get the dragon, boy!  Get him!  I'm coming!"

"Dinner time!" Bobby's mother called, leaning out the porch door, 

"Aw, mom!" Bobby wailed, "We were fighting dragons!"  Rufus loped away from the lizard, tail wagging, and tried to push into the house.

"Come wash your hands!  And don't let Rufus in, you know how your Father can't resist his begging for scraps."

Bobby sighed, "Ok, fine."

"And stay out of my bushes.  They're for *decoration* not *destruction.*"

_________

"Get the dragon, boy, get him." Robert tossed a lizard onto Rufus and laughed as Rufus twisted and turned.  The tiny lizard clenched the long, golden hair of Rufus' back like a vice.  Finally, Rufus bounded close enough to a bush that the lizard jumped free and disappeared.  Rufus didn't seem to notice.

Robert laughed again but suddenly stopped. "I'm going to miss you, ya mutt," he said, his voice growing sad, "but it's only for a semester.  I'll be back before you know it."

Rufus stopped flopping and trotted over to Robert to lick his hand.  He sat, leaning against Robert's leg.  Robert patted Rufus' head and then leaned down for a hug.

"Stay," Robert whispered, and then he stood and walked over to his packed car, got in and drove away.  Rufus watched.

________

The church was crowded, but hushed.  A piano played.  Rufus sat in the foyer by a window and waited, gray-gold hair shining in the sunlight.  His family mingled with people Rufus didn't know.  They'd given him a bath the night before.  He was still a little miffed about that, so he didn't join in.  Besides, Bobby wasn't among them.  The sunlight warmed him, easing his aches.  He fell asleep.

Rufus woke up to one of Bobby's new friends rubbing his head.  "Come on, boy, it's time."  He motioned to the large doors leading to the sanctuary.  Rufus got up slowly with a whimper, head low.  The man lead him gently to the opening, tying something onto Rufus' head.  

Rufus looked up to see rows of pews filled with people watching him and an aisle down the center.  And at the end of the aisle was Bobby, motioning to him.  *Bobby!*

Rufus ran to him.

"Hey boy!  You got the rings?  Alright.  Thanks Rufus!"  Rufus' tail wagged uncontrollably.  Bobby mussed Rufus' hair and laughed.  "We'll catch dragons later, ok?  Now go sit by Dad and stay."

_____

Robert sat in his living room floor.  The fire in the fireplace guttered and spat, burning low, but still warm.  Rufus lay in his lap.  He stroked the pale gray hairs of Rufus' face.  His wife sat with him, hugging him.

Rufus looked with his eyes between them and then settled on Bobby.  His breathing slowed.  He placed his paw in Bobby's hand and sighed, one last sigh, and closed his eyes.

"Stay," Robert said, "Stay."