They say hate is the most powerful emotion known to man.  I lay in a deserted field contemplating that very notion. Failing to remember how I got here is as prescient a clue as I need.  Something immaculate and utterly destructive happened not long ago.  A battle fought, a spell cast, and a pillaging of memories was the result.  Was my hatred for someone what led me here today?   

Trying to remember exactly how I got here, I struggled putting the pieces of my life together.  Seeing shadows for memories, failing to understand the series of events leading to the pain I feel now.  My head throbbing, tears barely escaping my tightly clenched eyes, I toss and turn, knowing not for how long I have laid.

Looking at my surroundings, I am struck with surprise at how undamaged everything appears.  Trees far away are still standing, the grass at my feet still green.  Certainly the spell I had cast must have destroyed something for it to wipe out this much of my memory. Spells have enormous power, but nothing in life is free. The stronger the magic required, the more powerful the memory of the sorcerer is the price.  For me to have vanquished demons in this very spot, seemingly with my most precious of memories, destruction of enormous magnitude had to have occurred.  As if to mock this thought of mine, a gentle breeze of cool air lightly played across my skin.

My head splitting with pain, I see flashes of memories cast before my tightly closed eyes.  She was reaching for my hand. I clasped my fingers through hers briefly before letting go. Who was this girl? More memories flashed briefly before my eyes, of a girl never had, a love never found.  I can almost see her standing at the aisle, dressed in white standing beside another. The flashes wavering, I opened my eyes.

As my headache subsided, I suddenly remembered her name, and whispered it to myself. "Jamie" I said, my voice cracking. I began to cry. A lifetime of regret came back to me almost all at once. I recall the lectures of a professor long ago. It is not hate that has the most power in this world, it is love. For love can survive lifetimes. Love can conquer all. And love was too powerful for me to defeat her today.

Looking across the unblemished field in which I lay, I now know the demons I have been battling came from within. Perhaps once and for all I can exorcise them.  "Jamie" I say again, needing to feel her once more.  "I should have taken your hand." Sighing, I say the word once more, hoping for a different outcome.  "Alacazam"