"I can't, I have to go to a diagnostic," I said, grabbing my keys and checking the time. I still had about twenty minutes, just long enough to sit around but not long enough to start dinner. "Another one?" My roommate Jenna whined, dumping the pasta into a strainer in the sink. Her droid zipped around to her right side to avoid the oncoming steam. The sauce on the stove was wafting into me, the warm and savory settling into my nose. "I thought the traditional doctor thing was working," She said, adding some red pepper flakes to the mix. 

When I was little, my sister's droid dove into a pot of cheese sauce that was cooking on the stove. She had tried to dip her finger in for a taste, but the droid's preventative actions were still on an unusually high setting for her age. My parents laughed it off, and she had another diagnostic that weekend. It's a cute coming\-of\-age anecdote. I wondered how my experience with droids would sound one day. 

I shrugged. "It works for now, but I wanna go abroad next semester, and you know my parents aren't gonna let me unless I have a droid," I was browsing the bus schedule on my phone. If I caught the next Hughes bus, I'd be there five minutes early. "Mark didn't even use his droid while he was abroad," Jenna said, "he was too worried someone would snatch it out of the air and sell it," but I rolled my eyes. "Mark thinks everyone's going to steal from him," I said, "he's the only one in the house with a lock on his door." 

Sitting in the waiting room, filling out forms, I was acutely aware of the consistent stream of money my parents' provided. It was a blessing for sure, my cup runneth over as they say, but it made me feel guilty. I wished in that moment that I had a droid to comfort me. "You won't qualify for a new droid until December," the receptionist was saying, "but you can get vouchers for doctors' appointments online at district of columbia dot gov," and he swiveled around in his chair to retrieve something that was printing out. A list, probably, of nearby doctors. I already knew where they were. The closest one was a thirty minute bus ride. The patient nodded and took the paper in defeated silence. I wondered how long it had been since they'd had a droid. 

As they put on their coat, and I tried not to let the pity seep out of my stare, they turned to me. "Do you know what time it is?" they asked. I reached into my pocket for my phone, and the receptionist spoke up, "Ms. Frushtick, the machine is prepped and ready," he was already typing away at something, clearly on to the next task. I stood up and wavered, suddenly feeling very rushed and unprepared. "It's one\-fifty," I said, bringing the clipboard of forms to the desk. "It takes a few minutes to get everything settled, Ms. Frushstick, so please go down the hall to room four," the receptionist chirped. "Oh, no, that's fine," I managed, looking back at the stranger to make sure someone else understood the miscommunication. The door was closing already, a gray coat zipped and walking away. The receptionist gestured to the hall on the left. "Through there," he said, eyes still glued to the monitor in front of him. I took his directions wordlessly.

"Now let out a groan," Dr. Branche instructed. It wasn't hard to muster up. My back ached, from laying in this machine with my arms above my head. If they tied my feet together below me and my hands together above me I'd look like a murder victim. Or just someone kinky who forgot their safeword. "Good, now a yelp," she prompted, but I knew this part already. Talk, sing, sigh, cry, groan, yelp, scream. It was the last step, the voice recognition setup. This way the droid could tell when you were in pain or an emergency situation. The first few droids broke while I screamed, and my parents thought it was just something I'd grow out of. The past three had survived the voice calibration, though. This one did the same. "Great!" Dr. Branche said, and the machine door slowly lifted. "Careful with those arms," she said, tapping at the tablet in her hands to get my results. She lingered on it, skimming my reports. There was no real reason my droids never worked, as far as we knew. Maybe one day it'd show up in one of those reports. 

The droid was assembled quickly and loaded with my info. A nurse brought it in and handed it to Dr. Branche. "If you break this one I'll really be mad," she said, but we both knew I was lining her pockets for every diagnostic she gave. I didn't mind. Doctors are criminally underpaid these days, and if my parents are gonna sink their money into something it might as well be this. She placed it on the table and waited. They were voice activated. "Wake up," I said, and the little purple accents lit up. The chime played as the propeller blades spun underneath it, and a voice began to speak. "Welcome to you\-" the droid lifted a few centimeters and dropped again. "Error. Rebooting." It said. Dr. Branche took a small step back. "Welcome," it said, lifting higher this time and dropping again. It was going to crap out any minute now. "Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome," it repeated, fans whirring, landing gear sinking into itself. I reached out to turn it off manually, but it zipped upwards and hit the ceiling with enough force to leave a small dent. We both winced when it hit the ground again. 

"Busted," she said. I guess so.