They'd known. They'd know exactly when I would wake up. The activity of my brain had started to regain its normal state already three weeks ago, and by that they could predict my awakening. The return of the Bleed.
I watched the nurse while he had explained that to me and how they are all waiting for this "Bleed". In confusion I searched in my memories. It sounded fimiliar. The Bleed... Right when the window-framed door opened - I remembered. The miracle of the menstruation cycle. What a joke. Me and Aisha had just been brainstorming how absurde of a cult you could create, and still make it seem not much worse that what's already out there.
A women in her early thirties stood above me while I layed in the bed. Her smile was that of a mothers. Kind and warm. A tilt of her head and a line of her hair gently reaching me. 
'Aisha.' I heard myself say.
'Yes, it is me my dear Alia.' She streached her hand down to me with a certain white object in hand. My eyes were still dry and my lids heavy. I had still not adjusted to my woken state. I tried to sit up in bed to get a better look at what she was trying to show me.
'It is from this morning, bless it Bleed!' she said all excited. And that was when it dawned on me. She held a pad in her hand. And it wasn't much white at all. But red. Mostly red. I started to feel the damp warm smell of it. A stain of acidic. My face jerked away from it instinctively.
'Aisha, what are you doing?' I emphasized my what and looked back at her again, locking my eyes with hers.
'I am free, like you said. Free from the seed - that's how we bleed. Remember?' I did remember, but that was all a damn joke. And it has undoubtly gone too far. That. Or it is all a joke. Her eyes looked tired. A matter of fact, all of her face looked tired.
'Aisha, your eyes.' I started, trying to figure out the next source of my twisted gut feeling. She looked at me as if I was her hurt child in need of love.
'Only a bit tired, we have been waiting for your awakening.' she replyed. 'And I would not miss it for anything in the world.' Still that motherly smile was stuck fast on her face. So static that it all started to look so wrong.
'No Aisha... it is more that that, and more than your eyes.' My gut feeling hadn't come without a fire after all, because her reply was what I feared.
'I'm 62 years old, and so are you, Alia.' I couldn't believe it. Sure time has passed, but 62!? I was 32 last I remembered. 62 minus 32 makes 30 - quick maths.
'I have slept for thirty years?!' and before I could throw myself out of bed, she held me in.
'Yes Alia. And for thirty years the creed of the bleed grew. Women all over the world kept bleeding until age didn't permit it anymore. Until they could bear no children or be sealed by the seed of the Adam. You freed us Alia. Freed us and made us to who we've always ment to be. A woman. A person without a man. Without a child. Freed us from the curse of the motherly instinct. An instinct we instead can turn into ourselved and eachothers. Because we will be the last generation. Not figuratively, but literally. All thanks to you. Alia... you have lifted us to new heights. Thank you Alia of the Bleed.' I felt how the grip of her hand had loosened up. So I took the chanse. I pushed her crazy face off me. Aisha hit the floor so hard I could her her tailbone crack. Attempting to run towards the door - I fell. My legs could not lift me, and there I layed with the hospital dress over my head. We are the last generation, and I am the cause of it.


