I sighed as the thick black liquid started to form at the tip of my finger.   
"Is anything wrong, dear?"  
Old Miss Evergreen looked at me with worry in her face. Worried that anything could have harmed the sweet angel I appeared to be for her.
"No, Mrs. Evergreen. I was just a little careless with the needle. Seems like I am bleeding a little."  
"Oh no, my dear. Let me help you."   
"No no. Please Mrs. Evergreen. I don't want to be a burden. I will take care of it myself. I am here to help you, not to start any hassle."   
I innocently smiled at her as I sucked the blood from my finger to hide its impurity. "I will just get a quick bandaid and will be back soon, Mrs. Evergreen." 

With my eyes staring at the small wound, I cross the street to get to my house. So none of this helps, huh? I really thought being a nice person and helping my community would outweigh my little secret. Is it really that bad? Especially compared to the thing he did to me. I am not the bad guy, am I?

As I enter my house, I head straight to the basement. That's where I keep what I need when it comes to dealing with blood.  
The two heavy locks are impossible to open without a noise. I bet he woke up now. In that case I don't have to be careful anyway. With a loud click of the switch, the many bright lights turn on being followed by an aching moan.   
"Are the lights hurting your eyes?"   
I didn't wait for a response. It's not like there was one to come.   
"Don't worry. I'm not here for you... for now." I say as I pass the man chained to the chair in the middle of the room.   
"I just need to get something. However, now that I am here..."   
I turn around and give him a punch in the guts. He cries out and coughs.   
God, how much I hate him. For what he has done to me.   
The fists I make almost make my arm cramp. Rage rising to my head, I look around the room. My hands wrap around the nearest tool and before I knew, I slammed it into his face.  
"Careful. I don't want to get dirty. I need to get back to Mrs. Evergreen." I am really talking to me while a say it to his face. The man on the chair spits out a tooth. You can see how he struggles to stay conscious. Blood is running down his chin. It's too thick to really drop. It's even a littler darker than mine. At least I am not all wrong. 
I let him suffer in silence as I find myself the first aid kit.   
"Lucky for you, I have to go to sort some things out." I say as I calmly put the bandaid around my finger.
"However, it seems like we can take it to the next stage. My efforts to clear my blood seem worthless, so why wait, right?"   
I don't quite get his expression as he looks at me. I think it is fear. Should be at least.   
The man coughs as he tries to speak. "What are you going to do to me? Kill me?"  
I deeply stare into his eyes as I feel all my hate flaming inside me.    
"No...   
That would be merciful."