I'll preface this by telling you all; i don't write. i don't capitalize i's, my cat was walking all over my keyboard as i typed, i just decided to wing it. There's my shit attempt at an excuse for this story being so shit. Criticism highly encouraged, and appreciated.

"Fuck do you mean "He was asleep" it's in the official bro code handbook that drawing a penis on another man's face is un bro-stitutional!"

We all laughed, Gage had always had a knack for being a generally funny guy.

I reached over to refill rebel's litterbox, (He'd basically become the mascot for our friendgroup) until the litter seemed to stop falling. Maybe it was the alchohol getting to me, but i looked over at the other three and they seemed to be frozen in place. A very friendly ding sounded, seeming to come from everywhere at once, and an equally friendly looking lady appeared in the room. "Please racalibrate your headset at this time." Again, as though it were from all places at once. Now, i'm not one for scary situations, so I immediately proceeded to pass out.

 As I woke, I was met with yet another friendly thing. Well, less of a thing and more of a creature. A rather Large looking cat with beautiful fur was batting at my hand. My first instinct was to swat the thing away, but I stopped myself mid-swing. It all flooded back to me. Everything. The laughter, the tears, the happiness, the death, the life, everything. That morning, I had slapped on my headset to hang out with my overseas buds, and the artificial memories, (growing up, Etc.) from that sesh had had a bit of a glitch in them. The system freaked out and gave me an error message, which promptly scared the fuck out of me. With rebel swatting away at my hand, i snapped back into the real world. I stretched, sore from sitting in one position for such a long time. Of course, the headsets could make a second feel like a year, but I'd had my settings calibrated so that one hour was usually a full day in the sim. It got me the time to do what i wanted, and I could always change it if i so pleased.

I filled the fat little bastard's bowl with chicken and tuna, and poured the rest of the cat's milk into his bowl. it was expensive as shit, but he was my baby, and I'll be damned if i don't pamper him. He trotted alongside me as I tossed the empty milk bottle into the garbage, and headed back to my Pc. "You guys, i'm sorry for ditching mid-convo, my headset freaked the fuck out." I typed away on my rather shit keyboard. "No problem man, it wasn't client side. *Everyone* got that."

Rather, for lack of a better word, befuddled by Mai's message, I headed onto the powerlet forums to check it out for myself. Sure enough, walls of text analyzing the blackout, and seemingly unending "what happened" posts. "Well, everything seems normal." I muttered sarcastically. Internally i knew, something must be wrong. despite the fact, I plopped down infront of the tv to check out the news for the day. What I read sent ice through my veins. "285 confirmed casualties as hackers attack popular virtual reality system to electrocute their owners." Sprinting back to the computer, I type a frantic "holu fick", too preoccupied to give a fuck about spelling. Panicking, we all join a voice call. "everyone's here, right?" Trevor's voice rings out through his microphone. As soon as we confirm nobody we know has died, we switch our attention to others. All seems well. 

The peace is quickly shattered by a message from James. "Sean's in the hospital. it wasn't enough to kill him right away, but there's still a chance.

A friendly voice oozes from the walls, the floor, the ceiling, everything.

*Simulation complete. Results: fatal. Would you like to start again?*

Y/N