"Dr. Morris?" Bill was aware that someone was calling his name, was aware he should answer. That was the polite thing to do, after all.

"...Should I come back later?" Without snow, the courtyard view wasn't even that interesting this time of year - bleak, leafless branches shivering pitifully in the frigid Chicago breeze. Yet it still took several long seconds to drag his eyes away.

"No, Shelia, I'm always here for our chats." With a great effort he was finally able to drag his attention inward. "Sorry, I'm a bit groggy. Must've dozed off for a moment there. Lucky I didn't spill this..." And he raised a paper cup for a sip.

"Ah! Actually I got you a fresh one!" Before he could protest Shelia swept in and replaced his tepid drink with a steaming one. "And your cardigan." She scooped a forest green sweater out of an over-sized, mustard-yellow purse.

"Oh, thank you." He shivered. "When did it get so cold in here?" He could clearly see his breath.

"The boiler's down. Mary says the repairmen are on their way."

"You're so thoughtful. Please, have a seat."

An unreadable expression crossed Shelia's face. "Wish I could," she said, "but I have to be going soon."

Bill felt like a puzzle piece had dropped out of his picture of the world. "Going? You can't leave, you're a permanent resident here."

"I... uhhm, Mary's sending me to an interview. For a job." She nervously shuffled her feet. "Can't stay here forever, y'know?"

"But you're a bit young to-"

"It's just for practice." She said hurriedly before he could question it too much. "Look, I just wanted to stop by and thank you."

"Oh! Well, you are welcome." His brows furrowed. "What for?"

"I owe you everything. Most of us do." As he stared blankly at her, she realized that he'd never fully understand. "You've made a real difference, Bill. You'll be missed."

He chuckled. "Missed? Shelia, I'm not going to retire for at least another decade. I'm not going anywhere. Wouldn't even if a I could."

She looked up at that last. *Did* he know?

"Hey, what's this? You're crying."

Shelia threw her arms around him. He stiffened at first; touching was strictly off limits. After a moment he relaxed and hugged her back, because this seemed direly important to her. "You'll be leaving this place before I do." He murmured.

She broke the hug. "I know." He could feel her sadness weighing on him. "I just wanted to make sure y-you *knew.* You've done good things and we were all too afraid and now..." She stopped short. Bill could tell she was hiding something.

"Are you *sure* you don't need to sit for a moment? I-" He was distracted for a moment by a thick layer of dust on the chair he was offering. Glancing around, he realized *everything* was covered in dust. In fact his office looked like it hadn't been touched by the cleaners for *years.* 

"Shelia?" There was a hint of worry in his voice. "What's..." But when he looked up he realized she was gone. He could hear retreating footsteps down the hall, which struck him as odd, though, he couldn't exactly figure out why.

Rather than investigate, he found himself drawn to the window again. The frost-etched weary winter world was much more charming with a fresh hot tea and a sweater. He felt his mind drifting as he caught sight of Shelia on the street.

He could feel the drowsiness settling in again as she approached someone leaning against a tree, playing with their phone. The two exchanged words, and she pointed at his window. Her companion looked at him, and he waved sleepily at them both. The friend blanched, and hurriedly took Shelia's arm. The pair of them scuttled away.

Before he could give it much thought, he felt himself slipping under again. Another 10 minute nap couldn't hurt. By some miracle his tea never, ever spilled.