I scooped up my books from my desk when the bell rang and whisked into the hall. Maybe if I played it right, I could-

"Oof." I bumped into someone, dropping a book in the process. I watched as he leaned down to pick it up, handing it to me with a handsome smile.

"I think you'll need this," he said warmly. "I don't think we've met, I'm new h-"

"Yeah that's great thanks," I said hurriedly, shoving past him to get to my locker. Last class meant I could get home fast, lock myself in my room and avoid-

"There you are!" Cried Hayden, sidling up next to me. I groaned. "Matt is looking for you-"

"There you are," Matt said on cue, appearing at my other side. I rushed to put in my locker code, messing it up twice. "Drama club needs its sets painted by the end of the day today." He pushed his glasses up his nose, obscuring the view of his face for a moment. "We really should have planned the schedule out better..."

"Sorry, gotta go!" I shouted, throwing my books in the locker and slamming the door.

"Cherry-Senpai!!" An underclassman ran up to me, her eyes bright and chest heaving. "You won't believe this-"

"For the last time, we live in Wisconsin, stop calling me *senpai*." I pushed her aside. "And my name isn't Cherry."

"But Senpai, the town hall is being attacked by-!"

"I don't care!" I raged, pushing myself out the school doors and running down the steps, nearly throwing myself into traffic.

"Hey, long time no see." My heart nearly stopped when I saw him; dark hair that swooped across his forehead, bright eyes that examined me. I hadn't seen Jeff in nearly a week - since I had dyed my hair and everything went to shit. "What happened to your hair?"

"Long story." My stomach jumped when he reached out to touch it, and I felt my knees buckle under the warmth of his hand. 

"I like it," he said, a wicked smile playing on his lips.

I bit my lip, considering. Should I tell him? Was now the time to confess my feelings?

An explosion rang in the distance. I could feel the force of it even from where we stood. I stumbled, and Jeff caught me between his hands.

"What the-?"

I groaned, remembering the underclassman. "I gotta go." I turned from him and began running in the direction of the explosion.

"Wait! You shouldn't-"

I stopped and turned back, grinning at him from over my shoulder. My pink hair fluttered softly in the warm breeze. "Trust me. It doesn't get interesting until I show up." And I went.