"And remember, stay safe today!"

As my kids went to another day of school, I couldn't help but worry for them. In the last few months, crazy things had started happening. Masked vigilantes seemed to rule the streets these days, striking terror into the hearts of criminals and money into the coffers of those covering them. Around the same time my own children had a series of traumatic incidents and now they had all sorts of abilities. 

My oldest, John, was bitten by a radioactive spider in a lab and now had the powers of radioactivity, giving cancer and really bad sunburns to anybody who made him mad. My daughter, Stacy, was implanted with advanced alien technology and now had the ability to perform advanced mathematics in her head, see maps of the world, and send emails. My youngest son, Nate, had watched Ip Man 23 times in a row and was now the world's greatest martial artist. 

I know they're just going to school, but I worry that anything could happen now that the world's gone mad. They're still just kids, and I don't want these new supervillains targeting them.

----------------------

"Halt, criminal scum!"

John raced down the sidewalk, using all his powers to blast what was probably a murderer or rapist with skin cancer. 

"You'll be sorry you ever met me in 3-5 years!"

Returning back to the street corner the three kids had agreed to meet at, John gave his report on his superhero activities. 

"That's at least 10 criminals I've stopped in just an hour!" John shared out high fives amongst a clump of broken bodies and hacked phones. 

"Who would have thought the seedy underbelly of our fair city would be so large. Also that it's less of an underbelly and more of an overbelly," said Nate. 

"Stop talking, I just saw a trio of scumbags get off the bus down the street. Let's get them before they hurt anybody!"

As the kids ran down the street at their next set of arch-nemeses, one of the people getting off the bus was thinking about his family. 

"Maybe I should take the kids off TV. Wouldn't want them getting an overly polarized view of morality where bad guys are around every corner!"