[Previously, on Reddit Writing Prompts](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7yn2t4/wp_finally_the_ultimate_mmorpg_has_been_created/duipijq/)  
  
Tonight, on Reddit Writing Prompts... (switch tense? why not...)  
  
Kayla set her gun belt on the table, one of many in the briefing room, and took a seat.  It was debriefing, at the end of her shift, and with nothing major having happened it was time to just chill and finish up any paperwork.  As efficient as Deputy Kayla Murphy was, all of that was long since done.  
  
The lieutenant sauntered up.  “You got another kudos, Murph.”  He held a paper with CITIZEN COMMENT centered at the top.  “I'll let you read it, but suffice to say this guy didn't exactly have a positive image of the police before, and you may have changed that...  And that's after writing him a ticket.”  The gray-haired man with bars on his uniform sleeves smiled.  “Good work.”  He handed her the photocopy.  
  
“Thanks El Tee...” she took the paper, then started a little.  “Oh!  I remember this one.  Yeah, fifty-one in a thirty.  I just actively listened as I wrote the Mary...”  Stops and calls closed with a code of M meant a citation was issued; “Mary” was shorthand for the ticket itself.  
  
“Yes Murphy,” the lieutenant looked up at the other deputies filing in, and spoke a little louder.  “You *actively listened*, and impressed a cop-hater.  Some of these knuckleheads could learn from you.”  Kayla blushed a little as the shift commander continued on his way.  
  
“You tryin' to max your stats in real life, Murph?” Deputy Donaldson laughed a little, as he sat across from Kayla with Deputy Reynolds.  
  
Reynolds cringed.  “Shit, don't remind me of the fuckin' Nexus.  I gotta get in there when I get home, work on this fuckin' quest.  I thought we go there to escape this shit.  Sometimes I swear it's the other way around...”  
  
“Well,” Kayla said.  “Lately there's been talk in the quantum mechanics world, that maybe both worlds are simultaneously the real world and the Nexus.  When you're in the Nexus, do you call the real world the Nexus?”  
  
Reynolds blew out a long sigh.  “Yeah...”  Donaldson nodded in agreement.  
  
“In there,” Kayla continued.  “I talk about how in the Nexus, here, I got my stats where I wanted them as a stock broker, moved to BFE and became a cop...”  
  
“You were a fuckin' stockbroker?  In the real world?” Donaldson asked incredulously.  
  
“You didn't know?” Kayla glanced at Reynolds, who was nodding.  “Yeah, less than three years.  Fuckin' killed it when I went to a hundred percent commission, enough to get out after eleven months of that.  Moved out here, wanted a job just for insurance and evidently, a safe one just wouldn't be interesting enough.”  
  
“What's your current quest in the Nexus?” Reynolds asked.  
  
“Convicting m...  Wasteland scum who have been attacking the town.”  
  
The other two deputies both jumped.  “You're a fuckin' cop in the Nexus, too?!”  
  
Kayla blushed again.  “I was a cop there first.  Hit that career path when I was a trainee at the firm in the real world.”  
  
“Where do you go to escape?” Donaldson asked.  
  
Kayla shrugged.  “I escape into a positive outlook.  Helps my stats in both worlds, and I even beat a few bosses.”  
  
“Like that cunt you got in a fight with...” Reynolds blurted, then cringed.  
  
Kayla faked an offended gasp.  “I believe *what you meant to say* was 'fat hillbilly cunt.'”  She started to laugh, then stopped.  “I shouldn't say that.  She's confused, like the rest of 'em.  Don't want to turn into my Nexus character...”  
  
“Not Officer Friendly, there?” Donaldson grinned.  
  
“No,” Kayla said sadly.  “I started to say the M-word, the M-Mary word a minute ago.  That's the kind of cop I am in the Nexus.”  
  
Reynolds shrugged.  “Different character, different stats.”  
  
“Spend XP,” Donaldson suggested.  “Buy off flaws.  In that Nexus and this one, if the nerds are right.”  
  
Kayla nodded, then looked at the clock on the wall and rose.  “Yeah.  Anyway, I'll catch you guys Friday.”  
  
“It *is* Friday, for us!” the two men said in chorus, standing.  
  
“Another week, another paycheck.  See you Paul, Gavin.”  Jack Webb said something in Kayla's mind about not losing her first name.  She hit the locker room, and was soon at home, ready to spend her three days off in...  *The Nexus?*  
  
---  
  
...*The real world*, Kayla thought, removing her haptic VR gear in the shack she still called home, decades after the nuclear holocaust.  She'd moved in the Nexus, became a cop there too after her character's stockbroker career path had gotten stale.  She had a “quest” to finish today, if she thought of this as the Nexus.  Just court in a ramshackle, ad hoc courtroom.  No bullets flying (probably).  Hopefully an easy resolution to the case...  
  
Two hours later, the defense attorney rose at his table while acting Lieutenant Kayla Murphy sat at the witness stand.  This trial was from a bust she'd made before she'd assumed the role of acting shift commander, when her squad had followed up on a child sex trafficking ring that had been dumb enough to try to sell a girl to their town.  
  
“Sergeant Murphy,” the lawyer began.  “Have you ever, in the period of say the past ten years, used the word 'mutant' to refer to a person with a radiological genetic defect?”  The courtroom cringed at the normgen taking the dread M-word in his mouth; Kayla swallowed hard.  *The hardest quest of them all: Self-improvement and accepting comeuppance for our failings*.  She took a drink of (expensive, clean) water, and drew breath to answer, while the words SUCCEEDED, FAILED, LEVEL UP, and ****  You have died  **** appeared in her mind's eye.  Any of them could appear, especially at a moment like this...  Apparently, in either “real” world, or in either “game.”