Took a bit of liberty with this one. Enjoy!

\-----

“Hi, are you Andy? Greg said you could help me.” Heather’s voice trembles. She’s not sure if this is going to work.

“You must be Heather. Here’s how it works. Give me the the money and you will have 30 minutes alone time in the morgue. The CCTV will be off for exactly that amount of time. Get in, get out and don’t let any one see you. I don’t care what you do although I have a pretty good idea. For your benefit dude in 1-6 just came in and probably still has rigor mortis. I did have to cut him open though. Don’t make too much a mess, eh? Hehehe!” The diener flashes a revolting smile. His small eyes and squeaky voice give off a distinct impression of a rat.

“Thanks for the information. Here you go.” Heather can’t help but betray a hint of disgust. She hands over an envelope. The man counts the cash with a glint in his eyes. After awhile he seems satisfied, pushes a button and gives her an impatient wave. “Remember, 30 minutes!”

The morgue is quiet and eerie. She scans the room. It doesn’t take long before she finds the cold locker numbered 2-9. 2-9, February 9th, the day she died. A day they both remember well but can never talk to each other about.

She pulls open the locker. It is indeed empty as Thomas said it would be. She pushes a small pouch inside and closes it. Now onto the hard part. She takes a deep breath, then opens locker 1-6.

Back in their apartment she collapses onto the couch. All of a sudden a feeling of dread mixed with sadness, anger and strangely, hope, well up inside her. She’s done a lot today, but she’s about to do even more. She is about to give it all up.

She forces herself into the bathtub. This part is never easy, but the hope that this twisted cycle of life and death will eventually give them justice and closure is what keeps her going. With a newfound sense of determination she swallows the red liquid inside the small bottle in one gulp, then plunges the knife deep into her heart.

Darkness surrounds her, but there is a light at the end of the tunnel.

\-----

The pain. It is always the pain that bothers him the most. Wounds close, scars disappear, but the pain lingers. It feels particularly bad this time. A small metallic clink rings in his ears. That must be the bullet getting pushed out of his forehead. His abdomen squishes and tightens as the mystical power courses through his veins. The world is dark but not isolated. He can hear the sound of someone talking on the phone. “Yes, boss. We’ve got him right here. When do you want him? Right now? Okay boss, whatever you say. Sergei, go get your stuff.” He needs to move, now!

With surprising speed Thomas forces the locker door opens. He jumps down from the slab. Even in the darkness he can still tell where he needs to go. He runs to locker 2-9. He sighs with relief as he grabs the small pouch. Heather’s done it. He can hear keys rattling at the door. There’s no time! He jumps back onto the slab and closes the locker door just as the man enters the room.

“Why the fuck is this place so dark?” The raspy man sounds full of displeasure.

“I must've forgot to keep the light on. Here.” the squeaky man fidgets about then throws the light switch.

“Huh? Why is this one open? Andy did you fucking let in some morbid skank again?”

“Man I told that bitch to be careful. Don’t worry man it’s just a bit of a side business. No harm done.”

“You disgust me sometimes.” With that said, the door to Thomas’ little prison opens with a bang. Strong hands grab onto his arms painfully. “Wow, Andy. You stitched this guy up really good.”

“Oh, did I? Hmm...that is some fantastic stitching indeed.” Andy sounds really confused. Thomas can feel nylon encroaching all around him, then the sound of zipper being closed up. “Alright, let’s go. To the boss man.”

Before long Tomas is enjoying a rough ride in a car trunk. He’s practiced this trip in this manner a hundred times probably. He knows where he is going, and it is now very close. He manages to open the pouch Heather left for him. A faint red light glows from the small bottle. Soon, Anubis. Soon the god will once again dine on a sacrifice, and he will have his revenge.

“Here we go!” The car grinds to a halt. Tomas downs the small bottle in a hurry. The trunk pops open and he’s dragged out onto a stretcher. After a journey that seems to take forever, the zipper opens. Even with his eyes closed Thomas feels uncomfortably exposed.

“So what do we have here?” A deep and resounding voice inquires.

“The thief, sir. The guy that stole your diamonds.”

“Well and the diamonds?”

“Don’t worry, we got the diamonds back. He swallowed them. Andy carved them out from his stomach. They’re right here.”

Thomas can hear the sound of a small bag being open. “Ah, good, good. Everything seems to be in order. Now I can enjoy carving this piece of shit myself! Wait a second...”

The unnerving presence draws closer. Thomas can feel eyes fixated on his naked body.

“Have I seen this man before? He looks familiar. Hmm. Oh I know. This is the husband of that cunt of an accountant, right? I think we might have even shook hand at the funeral. Oh never mind you two would have never met them. Now isn’t this strange?”

“Not as strange as this.” Thomas jumps down from the stretcher in an instant. He holds up the small plastic device in his hand and revels briefly in the sight of the room. Confusion, shock and, ah, the delicious fear. Before anyone can make a move he presses the red button. Time seems to slow down. Thomas is not sure what the future holds for him. The cruel fate dictates that he shall never laugh and cry with Heather again. Although right now it all seems like a small price to pay. He smiles happily as the bomb inside him arms itself and explodes. The battle is won.