I'm smiling. She's smiling. We're smiling at each other like it's a first date, like we're sitting at a restaurant having a drink while the band strikes up the first set. I can almost hear the saxophone wail as I fiddle with the ropes around my wrists. She's not bad, I'll give her that. A solid B-minus. I probably wouldn't've gotten caught if not for the red hair. I've always been a sucker for red hair and invitations into nice marble kitchens. Call me a sentimentalist, but kitchens look the best in stone. 

"So," she says, in a voice that's more serpentine than it has any right to be, a voice that crawls its way down my spine and curls up in the pit of my stomach, "Here we are."

"Here we are," I agree as my finger slips into the knot. Sloppy. Sloppy, sloppy. Somebody wasn't in Scouts. "What do we do with it?"

"I thought we'd put on some music and make an evening of it." 

"That," I say, "Sounds like a delightful time."

She laughs. I laugh. We're laughing past each other. She thinks I'm an idiot. I think I've got two fingers in the knot. She sits down on my lap, long nails running against my hair. I make a noise. It's not involuntary. I shiver. It's not involuntary, either.

"I like where this is going." And it's completely honest.

She licks her lips. "So do I."

"Although it's moving a little fast, don't you think?"

She laughs again. "Do you even know what's happening here?"

"Some kind of bondage thing," I lie as the knot comes undone. I hold the rope tight in my palm. Don't want to let it fall away while she's watching me.

"Some kind of bondage thing," she agrees. Green eyes sparkle. Full red lips purse. Good God. I couldn't wait to have her on the floor. A girl like that doesn't come along every dynasty. This was going to be an evening.

She brushes those lips against mine, and I push into it hungrily. When she stands I move like an eager puppy, leaning forward and then forcibly stopping myself. I put a look of frustration on my face as I pretend to struggle against the ropes. She likes it. I can tell by the way she walks, the little shift in her hips that says 'I'm confident, you're done,' as she strolls over to the counter. She opens a drawer and pulls out an apple peeler.

"That's, uh," I say, "A little rough for me."

"That's okay. I like it a little rough."

Oh good. I'm glad she'll be happy. I like it when they're happy. I like putting a smile on peoples' faces when they go. It's a community service. I'm a good Samaritan. 

She slides back over and settles back on my lap. The apple peeler comes up to my face. I fake a horrified look. She licks her lips. "This'll only take a minute, handsome."

"What will?"

"I just want a keepsake. Something to remember you by." The apple peeler's cold metal touches my face. I have to fight back a grin. I was planning on her eyes. They were a striking shade of green. But hey, the face thing, that was a pretty good idea. The blade presses against my chin.

"You make it sound like I'm gonna die."

"It's some kind of bondage thing," she says, wicked white teeth flashing. She laughs again. Now I laugh. Then she stops laughing. "What?"

"You didn't put on the music. I thought there'd be music."

She looks at me, uncertain. For a long moment I'm just holding her gaze. No noise. No sound. Just the apple peeler up against my flesh and the rope clutched tight in my wrist. Time grinds to a halt. It's just the two of us, sharing intimate, mutual distrust, trying to read the other. She's wary, now. She's got the rabbit in her eye.

But eventually she stands. She heads over to a stereo system and flicks it on. 

*Every breath you take, every move you make, I'll be watching you.*

Holy shit. I burst out laughing. I can't help it. She frowns. "You don't like it?"

"I was expecting some Barry Manilow or something. This is fine, too."

She presses up against me. The blade comes out again. "Now, where were we."

"You were telling me you were going to skin my face off and I was about to strangle you to death with this rope."

"Oh, y- what?"

She doesn't get another word. My arms snap up. The rope snaps with it. I drag the rope tight around her throat. She gags. A knee to the stomach and the apple peeler falls to the marble floor with a quiet clink. I swing her around and force her down against the chair, my foot on her back, the rope pulled up against her throat with all the force I can muster.

Shit, I am *enjoying* watching her die. There's something sweet about someone wiggling. Wriggling. *Writhing*. It's pleasurable. I hope it's as pleasurable for her as it is for me. I'd like to believe it is.

Finally, she stops. Her arms go limp. Her fingers go weak. I hold it there for a few more minutes, just in case she's faking. When I hear the death rattles, I'm satisfied.

I consider taking a trophy. It'd be, you know, professional courtesy. The apple peeler thing was really nice. But it's also really fucking messy. I don't want to clean up her house.

I settle for a lock of hair. I'm a sucker for redheads.

I stroll out of the apartment and into the elevator, whistling a cheery tune. A man in a suit is standing in it with a grin on his face. "Somebody got lucky, huh?"

My eyes meet his. I look at his face for a moment. Slowly, I match his grin. I match the teeth ratio. I match the gums. I match the crinkle of the eyes. "It's not luck when it's skill, my man."
