I shoved him off, and walked away, irritated. Probably trying to sell something. 

I made it back to the hotel room safe and sound, collapsing onto the bed with a groan. Too many flights. Not enough rest. Too much airline food and shitty wi-fi.

As I lay on my back, hands over my closed eyes, I shivered involuntarily. A low hum went through the room, and I couldn't breathe for a second. I sat up heavily, forced my eyes open, dragged in a breath. *In, two, three... Out, two three.*

Probably just jetlag.

I took in the city view from my balcony. Beautiful, and the ocean beyond, framing the horizon, made it even better. I looked down and took a queasy step back from the edge, shifting uneasily on the glass deck. Seventeen floors was a lot for a nice view.

Room service came and went, me typing out an email in response to my sister. Dad was doing fine - same as always, at least - and wanted an update. I tapped out an overview of the Beijing stopover - that one had been just for him, my company doesn't have offices out there. He'd wanted me to do the tourist thing, pictures, souvenirs - I had them all packed in my duffel, waiting to show him when I got home.

Unconsciousness came quickly, but didn't stay long. Uneven stopovers had my sleep patterns shot to hell. I kept waking up with a start, clutching frantically at my phone to check for alarms.

The third time, I stretched and groaned, giving in to the call of the porcelain siren. As I relieved myself, I felt again that hum from earlier. Strange.

I walked back through the kitchenette, looking for a glass for water, when a light through the window caught my eye. Odd. There weren't any other tall buildings between the hotel and the coast. It must be a cruise liner out at sea.

Still, it was bright, to have caught my eye from so far away. After sating my thirst, I walked to the window. 

I couldn't tell what I was looking at. The light - greenish-blue, wavy, pulsing - definitely wasn't a cruise liner. It was halfway to the horizon, but somehow under the water - not on top of it. Puzzled, I undid the latch on the door and stepped out onto the glass balcony. Instantly, the hum rose in pitch, a little chorus in the back of my brain.

The longer I looked, the brighter the light grew. But still - transparent, wavering. I heard a noise below me, and looked down - another restless sleeper, in the suite one floor down. I almost looked away, but something caught my eye.

I could see his outline, glowing faintly red... *through* the walls of the rooms.

I shook my head, blaming the darkness, my tired eyes, but even closed the outline persisted. After another moment, it lay still. I turned to do the same, but a hazy pink chorus assaulted my line of sight - somehow, I could see the edges of every person, in every room around me.

I looked out at the light again. Somehow, I knew. Whatever it was, it was calling me. Had connected to me somehow. I'd looked too long, it was giving me more to see than I'd expected. More than I'd wanted.

The elevator ride down the first floor was well-lit, distracting in its intensity. The bathrobe fluttered around my ankles as I stepped out into the lobby, past the front doors and out into the street. The first taxi ignored me. The second. But the third takes me. I can barely stand to look at the driver - his cherry glow overwhelms me as I slide into his cab, cigarette butt a needle-pinprick in my eyes.

We drive straight out to the beach, something pulling me in a dead line toward the sea.

The city lights hurt. I could see them more clearly now, see the electricity running through the wires, the heat rising from the people sleeping, living, working. The squeal of tires on pavement couldn't drown out the hum growing louder and louder inside my head.

The surf swirled around my ankles as I stepped to the waters edge. Free of my sandals, the sand sifted through my toes, the waves sinking my feet deeper and deeper into the sand. I looked up, eyes locked on the mysterious light.

It was underwater, I could see that now. Deep. But how deep? It looked almost close enough to swim to...

The water took another second to tug forcefully at my ankles, and I tottered. But just as quickly, it receded, and became still. 

I looked down the deserted beach. The waves had stopped, the ocean stretching into a calm, mirrored surface. Behind me, the city clamored on; even in the pre-dawn darkness it was bright as the sun. Lights, people, cars and all manner of activity - it was clamoring, chaotic, a stark contrast to the peacefulness of the sea.

I turned away, eyes stinging. I could hardly look at the great city behind me, so painful were my senses.

The water parted before me. I'd almost expected it. A tunnel reaching into the depths of the ocean, shimmering with moonlight. The light was waiting for me. So I followed.

I walk still, ever deeper, and I do not know what I will find. Respite from the glow above, at least. My eyes rest easy now. Already I've acclimated to the dark. The coolness is refreshing.

The glow still waits for me below.