I lived on a small island. Population: five hundred something. Somewhere worth visiting? Not on this land. On average we welcome thirty to forty outsiders a year. Most of them are postal officers and those on board supply ships. Maybe governors. They didn't come by so often, anyway.

I was a fisherman, like my father and his father before him. Five children, four sons and a daughter. Three of them died during a storm when the fresh water got contaminated. The remaining two left for the city. I think they felt lonely here. I don't know. A hand with two fingers is less merry than one with five, I guess. And I think they didn't want to be fishermen like me. To be fair, I'm quite the traditional, just me, a raft and the sea. It's a tough way of life. The sun and the salt burned into your skin, until you look like a smoked salmon. It's ugly. Hard work is ugly. But I'm not blaming the television or anything, I'd have left too if I was younger.

That was some time ago. Before Margaret passed away and I was left with cancer. The doctor was a nice lad. Too nice, perhaps, or he wouldn't have ended up here. Nothing too fancy being one of the nine doctors in a town nobody knows. A particular nurse, though, I knew she wanted me dead. Of course, I was aware of the impending end, but I needed to see it through.

"Rough sea, isn't it?" - she said, in an attempt to get past my guard. - "A storm is brewing. Or so they say."

"It's the season." - I stood up from my usual spot on the beach.

"Where're you going?"

"Leave me alone!"

"Mr. Winwicky, you need to take your medication."

"I'll take it if it's from Dr. Health."

"Why?"

Some persistent brat she was. I jumped on a raft and sailed into the ocean.

"You know, you'll have to come back eventually." - she shouted.

That was usually enough to drive her away. Back when I could still walk, it did. Then, the hospital became my home. I'm not proud of it. It meant I'm past that point.

"You're still alive? It must be painful." - she didn't even bother to hide her morbid intentions. What a bitch.

"I'll do me good if you just stay away from me."

"Look, I don't really want to stick with you either, old people stink of regrets, you keep on yapping about your lives, which no one wants to hear, and you're all hopeless cases. I just need your consent so I can pump morphine into your blood. Trust me, it'll do us both good. You die without  a pain in your mind and I can spend my time for better purposes."

"Screw you!" - I threw the metal tray on the table at her, but it barely made a scratch. My arms were so thin. So were my legs. My eyes blurred in tears, as salty as the ocean. Was this how it was going to end?

I looked outside the windows. The storm raged on, rain splashed onto the muddy road, broken branches plunged into the wet earth. It's not going to stop any time soon.

"Get me the paper." - I told her. The angel of death, albeit surprised, joyfully jaunted down to the office.

That was my only chance. I took hold of the cane by my bed and made haste toward the door. The cold, ruthless wind slapped into my face. I almost fell. So feeble I had become. Should I go back and get a raincoat? No, she would catch up to me.

And I ran, like it was the race for my life, maybe it was, along the trail led back home. Wooden splinter pierced through my feet, ice cold gust freeze my body. It was good, I could feel the pain no longer. I was revitalized. I ran, the faded red roof welcomed me. Just a little bit more.

She stood in front of my house, a raincoat in hand and an umbrella overhead. I asked.

"Take me back?"

"No." - she shook her head.

"Then get off the way!" - I shoved her aside and entered home. They should be there. I knew.

"It's storming outside, there won't be any ships from land." - she said as she took off the raincoat.

"Shut up! You don't know anything! They must've sent something!"

But I found nothing.

"I check daily, Mr. Winwicky," - her voice was indifferent - "You have no mails."

"There must be something... something... " - My voice broke down. I'd gotten weak. I fell heavily onto the dusty couch. It was lifeless. The house was lifeless. Maybe it'd always been so.

She heated up the oven. I could do with a cup of nice tea.

"I've lived here since I was young." - I went on with my ramblings - "Like my father and his father before him. We all lived here all our lives."

It must be the first time I wanted her to stay.

"This is a no-name island, I knew from the start. But am I a no-name man?"

She sat silently in front of me. The water would take a while to boil.

"Every day thousands of people die, so maybe, just maybe, one day this island would be gone from the map and no one would remember any of us. Not you, not me, not Margaret, not even Dr. Health. No one, like we are just dust among the desert. Are we so forgettable? I doubt even my grandchildren would remember me, no, even their fathers didn't."

She could have consoled me. She could have said the ships would come when the storm clear up, and with it, not the mails but my children and their children too. But she said nothing. She knew. I knew. If my children cared they would've called. Maybe they'd even be glad that as I died, they could cut away all the ties with this forgotten place. Maybe that's why she wanted me dead, dead with a hope in my heart that I was somebody, that I was remembered.

"I don't need your sympathy!" - I screamed into her face. Then I cried. I'd never cried so hard. Not when Margaret died, not even when my own children died, not even when the two of them left. Never.

The kettle, too screamed for attention. I was just a kettle. Replaceable. Forgettable.

She let the kettle cried and she let me cried. The rain faded in my ears. Then her face blurred. I wanted to sleep...