Early this year I bought a surprisingly cheap house in the town my parents were born in. They loved this town and even asked to be buried in the local graveyard, so being the faithful son I ever was, I decided to visit them one random day.

I thought this would be a fun little trip to the graveyard and be over with it, but no, I just had to come back haunted by some sort of ghost. Can't even visit my parents without some sort of problem occuring these days, sigh.

Sure enough though, I managed to ignore that ghost to oblivion... till it started speaking to me. Well, at first it was low growls, but as time passed you would think she pronounced actual words some times. My friends of course couldn't take me seriously by principle, so I kept most of the recent stuff to myself. 

Ever tried to communicate with a ghost? Well, I have and it was not successful. Tried to understand it a bit before I resorted to medical help in case I was actually mental.

I simply stopped bothering about it though, and I kept delaying my visits to the doctor for a loooong while... because, I mean... the ghost hadn't done anything to me so far, and she seemed pretty nice if you ignored her growls.

After her growls turned into sweet sounding words, however, I couldn't help but start searching for a doctor again. After all the weeks I had been with her, some words wouldn't push me that far, on the opposite, it might had just made me more interested in her, but... there are exceptions.

"*Death*... *I died. Am I dead*?" The ghost said to me one day. She spoke the words in such a clear yet disturbing voice I almost failed to recognise it was her! She continued on, of course, speaking about how this was her house and that she wanted me out. Even got angry when I tried to convince her otherwise... touche'.

After searching on the net for a bit, I found that my house's previous owner had been missing for a couple years now. Best of all? It was a female! One that looked exactly like the ghost.

That made me think about the matters a bit more clearly, but even when I went to agree with her, she screamed at me, showing intelligence no better than that of a three year old kid. Eventually I got tired of her screams, more so because headphones and loud music didn't help. That brought me to where I currently was; standing in front of a  psychiatrist , discussing about the possible medicines.

"These will really cure me of hearing that voice?" I asked.

The doctor rolled his eyes and answered with a more patient voice than that of my own, "Yes, you will never hear her again."

I let out a small breath at the mention of that, but immediately turned my head towards him a second later, "I never told you the voice was female... did I?"

The man instantly turned silent after that mention. He tried to convince me I actually had told him that, but I was certain of the opposite. Nevertheless, I couldn't simply argue about such an absurd topic, so after some small talk I left the doctor's office and went to do my own thing... which was to stalk the very same doctor.

Naturally, I wasn't a professional at this sort of thing, nor was I going to get any good chances while the doctor was still working. I went to my home without a hurry, took some more money and went out to buy some make up. I thought about visiting even a make up artist, but that would be an overkill even for me.

Some fake hair here and there, some make up at my face, some contact lenses and a wig later, I visited the psychiatrist. Granted my work wasn't perfect, after some point I had to stop playing with make up since I looked silly even after a few hours of trial and error, so I was certainly missing on that part, but I passed through the reception with no one recognising me and that counted as a success in my book.

After reaching outside the doctor's office, it hit me that I would look weird if all I did was just stand in there... not to mention it was impossible to overhear anything clearly and the doctor wasn't even talking about stuff I was interested about. I felt pretty silly, at that point, but I couldn't just give up. I looked at the ghost beside me and had an idea.

Visiting the male toilets, for a small second the ghost tried to drag me to the female ones, looking conflicted at having to go to the male ones, but her arms just passed through me. She looked annoyed at visiting the male toilets, but also didn't say anything. Her silence all the time was forgotten till I actively went to speak to her and remembered how much she used to talk; repeat herself.

Looking at her straight in the eyes, I asked her if she could spy into that psychiatrist's office. It was a silly idea I had on the spur of the moment. Never actually believed she would listen, but she did...

I stood there for a good half minute before a sudden scream brought me out of my stupor.

"Gh-ghost!" A loud voice was heard inside the psychiatrist's office. My next thoughts were entirely instinctive, but I rushed towards the doctor's office. The doctor seemed to had calmed down, but after a second of staring at the same place it was obvious both of us could see her.

"It's you!" The doctor suddenly yelled, her fingers pointing at me. I wasn't about to lecture her that what she was doing was rude, but I felt offended she disregarded my perfect disguise like that.

After some mild cursing, the doctor threw me the very same pills I was suggested at the beginning and told me not to bother him. He practically shoed me out of the place.

Out of sheer spite I threw those pills at the nearest bin I could find. Turning my head the next moment, I almost had a heart attack and a liver failure from the darn ghost. Seemed to have followed me here...

I wanted to yell at her for acting so insensitively, but looking at her face, I could she she was sad and feeling sorry. My voice was caught before it could get out, and I sighed; this was going to be a long day.

Taking a good look at her, she seemed to be roughly the same age as me, and far quiter than before. This time I wasn't the one to start the conversation, "Erm... I'm sorry about what happened before. I thought I should do something for acting so rudely the previous weeks, but even that turned out as great as my life."

My jaw was barely hanging to my mouth; might had even dislocated it how hard it fell.

"Well... if it helps you calm down, my life ain't that great either." I couldn't help but say. For a moment I thought I was silly for feeling pity about her, but that was barely even a passing thought.

"I can see that. What kind of guy even brings a girl to the male toilets?" She said. I could say the same about her, but that wasn't the time... or was it?

We had the best of conversations that day. At the end I asked her about what had happened to her, but she said her memories were fuzzy and some things didn't make much sense even to her, nor did she want to know.

We striked up so well, I agreed to let her stay in the house; it was basically hers from the beginning, not to mention I suspected she was the reason for the low price, so I felt like I owned her a bit.

In the end? Best housemate ever!