“Always shake hands firmly.” Emma’s mind insisted nervously again and again.

The door swung open.  Emma smiled, her legs a little shaky.  This would be her first big business deal for the company.  “Bob Smith” turned out to be a slightly rotund, middle-aged man.  He was dressed well and seemed polite and friendly.  She looked at him disapprovingly.

Even wearing six-inch heels didn’t prevent having to reach upwards to shake his hand. He wasn’t even that tall!  At least her handshake was firm.  Slippery though.   Emma mentally berated herself for not thinking to use talc or something.

She continued to look down at Bob, her gaze cool and confident.  “Shall we discuss the terms?”.  Straight to business.

Bob looked a little intimidated.  “Of… of course” he said, and gestured towards his apartment.

Emma closed her eyes and took an inward deep breath.  Hopefully there would be tea.  Milk.  Two sugars.  The taste always took her mind back to happier times at the farm, even if processed milk never did taste the same as the milk she’d squeezed herself by hand fresh from the cow. 

They stepped in through the door of the apartment.  The inside turned out to be a smartly-furnished home office.

Bob gestured politely towards a number of comfortable chairs– they surrounded his work desk, apparently intended for visitors to his business.   Emma flopped into the nearest one, happy to get off her aching feet.  A tabby jumped onto her lap, seemingly from nowhere.

She lowered herself carefully into the nearest chair, crossing her legs in a graceful, precise way. 

“Oh you’re so cute!”, Emma exclaimed, her fingers gently scratching the tabby behind the ears.

She noticed the cat and jumped to her feet “Get that thing out of here! I can’t stand animals!”.

Bob hurriedly retrieved the cat from Emma’s lap, stumbling over half-formed apologies.  He ushered the cat out of the room and closed the door firmly on the sound of its indignant mewling.  She locked him with an icy stare.

“Do you want anything to drink?” Bob asked hurriedly, averting his gaze.

She continued to look at Bob sternly. “Coffee, black.  I’m lactose intolerant.  And no sugar.  Or sweeteners. Poison, the lot of it.”

Bob paled slightly.  “I beg your pardon?” he said.

“I’d like tea with two sugars, please”, Emma said, her lips curling in a nervous smile.

Moments later, Bob returned with drinks.  And over drinks they discussed contract terms.  Honestly, Emma would be happy to just achieve a win-win - her first big business deal under her belt.  She went through the contract step by step and ruthlessly attacked every perceived weakness.  She scoured Bob over every tiny point.  He occasionally attempted to disagree but always, eventually he crumbled.  She finally reached a point where the contract was almost entirely advantageous to her firm.

She rose to her feet. “Good.”, she said.  “This is finally acceptable.  I’ll run it past our legal team and if none of your competitors give us a better offer we’ll consider it.  Have a nice day”.  She strode briskly to the apartment door and closed it firmly behind her.

Bob continued to sit in his chair, gazing into space stunned.  Emma sat in her chair. She was sure her expression matched his.

“What… what just happened?” Bob asked.

“I’m afraid She Quin from the negotiating department just happened”, Emma explained apologetically.  “If it makes you feel any better, She scares the heck out of me too”.

The apartment door opened again and She’s head appeared around it.  “Are you coming?”, She snapped.  Her head disappeared

With a last apologetic glance at Bob, Emma scurried through the door after She.