As I wake up from my own snoring I look to the window: just clouds, amazing, why do I even look?. I look to my left, there's this beautiful girl, still in her thirties and I can't but think what a waste of human being I am, neither have loved or ever being loved by anyone, then I go back to my own musings. I take my phone and play some music before I realize that the clock hasn't moved a single minute since I went to sleep after 5 hours of flight: "That's odd, maybe it was a quick nap of a few seconds". But it wasn't.

Soon I realized that none of the staff were going up and down the aisle, and there was no movement at all between the passengers, I dare to touch the hand of the girl next to me: cold as aluminum. Several disturbing thoughts plague my head before I can think straight again: "Don't panic, let's take a walk through the plane".

I started to panic, everyone was frozen in time, so was the plane and the pilots. There was nothing I could do and I had more questions than I could answer. I fainted.

I don't know how long was I out. "Technically no time at all!", I thought to myself, smiling a bit. "Ok, let's try to do something about this". I had studied books about time and bizarre occurrences in the area with other planes, missing boats, etc. as a pastime. The problem was getting the truth out of that amalgam of bullshit.

I spent what looked like several hours up and down the plane, modifying and rewiring panels, controls, anything that could help be, from "let's try to communicate with someone" to "maybe if I create a resonance frequency it will make this time bubble burst" or "let's build a small time manipulating device" although of course that last one was more desperation combined with imagination than anything else.

I didn't have any options left, and I didn't have the knowledge to attack the situation correctly. The prospect of an infinite life stuck in a plane mid\-air didn't look very... enticing, so I did what I had to do, open the airlock, expecting a bitter end.

But that didn't happen either. "Great you idiot, if time is stuck, everything else is, there's no movement or wind" I said to myself, before going onto the wing of the plane and throwing myself down...

\-\-

Maybe I'll do a part 2, I don't know. To be honest this the first time in my life writing, plus I'm not even english so the structure can be completely wrong.