Blinking back in reflex at the bright light before realizing it didn't hurt I paused momentarily to wonder.. Oh. Sucking in a breath I survey my surroundings. White nothing slowly takes shape, the home I grew up in, spent 19 years playing outside, laughing with my sister, climbing trees and slinging mud, riding bikes on the trails in summer and being pulled on a sled down their wintery versions by our wolf. Such wonderful memories.

A tinge of pain, a flash of black, my chest constricts and sorrow seeps into my heart. I pinch back the tears but not before one painfully slips into the corner of my eye to get soaked up in the lashes. I spin around or the place spins around me, I can't discern which, the memories begin to flicker as the laughter fades. Enveloping blackness reaches from the sides as if trillions of microbes are consuming them. 

Where is the happiness going? I want it back, so bad I want that back. It's getting harder to breath, but.. Didn't I? Aren't I? But I want to be happy. That's all I ever needed. 

Unable to chock back the overwhelming sense of despair I let loose a sob that racks my entire body. It's followed by several more and uncontrollably I break down, dropping to a knee no longer strong enough to stand my torso tips forward with the spinning inky blackness. Disjointedly reaching out with a hand I arrest my downward momentum ending with shoulders sagging past my ears. Head sinking into my neck. I can't face this. It's too much. My heart is about to burst forth and the sadness consumes the rest of my body as I slowly let go, relinquishing my extremities to the torturous pain. 

But.. How could this be? I knew happiness, didn't I? I found it in myself, in the things around me. Right? 

A hint of warmth presses into my back, through the skin, the ribs. I relax a little, jaw aching from unknowingly clenched teeth now hanging slack. How hard I was trying to stop it from quivering and now, I let it shiver. My body convulses as the sorrow is forced outward. Regaining a little strength it convulses again and with a deep shudder I can feel it in my previously forsaken limbs. The heat is replacing the black as if that were a thing it could do. Fingers and toes begin to tingle as feeling returns. 

Sitting back on my heels, rolling my head upwards I inhale the freshest breath since waking. I taste crisp, autumnal air. I smell the petrichor from fresh rain pattered leaves. I hear the earth when lost in the woods on a star filled summer night. I see a field of wildflowers gracefully waving in a warm breeze. 

I stand, supported by warmth's embrace. And I remember. I remember what it was like to be lost. To be broken. To pretend to be something, someone I thought I needed to be and how much it pained my soul to watch me being untrue to myself. A liar, a fraud. 

"That time is gone, Joshua, but I need you to always know that feeling. You're not done here, this is far from our end. Our next journey is to watch over those we love who remain on Earth. They can feel us, Joshua, they know our energy and love. Let's help them like you always wanted to. Like you helped yourself before you opened yourself to me, to you."

Edit: a few typos