There was a wailing in my ears, swimming about my head as I tried finding my way through the dark. The closer I got to the light, the louder and more clear it became. Something wet dripped down my forehead and my cheek laid against cold, hard metal. Something kicked my back and I groaned in pain. Vibrations shook my body as if a stampede of elephants were running through the decks of the ship. 

The ship... I was on a ship, wasn't I? I moved my hand to my face and rubbed my cheeks before opening my eyes. Everything was blurry. I reached out for my glasses and luckily found them immediately. The right lens was cracked and provided fractured vision. I sat up and pushed myself against the wall. I quickly took assessment of all my limbs and the pain I was feeling. Nothing was broken, severely bruised but not broken. 

I tried to stand but slumped back down due to dizziness. Great, I thought, I probably have a concussion. I took in my surroundings, desperately trying to remember where I was. I had thought of something when I'd first come to but that thought was gone now. Every surface around me was a dark metal. A red light flickered as an alarm wailed down the hall. It made my head hurt more. 

I stood slowly trying not to let the dizziness back in and limped towards the alarm. I found the shut off switch and flipped it. The sound ceased and I let out a breath of relief. 

"Hello?", someone called out. I froze. I searched my surroundings looking for anywhere to hide with a decent view of the room but all there was were tables and chairs. Must be a mess hall, I thought but then mentally kicked myself at my malaise and stupid observations as the source of the voice made itself present in front of me. 

He was tall, with dark hair and a frightened face. His uniform was in disarray and his ears were bleeding. "Who are you? Do you know what's going on?" Fear laced his voice. It made me uncomfortable.

"I am-", but I stopped immediately. I usually gave a false answer in these situations to insure lack of shared information but I was at a loss. What was my actual name? I always kept it close to my legitimate name to ensure easy remembrance. The uniformed man saw my momentary panic and said, "You don't remember do you...?" 

I looked at him wide eyed. I didn't like being vulnerable like this. "No", I whispered in capable of saying anything else. 

"I can't remember my name either.", He said. I felt the floor fall out from under me and staggered back. 

What in the hell was going on? Get it together, I yelled at myself mentally. You are in an emergent situation with unknown number of dangers and no contact with command. Time to do what you were trained for. But I faltered again, what was I trained for exactly? How did I know some things but not others. 

I glanced up at the man again and noticed a white rectangle on his left breast. It said De la Fuente. I noticed his rank above it and decided to address him as such to try and jog some sort of memory. "Lance Corporal De la Fuente", I said with authority. 

He looked up sharply and asked excitedly, "You remembered your name!?" I sighed defeatedly, "No, that's your name. Look at your uniform." 

He glanced down at his shirt and made and "oh" face. He then looked at my chest and observed, "Master Chief Parker, guess you're my superior ma'am." 

I finally took the opportunity to exam myself. I was dressed in NWU's with my sleeves rolled up. I had small scrapes down my arms including a skeleton of a frog on my left inner forearm. De la Fuente noticed and whistled. "And a seal, respect". 

I shook my head in annoyance. Why did he know that but I didn't? I gave into my instincts and began a full evaluation of the situation and our surroundings. We could worry about those things once we were out of immediate danger. 

"Full debrief since the incident", I commanded, my voice authoritative as if I'd used it a million times. 

He stood at attention hearing my tone, it was an ingrained reaction. "I awoke approximately fifteen minutes ago in the kitchen. I must have sustained a concussion due to my dizziness. I left the kitchen, made my way through here looking for other survivors, and got as far as the supply room before I heard the alarm shut off. Then I found you." 

It was consistent with my turn of events, I'd heard him and felt him run out of the kitchen in a panic. My back was still sore from his clumsiness. He experienced concussive symptoms just as I had, I noted mentally. 

"Run down of injuries", I said. 

"Possible concussion, sprained wrist, bruises", He responded. 

"You're ears have been bleeding, how's your hearing?"

He reached up and touched the blood of his right ear and rubbed it between his fingers. "I can hear just fine ma'am."

"Good. I also have a possible concussion, bruised back, and multiple lacerations and bruises. Any visible injuries I haven't seen?"

"You have a large cut on your forehead and you also have bleeding ears..." He said somewhat tentatively. 

"We have similar symptoms, maybe some kind of blast? We need to get above deck."

We made our way up a series of stairs somehow knowing where we were going even though we both felt we had no idea where we were. 

When we stepped up on deck the sun was bright but low in the sky. We both squinted but walked to the edge. The sight was devastating. There was sand everywhere. The destroyer we were on somehow ran ashore. I looked over the edge of the ship and looked beyond toward land. A skyline was on fire but also flooded. I could see a downed passenger plane a blaze in the middle of a busy freeway. I was mortified. 

"Master chief!", De la Fuente yelled. He'd gone to the opposite end of the ship looking out toward the water. 

"What is it..." I began to ask but my voice faltered. Out in the water was a massive black and yellow pulsing object. It was easily ten times bigger than the tallest building and took up the width of the entire horizon. 

"At least we know why we ran ashore, that would have caused one hell of a wave", He said. 

"Hello! Is anyone around?" We both turned, I crouched instinctively reaching for my side arm. It was there and oddly familiar, comforting. The person came around the corner and stopped abruptly at the sight of my gun pointed right at them. 

"Name and rank." I commanded. His uniform was torn across his left breast taking away his name tag. Tags! I quickly holstered my weapon and tugged at my dog tags. 

Parker Alina T. 
617223365
Catholic

"Alina! My name is Alina", she exasperated with joy. 

De la Fuente tugged at his tags, "De la Fuente Roberto J.", He was just as happy as she was. 

The new person pulled his tags out slowly as to not spook us and read, "Kowalczyk James C." 

"I'm assuming you're suffering from amnesia as well?" I asked taking in his bloodied ears. 

"Yeah. What the hell is going-", He finally saw the object behind us. 

I half turned to look at it then looked back at the both of them. "I don't know."