She was ducking him on purpose. The blue Messenger icon on Matt's laptop lit with notifications from everyone but the one person with whom he wanted to chat. He wandered absentmindedly through a feed that continued to brim with friends he hadn't seen since college bragging about their engagements, promotions, birthday parties, and sonograms of future children. 

No matter how many petty humored millennial videos he forced himself to watch, Tide Pod coloured cupcakes he reacted to with the laughing emoji, despite all of the memes of Nickelodeon '90s cartoons he stared at, he couldn't help clicking on the chat icon, just to see whether Amanda was online. And she was. He threw caution to the wind and clicked on her name, hastily typed into the chat box: *can I come over again?* A few minutes passed, during which time he bit his already damaged nails in anxiety. The green light near Amanda's name disappeared.

Matt sighed. Amanda hasn't answered him in weeks. The last time, it was over a month before she replied, only to say that she was busy. She didn't *look* busy to Matt; every few days, she would check in at the movies or lunch with a number of people, post pictures of herself and mutual friends from work hanging out. *What did I do wrong last we chilled?* In his confusion, he right clicked in the chat box. The options were different from what Matt was used to seeing on Chrome. In fact, one of the many actions in the gray rectangular list was *copy friend to life*. 

He stared at it nonplussed for a handful of seconds, and then right clicked again after he decided that the commands were no more than a mere malfunction. Again, a list dropped down and it included far more than *back*, *reload*, and *save as...*, and this time he read the other options. None of it made any sense, but he decided to investigate further, and left clicked on Amanda's name above the chat box.

Once on her page, he randomly scrolled down to a photo where she was smiling next to one of her friends in the flower crown Snapchat filter. Matt knew that he was creeping, but he was intrigued by all of these new right click options. And he wanted to know why Amanda stopped talking to him after he watched a movie with her at her place months ago. Nothing else happened, it wasn't a "Netflix and chill" kind of situation, but he was too beta to ask her out straight up. He right clicked the photo and hit *copy friend to life*. The image drifted to the right side of the page and gradually faded out.

The next thing Matt knew, Amanda and her friend were giggling in his kitchen, a cellphone high in Amanda's hand. The women were smiling, seemingly unaware of their totally new surrounding. Stupefied, Matt said nothing. But he quickly right clicked again, and hit *delete friend*. Amanda and her bff disappeared.

"What the fuck?" he muttered. He scrolled a bit further in Amanda's timeline, stopping at a photo of her holding a pet rabbit. Again, he clicked *copy friend to life*. The image drifted to the left of the screen this time and Amanda was suddenly sitting in Matt's kitchen, cooing at a Dutch Rex Rabbit.

"A-Amanda?"  
"Yeah?"  
"Holy shit!"

He clicked *delete friend* and Amanda vanished with a resounding *pop*. Matt jumped up from the table, the rabbit seemingly having dropped from Amanda's hands and dashing towards the refrigerator until it, too, vanished with the same oddity. And then Matt started laughing. He went on with this same sequence, copying Amanda into reality and deleting her with the same ease.

Matt paused at her profile photo, right clicked, and selected *copy friend to life* once again. Then Amanda was standing in his kitchen smiling with a bag full of Macintoshes she'd picked back in October. He right clicked his mouse again, and options appeared in front of Amanda's face. She continued smiling, just as she was in the original image, her eyes drifting down the list, following his mouse's motion. 

It was akin to choosing a character to play in a video game. For a moment, Matt had too much fun with this, travelling back and forth with the device. If he wanted to, he was sure he could have made Amanda dizzy. It was creepy that she never stopped smiling, or holding that bag of apples upright in an effort not to spill them. Matt's eyes caught an option he hadn't tested out thus far, *save friend as...* He left clicked that option and a large file icon appeared beside Amanda herself. The folder was labeled, *your life*, and there was space for typing. He slowly put the mouse down on the pad, his hands hovered over the keyboard for at least fifteen seconds. He typed slowly and deliberately, *G-I-R-L-F-R-I-E-N-D...*