Jack was a Funny Guy. 

These "Funny Guys" are a breed that is paradoxically rare and common all at the same time. Every friend group, social circle, or general gathering has one - but only one. Never will there be two Funny Guys at the same gathering. No one will know (or know *well,* at least) two of these Funny Guys. And so to a 127 people, Jack was the only Funny Guy they knew. He was a rarity, an oddity, a delight. He'd make stupid outlandish jokes that would fall flat if you made them, people would edge away from you. But when Jack made them, oh they laughed, no they *roared* with laughter. No one noticed his hair was a shade too long, the circles under his eyes a bit too dark, the laugh a bit too forced. Such things were to be expected after all, you have to know. 

He was a Funny Guy.

And so it was that a meaningless gathering he proudly announced his petition to the U.N. how he wanted to make his apartment complex a country. We'd all laughed of course. That was Jack for you - he always had new jokes. Get tired of listening to him making fun of other people? Or sick of hearing the same tired old innuendos? Well just before you had enough, the son of a gun had done it! A new joke. And so you laughed. 

"What a Funny Guy!" you'd say, wiping tears from your eyes. Then you'd leave the party or bar or wherever you were to distract yourself from Life, high as a kite or as drunk as a sailor, and promptly forget all about that Funny little Guy. 

And then he's there at the next party. And of course he is. He's at every party. Who invites him? Who cares? Someone must've. And everybody knew him of course. He couldn't walk down a hallway at the party without someone hollering a greeting or nodding at him, or shooting him a grin. But no one *talked* to the Funny Guy. They spoke at him sure,  but they never lingered. 

And so it was alone that he climbed on top of a table had clinked a fork against his glass. Everybody turned to him immediately. "Shh," they'd said to each other, "the Funny Guy is talking." 

"My apartment building," Jack said, "is officially a COUNTRYYYYY" he amplified his voice and stretched that last syllable. The whole hall broke into laughter and applause. More than half of them didn't even remember the joke, the fact that he'd mentioned the Country Application last week. Or was that two weeks ago? Half of them didn't get the joke but they laughed all the same, sure it was something *Funny.*

But the hall quiets as Jack speaks again, the center of everyone's attention, but really in the mind of none. "Well now that I have a country," he slurred, "I need some people to live in it!"

Laughter again, but a bit uneasy this time, and accompanied with some furtive whispers. 

"People?" 

"For his country?" 

"He doesn't mean me does he?"

"I got a job, I got a country."

"I'm not drunk enough for this shit."

Jack tapped his spoon against his glass again. Silence fell, and while this time it wasn't absolute, Jack had more of their attention now than he ever had before. "So  what say, friends? Would you like to become my countrymen?"

Silence. Absolute this time. It seemed like an eternity passed before someone dared shatter it.  

"What will I have to do?" A brave voice asked from one of the corners of the hall. Before anyone could find the source of the voice however, Jack laughed. A booming, loud, Funny laugh. This made the crowd nervous, though only a few recognized that they were nervous. And even fewer recognized the source of the unease: it was the first time they had heard the Funny Guy laugh. Usually it was Everyone around him laughed, but this was the first time he had laughed. And no one around him was. 

"Why nothing of course!" Jack proclaimed, "Drink, laugh, live, die, just do whatever the hell you were doing before, just do it as my countrymen! Do I hear an aye?!" he called out.

"Aye," said a handful. They hadn't even been listening really, they just followed Jack's tone of voice, not understanding, not getting. 

Jack repeated himself, a too-wide smile on his face. "Do I hear an aye!?"

Those who'd said aye before had no choice but to say it again, and so did their friends. And their friends. And their friends. Funny, really. Soon the entire hall echoed "Aye" with no one really wanting to say it. 

"And so your word is given," Jack said and laughed again. 

Everyone laughed again, though this time even the unobservant could tell it was forced. Soon after, the people started to leave. A trickle at first, then in droves. They wanted to get away from this place, this somehow uneasy place. What was normally there refuge had been poisoned. It wasn't so Funny anymore. 

A 127 people had gone to that party, not counting Jack. 113 had said "Aye," when Jack had asked. Either out of ignorance or foolishness, it didn't matter. Their words were given. 

The 14 who hadn't said Aye went back to their lives. They didn't even realize for a while that there were barely any more invites, any more get togethers. And when they did, they just shrugged. It was Funny, they thought, how abruptly they'd stopped. And a part of them they tried not to knowledge, the part that had known something was deeply fundamentally wrong at that party, was glad.  

It was only years later that the fourteen read the newspaper and found out about the cache as the apartment building. A number of bodies were discovered between the plaster walls of a particular apartment complex. 113 to be exact. A Mob dumping ground the media called it. A Mob had paid to build the apartment, and stashed the bodies. The fourteen who survived agreed - didn't dare disagree. They didn't disagree despite the Funny feeling they had...

And what was Funny was that the 113 bodies seemed to be wearing remarkably modern clothing, not from around the time the building was built at all.

Funny that.

***
(minor edits: grammar, spelling, rephrasing)

Never done anything like this before, not this dark, not in third person, not so abstract. Feedback is more than appreciated here. It strayed a bit from the prompt, but I used the prompt as a starting point (which is allowed). Regardless, I hope you all enjoyed this Funny little story. 

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  