"Right..." 

Sideways glance at the never-ending line of a variety of creatures ranging from scantily-clad buxom beauties to indescribable horrors. Suffice to say his gaze lingered on the more visually appeasing side.

A brief, polite cough into fist. "Right, then. Looks like we aren't going to resolve this any time soon, so let's make this quick. I just gotta believe in someone, right?"

Deities shifted as if to focus their attention on the contested soul's words. He slowly raised his index finger, its tip fixated by infinite eyes. The finger began circling, slowly at first, then more quickly and quickly, deities' gazes following closely. It was as if they were a litter of kittens.

Finally, the finger halted, pointing toward himself. "Too bad," he announced with a smirk, "but I only believe in myself."

To his slight dismay, deities' reactions were rather underwhelming. They gazed at him in silence, then they began turning around, disappearing one by one without a sign of emotion. A thought crossed his mind as he watched the countless deities leave; what if he had erred? What was going to happen to him now that he chose none of deities?

With each deity disappearing into darkness, his concern grew and grew until he started feeling an inkling of panic. As the last deities were about to leave him alone in the darkness, he called out.

"Wait! Is that it? Are you giving up already?!"

One of the deities stopped mid-turn. It was an old man, with robes and long beard and all that. The old man glanced over his shoulder toward him and spoke with coarse yet warm voice.

"Do you not believe in yourself?"

He gulped nervously, as he locked eyes with the aged deity's gaze. "What if I do?" he probed.

"Then you are your own God," the aged deity spoke. "Your soul belongs to you and you alone." The deity turned away from him, facing the darkness. "Make wise use of it, for it is the only soul you have."

The deity's words trailed off as the robed old man merged with the darkness, leaving him alone, encompassing him in silence.

After a long while, the silence was broken with mere two words:

"Well, shit."