Gary wasn't a man of God, he had little faith in even the tangible, but this curse that had befallen man was nothing short of a gift from the divine in his eyes. 

The dead rose, at least those that weren't ash. Beating their way out of mausoleums, clawing there way out of the ground, and even the freshest feet of the dead slapped along hospital corridors as they fled the morgues. 

The dead seemingly had consciousness, most could speak if their mouth, vocal cords, and lungs hadn't rotted too much, and few had their personalities seeming intact. Some rejoiced as their loved ones had returned, but many saw the Returned as an affront to life and the memory of loved ones. It didn't help that some of the dead screamed and wailed for hours after first rising, many couldn't talk or react when spoken to, and those that could speak only did so in broken sentences and thoughts. Many of the Returned turned violent. 

Their had been no explanation for the Rising, not yet anyways. The mystery of it all only spurred on the public outcry, the fear of the dead, the primal desire to defend oneself. And that's all Gary needed, that fear was a golden ticket. It brought a smile to his face that would not leave, even as he sped down the back country roads in the dark. 

Gary had been a cop since twenty-two, spent his entire adult life chasing down criminal filth, after living a childhood wading through their messes. He was a lawful man, but he wasn't a compassionate one. When he caught a criminal and brought them in, he wasn't serving the community, he was ripping the freedom from someone who didn't deserve it. When the guilty verdict was spoken, Gary's heart soared not because justice was served, but because of the years of pain and fear that were now assured. On the outside Gary seemed a model citizen, a pillar of the community, and a man of honor. Those were just useful side effects of what Gary really was. Gary was no stranger to his truths, he stayed in the lines, played by the rules, and dished out as much pain as he legally could. He had slept well every night since his first arrest. 

That's why the dead rising was a boon, and the public fear was a golden ticket. The dead didn't have protections, no grand document to grant them unalienable rights. They were monsters, especially the one screaming from inside Gary's trunk. 

This particular monster was named Bernie Reyes. An average looking man in life, but horrific looking even for a man who had been a corpse for a little under a year. But Gary couldn't fault Old Bernie for that. Gary hadn't embalmed Bernie, only wrapped him in painter's plastic before throwing him into a deep grave out in the woods.     A perfect spot for a child sex trafficker. 

Gary played by the rules, as much as he could. But there came a time in every man's life when he would see a great injustice occur. And as a cop he saw a lot of the guilty walk, and it was unfair. Bernie's mistrial that led to him walking was one of the greatest examples. Much of Life was unfair, but not the bat Gary had swung into Bernie's stomach before loading him up into the trunk ten months ago. Neither were the weeks of torture that followed, they had been more than earned Gary thought. The unfair part was when Bernie's body just gave up, and found the peace of death. 

Gary did his part at the precinct the last week as the dead rose. Loving every second of tracking down past offenders who had risen, and throwing them into packed cells to cry and wail together, until their turn for cremation came. 

He had the today off, as most the small city's criminal Risen were accounted for. Good timing too, for when he woke this morning and saw his motion activated trail camera out in the woods had sent him blurry pictures of an upturned grave, he remembered what Christmas morning felt like. He rushed down stairs, hastily climbed into his old Buick, and flew down the road towards the unmarked grave in the woods. A quick march in and he found Bernie sobbing and gasping only fifty feet or so from the upturned grave. Much to Gary's delight, Bernie was still allergic to baseball bats, and Bernie's lungs were still much intact as he screamed fruitlessly in the depths of the back woods. The decay made Bernie lighter, another boon Gary thought as he dragged the sobbing broken man back to the car. The animals would clean up of the strips of flesh that ripped off from the dragging.

Back at his property, Gary brought Bernie back to a familiar room, a basement hidden under a shed on Gary's property. This was Gary's personal Courtroom, and thanks to the dead rising, Bernie was his first recidivist. 