Looking back, I really can’t blame her for what she did. In the beginning we were so hopeful - I was so hopeful. I’d always wanted a child and when she’d announced her pregnancy I wept with joy. "We’ll call her Samara," I’d told her one night, whispering to her still flat belly. 
“What if it’s a boy?” She’d asked. I had a feeling it would be a girl, I knew it was going to be a girl. 

I don’t know how I didn’t realise what the change in my wife’s attitude meant. What might have happened. I’d left for the weekend for a work event and when I came back... She was distant, withdrawn. She’d bought new sheets for the bed. When I talked about the baby she’d smile tightly, nod her head absently in agreement.

Sometimes I’d hear her crying in the middle of the night. I don’t know why I never comforted her, or asked her what was wrong. I was always so confused. We were having a baby, why wasn’t she happy?

It was after the 9 month mark that my excitement began to escalate. Everyone knew what a late pregnancy meant, our baby, our precious baby, was going to have powers. It was no surprise, my wife had been a late pregnancy as well, she’d been a year overdue. 

A year passed, two years. By the five year mark we’d broken the world record. We denied any media coverage, we dodged the paparazzi. It was my wife’s idea, she didn’t want to tell anyone about it. The first time she saw that our baby was being talked about on the news she’d gone pale. She had thrown up a moment later, I just assumed it was morning sickness. 

Our relationship became strained over the years. We never argued, nothing so outright. But she became progressively more moody, withdrawn. She wouldn’t talk to me for days on end, she outright refused to go to any doctor’s appointments. Sometimes I’d find her sitting in the dark by herself, just staring at the wall. 

Fifteen long years passed.

Sometimes I think about what might have been the breaking point. Where everything went wrong between us. Sometimes I blame it on that long ago weekend when my wife’s mood first changed. Sometimes I blame it on my excitement before that, my adamant obsession with having a baby girl. But ultimately, I settle on the same night. The same mistake. It was a few days after the fifteen year milestone, we were having a celebratory dinner. Her mood was lighter than usual, we were joking. Fifteen years! This child better be a god! She laughed at that one. I tried another joke, I loved to hear her laugh. 

“You know, sometimes it feels like we’re never going to have a child, it feels like we’ll always be waiting!” I chuckled, she didn’t. She stared at me for a long time, I tried to ignore the tear that had quietly slipped from the corner of her eye. 
We moved on, we ignored what happened. At least, that’s what I thought we were doing.

It happened a month later. I came home from work to find all the lights were off. I called out for her, maybe she was having a nap. I checked each room, by the time I’d reached our bedroom to find it empty my heart jumped: Maybe she went into labour. The tang of blood itched at my senses. My mind screamed that something was wrong. There was only one room I hadn’t checked. I carefully pushed the bathroom door open. 

Her letter was short, succinct. Like she’d thought it out thoroughly before writing it. Her explanation for what she’d done was simple. 

“I lost the baby in my second trimester. I didn’t want to disappoint you. I can’t live with what I’m doing to you anymore.” 

I looked at her body numbly. Her stomach was no longer round, it was as flat as the first day I’d met her. She’d been so beautiful when I first saw her, an appearance of her own making, the advantage of being a shapeshifter. 
My fingers were numb as I pried the gun from my wife’s limp hand. Tears slipped down my cheeks. In the moment before I pulled the trigger I prayed for an afterlife.

 I just wanted to see my wife and baby again. 
