Fuck. 

Fuck!

I still can't believe it. I still can't believe how stupid I've been. People always tell you to watch out while you cross the road and be careful when you go out, and bla, bla, bla. Well - turns out, that is actually very, very good advice. One moment, I'm wondering why my phone stopped playing music. The next, I look up, just in time to see the terrified truck driver panicking because this massive beast of metal doesn't have a chance to stop. 

That last moment feels like someone took a chisel to my brain and etched it in in as much detail as possible. A quiet gasp, my eyes squeeze shut, and I brace for impact. There's... something. It's like someone violently tearing you away from the spot you're standing in. I guess that's what it feels like to die instantly. 

At least there was no pain. A little pain. Probably would have been a lot, if it had lasted longer. I don't know what happened after the impact, it's just... black. I think I'm standing on something. Around me there's light - not just light, but... grass?

Several feet high, brightly glowing grass. Or something like that. Looking down, I can tell the ground is... well, ground. It's black, a little soft, and I do leave footprints. 

I reach down to touch some of the earth - I assume that's what it is, if it has grass coming out of it - and it's cold and feels a little wet. I take a careful step, and then I notice that the grass is growing towards me. There's tiny blades of the stuff just pushing out.

What the hell is going on here?! 

"I would advise against touching that." 

I spin around, because I could swear that that came out of nowhere. But no, there he stands. Death. Oddly stereotypical - gloved, black hands, wielding a Scythe, and a long, black cloak that obscures everything else. The voice sounded... cold. Not cold like the ground - cold like the freezing depts of the ocean. Like whoever it belonged to could easily swallow me up, and I'd be... gone. Gone for good. 

"I seem to be a little late. I do apologize." He continued - I assume it's a 'he' at least. Just hearing him speak sends a chill down my spine. Something about him seems off, but I don't know what - once I know to look, however, I find it pretty quick. His scythe is dripping. A glowing, white liquid is slowly oozing down the finely crafted blade, and drips from the sharp end. 

"Sure, no problem." I blurt out, which has him looking towards me for a moment. He steps aside and reveals a path, probably just about wide enough for two people next to each other. On the edges, there's tiny blades of grass again. I realize he must've cut his way here. "So, I'm-" 

"You have died, yes." He finishes my sentence, and extends one of his hands. "We ought to leave." 

"Can I at least ask-"

"When it's safe. I must insist we depart." 

I shut up for a few moments, look around, and take another step forward. "What is that? We can talk while we're walking, right?" No response, but he doubles down on his gesture. It feels weird to be ushered along like this, but I walk towards the swathe of soil he had revealed. 

"So, what's going on here?" I ask again, whlie I reach up to rub at the back of my neck. 

"Guess. I am not intent on playing games with you, but discovering the logic of this realm yourself will help you in the long term." I try not to roll my eyes, but instead just close them for a moment and focus on the path ahead. 

"Right- you told me not to touch the... what is this, grass?" A quiet nod is all I get. Well - actually it's not so bad not having to hear that creepy voice. 

"I don't get why though. At least give me a hint." 

That has him considering, before he stops for a moment. "You have grass on earth, but not like this. On earth, plants grow by taking what they need from the soil. This however-" he jabs the ground with the end of his scythe "- does not provide anything other than a foundation for its roots." 

I stop for a moment, and then I feel a touch in the center of my back that has me jump forward. It felt weirdly like being tazed and having a bucket of ice water dumped out over your head at once - only... more substantial. 

I try to regain my composure and walk again - right, don't stop. "Wait, where do these things get their food from?" I ask, while the answer creeps up my spine. Oh. "I'm the food." I whisper, then turn towards the gently swaying field of white around me. There's so much of this stuff. 

"Correct. Once you come into contact, it would trap you - and drain you. Why else did you think I would need an instrument like this?" He asked, just in time for the path to end. I let him step by and watch as he clears away a patch of the stuff in front of us. The bottom immediately whithers away, while most of the blades end up being snatched up by the surrounding grass, and are quickly consumed and reintroduced to the whole system. That grass is a lot more alive than I had thought previously - but lacking pretty much every sense except touch, that seems to be how it can tell. 

"That's... really weird actually. Why is this stuff even here?" I ask, while he works to get us further along. "It has always been here. The only reason you are still here is because of us." Finally an explanation I can actually do something with. 

"Us, as in... the people responsible for taking care of human souls in the afterlife?" 

"Correct." 

"So, you keep this stuff in check so it doesn't just grow everywhere and eats everyone who ends up here?"

"Correct." 

It's not long after that that we end up at what looks like solid ground. The same material, but... smoother and harder. The grass goes right up to the edge, then stops. I get some elevation and look over the fields again. It extends as far as I can see, and there doesn't seem to be an end to it even after that. I think I'm safe for now, but I'm sure that I definitely saw something move out there - something stalking in that damn grass. I'm too afraid to ask what it is, but while I watch Death clean the gunk off his scythe, I wonder just how many of him there are... suppose I'll never find out. For me, it's off to being judged. I'm not aware of how close I came to just... disappearing. I hope he gets to the next one in time.