“For the elegant,truly astonishing and powerful lady you are you have possibly the worst pet you know.” The young man was dressed in beautiful, expertly crafted -yet incredibly uncomfortable- metal armour. The valiant and noble knight had decided that he and he alone would slay the wretched black beast that was keeping his future wife prisoner. unfortunately he had miscalculated one tiny thing...

“Yes well at least she does a better job at protecting me then any of you. One house trained dragon. Thats all it takes! What if a REAL dragon attacked,then what would you all do?!” She whined cheekily as she prepared the most expensive tea you had ever seen,sprinkled with gold flakes and served in a cup of purple only fit for the royal. She gestured for him to sit down and he did as told,not wishing to offend the princess more then he already had. “Penelope is a family member to me and I grow tired of this silly game. One day she may be hurt and what could I do then! My poor baby would be defenceless!” She squealed and let out crocodile tears,hoping to make the knight feel bas. As she was about to take a small,elegant sip of tea the castle doors burst open and a giant scaly beast came inside. 

She was truly a sight to be hold,as tall as a house and as elegant as the princess herself Penelope trotted down the castle hall,lights from candles and stained glass windows bounced off her deep metallic scales giving her an aura of rainbows. Not a scratch in sight it seemed that none had ever striked her with even the most heavenly or hellish of blades,showing just how incompetent the knights and soldiers of her kingdom truly were.

The young knight winced as the dragon approached closer but he dared not move out of fear for what the soon to be queen may do to him. Soft coos of affection escaped the dragons maw as she knelt down,the princess embracing her in a hug. “Do not worry dear,soon they shall all learn that you are more then some scaly vermin” a fire seemed to light in the woman’s eyes as she walked around the dragon,inspecting for cuts and scuffs.

“It just baffles me that someone as truly magnificent as a princess would want such a... interesting pet. Its not safe. You should put it down.” the princess scoffed loudly,seemingly disgusted by the insult he had thrown at her. Penelope growled and wrapped her self around the future queen protectively. All the knight could see was the chest of the dragon and he could hear even less,the soft whispers and growls of the two girls communicating,deciding what they were going to do. All went silent as she climbed the dragon,being sure to remove her heels first she used Penelope’s horns to hoist herself up. Once the princess was secure and comfortable the dragon unfurled from its curled position and stared deeply into the young man’s eyes.

The knight’s eyes flew wide as he realised what was happening,he drew his sword out and pointed it towards the draconic creature “HALT! I cannot allow even a princess to commit a crime so obscene!”. The lady ignored him,instead choosing to lean near the dragon’s ear “soon they shall all see what we can truly do”. Penelope stretched her wings out and took in a mighty huff of air as the now terrified knight charged at her,all it took was a small puff and the man became a chicken roast in a can. His charred remains rattling in the make shift oven his armour had become. 

A wicked smile spread across the Princess and Penelope’s faces for they knew that soon the only reason anyone would come for the princess was to beg for mercy.



Note: ive been awake for 21 hours so this is probably terrible but dragon prompts claw me in.

Quick edit: annnd im not a good writer at all I really just write to vent most of time but im open to critique of my sleep deprived writing skills.