I had to get it out. There had to be some way of doing it without changing things, without making it go away. 

I wandered the streets, days must have passed though they didn't. Then weeks then months but time has no meaning when nothing changes. Nothing has any meaning when nothing changes. 

I had stopped questioning why it was happening to me. Those were thoughts of other men of other times. As usual I had been less than sober when the writing appeared on my arm and I hadn't wanted to be sober since. It's easy to rob liquor stores when no one is looking. Everything is easier when nobody's looking except looking at yourself. 

That was the beginning. Few questions and fewer thoughts. But then I had a moment of clarity, you see, and I realized that I had to act. It all depended on me, that was what the letters were telling me. It was all in my hands. 

I took to the streets once again to look for a tattoo parlor. I had never put my feet inside one before, I had thought myself better than those posers and thieves. There's nothing like a good old chronostasis to get you thinking about other things though. 

I found some needles but they were filthy with blood. I looked for a long time, and there I go again with the time, but old habits die hard, and I looked for a long time and then it was there. The filthy blood was all I had and with it I started scratching. Time-freezes freeze electricity too, it seems, for I couldn't make it work. That's when I took the needle to my skin. It tickled at first, then it itched and then I moaned with pain. 

Saving humanity is no simple thing. 

Little by little I managed to scratch out the upper layers of my skin but still the words shone mocking red. I dug deeper and even through my drunken stupor it was excruciating. But still the message persisted. It was seared into my bones. 

I was frantic at this point. There wasn't enough time. I had to save them. I looked around me inside the cluttered shop and then I found my solution. 

A red axe hung by the window. Don't ask me why. I think it was planted there. I took it and I took my arm. It's harder than one thinks to chop of your own arm with your axe but you should be able to imagine it now. A great enterprise. 

I don't know how many heartbeats passed. Yes, that's a change. That's time. The heartbeats. They putt putt putt and putter and putt even when the world stops turning. 

The second my arm fell away it started once again. I was free. The frozen man by the window thawed then. He looked at me like I had quite gone mad. 

"What are you doing, man? Don't you know the world is ending?" His voice was plain, wooden. Wooden like his face. 

"I know. I've been spending a lifetime trying to make sure it happens too. Why won't you come over here and give me a hand?" 





