Ervik the Wanderer had found the strange black rectangle in a cave, it was told - some said it stood alone in the center of a cavern on a pedalstool of stone, but Tritty knew that was silly - she'd been in that cave and it was just crevices and cracks, covered in bat shit. There was nothing special about it.      

But still, it was real - the strange, unnatural curves, a black mirror like the ones her gramma had told her about on one side, strange blue strips on the other. The others in the enclave had either praised it as the work of gods or cursed it as the works of demons, but the elders knew better - when they came across the tribleless wanderer, they killed him, as the customs dictate, and took his things to distribute among the enclave, but they knew better than to toy with this strange artifact.      

Now it stood propped up on a shelf in the hut of the enclave leaders, and the stories about it had spread beyond the wall and into the wasteland, far into the barren desert know as Statesof. Strangers had come from far beyond the wastes, claiming to know it's purpose or claiming it held strange powers of unlimited knowledge or truth. They, too, were put down by the enclavers, as all the tribeless must be.     

Still, Tritty knew, somewhere in her heart, that the desperate cries of the strangers as they were set upon by the enclavers could be, nay must be true - else why would they make such a journey across such dangerous lands? Though she was only young - one of the last to be born just after the great fires, before their mothers and children had started to die or be born as monsters, twisted and broken, she knew there was more to this strange tablet than the elders let on.     

So here she was - the dead of night, the rest of the enclavers sound asleep, even the guard Rik she knew was took naps every night when he was meant to be on watch. She crept along the brown metal, pushed aside the ruffled dull grey doors and slipped inside, down the dark corridor and into the sleeping chambers where the black mirror lay next to her sleeping mother, the leader of the enclave, no doubt used  to apply the tiny and cracked vials of strange face paint every morning, the ones that Tritty was forbidden to touch or use.     

She slipped it under her shirt, feeling the cold metal against her bare skin, her heart pounding as she slipped back out of the chambers, carefully sliding the crinkled doors shut as one eye stayed locked on Rik, snoring and drooling in his dirty booth beside the gates. She knew she could not stay in the enclave, now, that from this point on she was tribeless, a wanderer, to be killed on sight if anyone from the other enclaves saw her.

She walked throughout the night, south, away from the distant glowing desert to the north, into the ruined forest, avoiding the hunting trails, her arms and face scrapped and punctured by the sharp dead branches and rusted hulks of metal scatted among the dead grey trunks. Soon sleep began to overcome her and she crawled inside the belly of one of the giant metal birds, the ones her gamma had once claimed flew all around the world with people in their bellies, though her mother claimed this was nonsense, these were beasts of war, untamed by men, that swooped and dived and killed men by the thousands, before they were felled by the force of the great fires. 

She awoke to a deafening sound, the screaming of metal and the rush of air; she was thrown from her compartment, her head bouncing violently off some corner of the metal cage, now she was upside down as the beast shook and fell, plunging down the side of the cliff that had gone unseen in the darkness. 

With a sickening thud the movement stopped and Tritty saw only red and black and the light of the early dawn fading before her eyes. The stolen tablet fell from her robes and clanged it's way down the twisted wreck, and then jammed itself along side of the cage, it's back against the  dirty but translucent wall at the front of the metal monster, the first rays of sun creeping in around it's edges. 

The world  began to fade again to black, as she struggled to use the last of her strength to free her pinned leg, to no avail. Drops of red speckled the grim grey floor, slowly running down across the faded yellow letters NO STE, before dripping out onto the brown dirt where the former bird of prey had begun to settle.  

As she felt herself fading, she heard a sound, an unnatural and unworldly sound, faint but  enormous in her ears, strange and yet somehow comforting. She forced her eyes open and gazed down at the black tablet, light now streaming all around it's edges, and she saw an extraordinary sight - a new light, a false light, flickering on, the black mirror replaced with white, a strange circle full of shapes and symbols, and words, sharp and black and clear as day, which she did not understand: "Welcome to Wikipedia." 