After 27 years of sleep, Pennywise the clown arose from its slumber, hungry. Its feet sloshed through the water, the sound of its steps bouncing off the moss-infested stone walls. At the slightest disturbance, the bodies dangling above Pennywise shifted, some spilling three decades worth of bloody decay into the sewer. It inhaled the sour-sweet odor and frowned. None of these children had lasted long enough for a snack, which was fine. In Derry, Maine, children were served fresh.

A padded footstep sounded down the sewer and Pennywise froze. It must’ve been those kids, back to fulfill their promise. Pennywise faded into the shadows, its claws already out.

---

Donatello glanced at April. Her auburn hair spilled down slender shoulders, bobbing as she walked beside him. They were only going to pick up pizza, but he had made sure to wash up beforehand. Chances to go one on one with April didn’t come frequently. Unfortunately, this wasn’t one of them.

Michaelangelo walked at his other side spinning his nun chucks. “I’m telling you, stuffed crust is the way to go. Have you ever had stuffed crust? It’s like a cheese pizza inside of a cheese pizza!”

April rolled her eyes and smiled. “I guess you’ve never heard the word restraint?”

“Of course I have,” Michaelangelo said. “Master Splinter talks to me about it all the time.”

“Mikey, the fact that Master Splinter has to keep telling you about it is proof enough that you don’t get it,” Donatello growled.

His orange-masked brother furrowed his brow. “What’s up your butt, Donnie? Your staff?”

April giggled. Donatello clamped his mouth shut and picked up his pace. The sooner they could be done with this, the better.

---

Pennywise tilted its head. Two overgrown turtles and a woman walked through its sewers. Strangely enough, the turtles seemed to be talking to each other. It crept from shadow to shadow, watching this scene unfold.

“Would you like to float too?” it asked under its breath.

The orange-masked turtle, the one they called Mikey, stiffened. His nun chucks fell limp at his sides. “Guys,” he said, turning toward the shadows and squinting his eyes.

Of course, he wouldn’t see. Shadows containing Pennywise darkened. It nearly burst into laughter, watching a turtle trying to find it in the shadows.

“Stop slowing us down,” the turtle named Donnie huffed and walked ahead of him. “If you don’t keep up, we’re leaving you.”

Mikey took one last look back before tearing his eyes away from the creeping shadows. “Okay,” he muttered and continued forward. Three fingers gripped tightly around his nun chucks.

Pennywise picked at its teeth. They weren’t human, yet he could still smell their fears as if they were. Mikey and his fear of squirrelanoids and Donnie and his fear of the girl beside him’s rejection. The edge of Pennywise’s lips curled into a dagger’s point. Its stomach rumbled.

They weren’t children, but perhaps they could float too.

---

The two turtles and April walked in silence. Mikey stopped cracking jokes. Donnie pressed his lips together. April held in a shiver. The only sound between them were the slap of webbed feet and clack of shoes—sounds that echoed a bit too loudly.

With every passing step, though they walked toward the sun, the shadows encroached and the air became a bit more brittle. Nobody mentioned it, nor the sinking feeling in their stomach. It wasn’t fear exactly, they were *unsettled*. It felt as if a single voice or jerky movement would tear apart the fragile peace and unleash something upon them.

However, though they walked in perfect tempo, never mentioning the darkness, echoes, or coldness, Pennywise only advanced further. The shadows crept. The echoes loudened. And the air grew more still and cold than a corpse.

They walked until their footsteps sounded like gunshots and they could no longer even see their own hands in front of their faces. They had passed the sewer exit long ago, but nobody dared to stop walking. It was instinct.

But if ignoring the clown was all that took to stop it, IT would never have become the monster it now was. It smiled and took on the form of April’s worst fears.

April stopped walking. She had heard a new sound, something besides their footsteps—a flapping in the air, some squeaks. She listened closer and suddenly, the blood drained from her cheeks. Before she could stop herself, a shiver ran up her spine and she screamed. A colony of bats blasted past her, their wings beating upon her body, little teeth nibbling at any exposed skin.

“April!”

She couldn’t even tell who screamed it. Everything was drowned out by the bats. Her legs moved on their own, pistoning her forward away from the creatures. Behind her, someone was still calling her name, but it was fading slowly into the distance as she took frantic rights and left, anything to escape the bats. She dashed through Derry, Maine’s underground labyrinth, leaving behind only her screams.

By the time she stopped running, whoever was calling her name could not even reach her in echoes and the bats had disappeared, leaving her engulfed in a deafening silence. 

And a slight giggle.

"You can float too."

---

---

/r/jraywang for 200+ stories.
