I sat impatiently behind behind my desk, glancing at the clock above the door almost obsessively. I drummed my fingers on my desk, then decided to stop. After all, she'll probably not arrive for an hour or two.

I opened my journal. It was a simple journal that contrasted my office quite severely, a dogged brown book sitting in the office of the most powerful man in the world. I thumbed through the familiar pages, recounting entries past that I had written, starting with the Revolution...

You see, the Russian Federation was actually the first to revolutionize. The people rose up, as they did in 1917, 1789, 1776. They overthrew the lazy, corrupt, democratic government and formed their own. Only this time the new provisional government left in its place stepped down, as it was meant to do, and handed power to the people. Instead of becoming a fascist police state, as it had once been before, the reborn USSR followed exactly the steps of Communism Marx had laid down, so long ago. The world had its first true communist nation.

But still, every nation needs a person to represent them, even if the people were the ones that ruled. So I, a young man from a town only known for its Literature Club, was plucked off the earth and brought here to a new nation. The people had decided I was the best choice for leading the nation. So I took it.

Honestly, life was actually quite well under my rule. Science and research flourished, women, men, even those who identified as either or neither were equal. People met every month to send me their problems, and I gave advice on what to do. For I was a leader, but I did what every leader was supposed to do: advise their people.

Eventually the world saw us, a resurgence of communism, and afraid of us, mobilized. American and English troops massed at my western and eastern borders. Europe moved to secure the north, while India and China moved to the south. I was surrounded just like that. But now it was time to take the world back.

Russians don't do well in offensive positions. No, what they specialize in is Defence. They dig in, refuse to surrender, and fight tooth and nail for every inch of land. And so I used it to my ability.

I first struck China. It, like the USSR of old, had an army of millions, but nowhere to put them. With the promise of true communism, my ranks swelled with millions of volunteer Guerilla units, ambushing Chinese supply routes and making chaos in front of the advancing Russian army. Within days we took Beijing, with the government surrendering in the face of almost their entire population. Afterward, I annexed China, but I did not persecute it. I gave all people there, Nationalist or Communist, automatic citizenship. As Genghis Khan had done before me, I killed the enemy leaders, but spared and integrated most everybody else. This policy would continue in my conquest. 

From China, we attacked India, our tanks rolling across the plains from two different directions. Simultaneously, we began conquering the island nations of the southeast - Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia, Australia, and so forth. Japan was a special case, however. We agreed to a peace treaty. Japan did not want to fight us, nor did we want to fight Japan. The resulting campaign would lead to millions of deaths. And we both knew that was unnecessary.  

Once we had India, we sweeped the Middle East, suppressing brutally any resistance. Terrorists and Government forces desperately banded together, but a union made too late. There is still resistance there, but it doesn't exactly threaten us anymore.

From the Middle East we launched a double campaign through Africa, whilst attacking Norway and Sweden from the north. In a supersize version of the encircling movements of the Germanic Blitzkrieg, we moved the envelop Europe, first taking Spain, then the Netherlands and Poland. Germany fell within two months. Italy joined us willingly. France took a bloody two years to completely subdue, every citizen taking arms, protesters and police alike resisting our forces. 

Britain was a tougher nut to crack. From Norway and Spain, bombers pounded the island constantly. RAF bases and naval ports were targeted again and again. Then, when Britain tried to attack our capital in an effort to make us shift notice away from their military, I instead sent landing craft. Swarms of troops crossed the English Channel, artillery blasting enemy troops for days. We took Britain bit by bit, transforming each city into a fortress designed to defend against resistance from unconquered terrain. We swept through Scotland, bagpipes wailing from every side as Kilted Crusaders clashed with our Tank divisions. It took almost a year to subdue Britain. Sightings abounded of a man in armor, a crown upon his head, leading resisting forces upon a white charger, brandishing a golden sword, with most sightings originating from Avalon. It was strange, but no more. Eventually the entire eastern Megacontinent was a single nation, unified, as it should be.

Next came the Americas. US troops had fought alongside resistance forces in Europe, but now the President was sweating. We had the combined nuclear arsenals of 82 nations pointed at his face. He knew he could not end this quickly. My spies told him he was readying for an invasion. Instead, it was us who invaded.

We bombed Pearl Harbor once more, as the Japanese had done almost a century ago. But we occupied it, and from there moved to take LAX. Once we had the airport and the accompanying city, our air forces hopped through the states, taking airports to use as airbases much as the US had done in the island-hopping campaigns against Japan. We made it to Texas before US forces mobilized to stop us. Then our ground forces pushed in. We blitzed through to the east, taking Washington under heavy fire, then spread outwards. The Latin and South American nations fell within months. Canada took another month to subdue. With billions of troops at my command it was surprisingly easy. Now the world is unified under a single, or maybe two banners - the New USSR, and Japan.

I closed the journal as the doors opened. A girl stepped through it. My childhood friend had changed. She had a haunted look in her eyes, and she stooped with a dejected air. Honestly, I could relate. There had been something in her school lately. Something about a boy, her club's president, and computer sentience. I honestly don't know. I steepled my fingers and smiled as she sat down.

"You have no idea how long it's been, Sayori."

  
  
  
Post Script: The world domination campaign pictured above probably won't work today, but it was fun to picture how I would take over the world. Also, sorry for any spelling problems, I'm doing this on a phone.