"I'm just saying, Bill, for the sake of argument let's say I think it's unusual and I want you to acknowledge it," Dr. Filiano said from across the table.

"Of course, sure, they are very quiet, I agree with you," Tim said back nervously.

"But this is exactly my point, Tim, you can't bring yourself to say it. And how can I hire a man who is so afraid of his own heritage?" Dr. Filiano now said back in reflection.

It was a tough deal for Tim. The fact that he even went by Tim and not his God-given Timliano was already any issue, and now that he sat here for what was to be his last interview, he didn't quite know how to handle it.

For years, Tim had dreamed of nothing more than serving on the council. He'd grown up dreaming of it-- of representing himself and his culture to the world, and bringing it back to they heyday it once had. Not the nefarious, hustling heyday, but rather the honest, hard-working reputation that he felt more and more had been perverted by pop culture in film and television.

"Dr. Filiano, you must understand that this position means the world to me. To speak for all of us, and to put a good face on and to let people into our world has always been my dream, but I shudder to think that resorting to stereotypes will help anyone," Tim finally said after a moment of quick thinking.

"That's a wonderful, politically-correct response," Dr. Filiano responded between bites of linguine, "But that serves to show even more that you are not ready. You must understand, Tim, that self-awareness is a huge aspect of this position. If you cannot even acknowledge these petty stereotypes through humor, how will you ever handle the real issues that plague us?"

It was an excellent point, and somehow Tim knew it was the death knell. He hung his head low, peering across the restaurant every now and then at the family that had become the center of discussion. Really, he thought, was that old gypsy woman even for real? I mean she did predict many aspects of his life, but this nonsense about last words, it was really a stretch for him to believe. Now, that it made the difference between his dream job and plugging along in misery at his current 9-5, the risk reward factor grew inversely stronger for him with each passing moment.

"Fuck it, Dr. Filiano, you think I'm politically correct? I'm not going to be lectured on that. You want a loud table, just keep talking like you're talking."

"Ah! There it is," Dr. Filiano said back almost immediately, "Yes, embrace it! Be what you are!"

"Damn it, I will! And I'm not going to put any stock in fables and legends, I'm just gonna tell it like it is. That's what I'm gonna do, and that's why you're gonna hire me. And if you ask me where I see myself in five years, I'm gonna tell you "fucking your wife" too, just to show you that I'm done walking this tight-rope."

"Yes! Yes! Now what do you think about that family over there?"

"That family? Fuck, you think I can't say it? Where's the waiter? Where the fuck is he? I'll fucking scream it over to him right now."

"Hey now, you're getting a little ahead of yourself," Dr. Filiano jumped in, starting to get a bit nervous.

"Hell no, this is what you want, Doc. What's wrong, you want me to say it but not loud enough for them to hear it? Who's the bitch now?" Tim shouted.

He spotted the waiter swing around the back of the restaurant, where he stopped at the family in question. It was Tim's perfect moment.

"Hey waiter!" Tim yelled, loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear, "Gee, that Italian family over there sure is quiet!"

A moment of silence came after, interrupted only by the Italian family in question. The husband, who stood and revealed himself to be quite giant, stood and faced Tim. Then, reaching behind his back, he shouted over to their table.

"Hey you fuckin' little stronza, how's this for quiet?"

Gun-shots rang out, and Tim fell off of his chair.