I think about Death so much it feels more like a memory.  I blame my mom.  At least the mom in my dream I had when I was a child.  We were in our living room, surrounded by crumbling wallpaper and a frayed carpet.  Everything was normal.  Then a leather coffin appeared out of the air and my mom got in it.  She said she was dying.  

I wake up screaming.  

That dream was 15 years ago...but I remember it everytime I think of death...which is often.  It's almost like a past-time. My impending doom and the oblivion that awaits have become the silent theme song of my life. I was afraid once,  of what awaited me behind the doors of death but not anymore.  This world, with all its pain and suffering and worthlessness does make me happy anymore.  I'm not sure it ever did.  I think I've just been emulating happiness for a long time now.  Trying to act it out by observing how others seem to be "happy". A smile here and a laugh there,  but I've come to realize that,  inside,  there is nothing. That being said though,  life still has its surprises for me.  And she was one of them. 

It was a cloudy day when we first met.  How fitting.  I was walking across the street from her when I saw her stop under a canopy of a coffee shop.  She was gorgeous.  I mean drop-dead-too-good-to-be-true gorgeous. The kind of girl that causes you pain to behold because you know you can never be with her.  I had to fucking try.  Our eyes met for just a second.  The way your eyes meet with strangers in passing but I felt like I knew her already.  Im an Idiot.  She darted into the coffee shop and I ran across the street to follow her inside.  

She was wearing black skin tight jeans and a black tank top.  Her "Straight Outta Compton"  snapback lay to the side of her raven dark,  curly hair. Her skin was a milk chocolaty brown and her eyes,  here is the kicker,  were starry night blue. I'm a sucker for beautiful eyes. She had to be an angel.

She grabbed her coffee and went to sit by the window.  Gazing out into windy sidewalk.  It had started to drizzle now and rain drops fell down her window.  She wasn't with anyone and she wasn't doing anything so this was my chance to talk to her.  

But what do I say? 

"come here often?" 

No thats stupid. 

Maybe a pick up line...? 

No you fucking moron.  

AGGHHHH. 

I'll just go for the hello I guess.
. 
. 
. 
"Hey, my name is Michael,  I saw you sitting here and I was wondering if I could join you."

She gestured towards the chair across the table from her. 

"So what's your name?" I asked,  staring into her unnervingly beautiful eyes.  I could barely pay attention.  

Her full lips twisted into a smile,  revealing pearly white teeth.  I didn't think it was possible for her to get more attractive.  

"My name is Death.  Nice to meet you Michael."

"Death? Oh,  thats a cool name I guess.  Death as in dead death? Is it spelled the same as the word I'm thinking of?"

She nods. 

"Ah OK.  Cool.  Just wondering.  Just never met someone named death before ha. So uh,  are you from around here?"

She smiled her wicked smile again.  "I'm not really from anywhere..." 

"Military kid,  huh? "

" Hahah, not exactly. I've just always been on the move,  no need for me to be in any place for too long if I'm not needed"

What did she mean "if I'm not needed".  

"ah OK.  So what is it that requires you to move."

"people."

"Your bosses and stuff?"

"Haha no not really. I'm more self employed than anything really."

"Oh that's awesome!  I bet it's cool getting to pick your own hours and getting to sleep in. That's bomb.  What do you do? "

" I reap souls. "

" Uh,  sorry what?"

"I reap souls.  I'm Death.  I told you that was my name. "

" What do you mean you reap souls...you can't actually be death right? I mean I thought that was just like a nickname or just a name you know your hipster parents gave you or something. "

" No honey,  I'm the real deal. "

" But... But...you're so...where is the scythe and the hooded cloak and the skeleton?"

"That's how I appear to most people... and those people stay away.  Haven't you noticed anything strange about this coffeshop since you and I walked in"

I looked around and realized that everyone was looking at her strange.  Those who were walking by were doing their utmost to be as far away from us as possible.  Their eyes were a mix of disgust and terror and they were all looking at her. 

I turn to look back at her and she's smiling. She looks at me and says "Hey,  this place is bumming me out, wanna get out of here?" 

This beautiful woman? Goddess?  Monster?-Let's stick with woman for now - wanted to spend more time with me. Call me shallow but I was captivated...even if she was actually death.  That would actually make it better.  How many times has anyone seen death and lived to tell the tale. 

I nod and get up to leave. 

"where are you going?"

"Uh, the door. You said you wanted to get outta here..."

She laughed while shaking her head.  "I have a better way" 

And before she even finished her sentence,  we were transported to a completely different place. 



Will continue later.  Written on phone so sorry for the mistakes. 



