I’m not really sure what I was thinking when I signed up. I’m terrified of flying. In a lapse of judgement that can only be described as early onset midlife crisis, I paid the non-refundable deposit and scratched my name across the dotted line. I suppose I probably wouldn’t have gone through with it if my fear of being in a plane crash had outweighed my ability to be a cheapskate. Nevertheless, there I was, standing in the open door of a perfectly good plane, staring down at the shrinking landscape that so desperately wanted to drag me back to it. I was thinking to myself, “if you back out now you lose your $250 security deposit.” I realize how injudicious the voice in my head sounds, but altitude can really mess with a person’s rational. Especially when the other half of the brain is arguing with the stomach on whether or not the poached egg from breakfast should be ejected to prepare for the voyage back to Earth, or remain in the current digestive process.
 
I look back in the aircraft and stare wantonly at the seat in which I began my departure from the ground. It beckons me with its torn upholstery and unidentifiable stain that resembles a map of China (someone’s brain lost the argument apparently). I almost shuffle back in, defeated, when abruptly the plane lurches left, throwing me back inside, then right, slingshotting me through the open door. The last thing I hear before the wind begins screaming in my ears, is my jump instructor shriek in agony as his leg gets twisted in the cargo netting on the roof of the plane, and the muffled thud of his head hitting the bar used for balance at the door. I guess he won’t be joining me on this leg of the journey. It occurs to me that I should have given up on the $250 and that I should not have had breakfast.
 
As I tumble towards the fast approaching ground thinking of the life I’ve led, I have an epiphany.
 
“Pull the rip cord dummy,” my left brain says. My right brain is still going at it with the stomach.
 
I remember now why I have this oversized backpack strapped tightly around my waist, legs and shoulders. I may survive this experience yet and live knowing I didn’t waste my $250 deposit. I yank the rip cord with exuberance, and for a split second I think it’s not going to open. As quickly as my heart drops, it’s yanked back into my throat when my descent slows to a crawl. I gather myself doing a quick pat down, checking for limbs that may have shifted during takeoff. Everything appears to be fine as I take an inventory of my surroundings. I’m nowhere near the planned drop zone, but I figure I can find a payphone to call for a ride. Better yet, I can find a passerby and avoid spending the 50 cents on a phone call.
 
The cool breeze brings me back to reality and I finally comprehend what lies in front of me. A goliath standing on two legs with its four arms outstretched over the terrain, suspending the long black threads in my path. This is the feeder line that delivers the city’s power from the local power plant.  I gradually realize that there is no possibility of escaping this obstacle. The soft wind gently caresses my neck as it carries me to my death.
 
A subtle vibration begins to form on one of the lines as if it's as scared of me as I am of it. That’s when I see it. At first it’s only a small bouncing dot in the distance, but as it approaches I can make out what is causing the power line to shudder. A squirrel bounding down one of the feeder lines toward my destination. I chuckle at the situation. This tiny squirrel leaps carelessly along the very thing that will soon turn my flesh bag into a Texas barbecue. Unexpectedly the squirrel diverts its course leaping headlong into the transformer that separates me from the power plant’s supply.
 
The buzz-crack of the squirrel’s body creates an insignificant puff of smoke that serves as an instantaneous and short-lived memorial to the heroism of the rodent.
 
As I bounce off of the now harmless power line and gently complete my descent to the earth, I realize all of my food in the refrigerator is going to spoil now that the power is out. What a waste of money.