No one knew who he was. I certainly did not. We had all had several cuts on our bodies over our lifespans. My cuts went deep and had riddled my face ugly and my body full of scars.
But when we saw him... we were amazed.
Just one scar, one scar that ran his lips. It was like a laughing line, like he had cut it himself... but he wouldn't have. Why would someone give themselves such a hideous deformity?
I watched him as he came to our town. His scar dug deep into his jaw, sliding all the way up to nearly his ears. Like when he spoke, he was almost a puppet flapping its mouth.
I kept my eyes fixated on him, just staring. 
He moved in next door to me and I could hear him howling with laughter in the night. It scared me, but more thrilled.
I wanted to know why he had that scar... I wanted to figure out what he had hidden.
I snuck into his house one night, waiting for him to come home. But all I heard when his footsteps came into the hall of the apartment floor, was scraping and crackling.
I pulled my gun closer to my arms. I wasn't going to kill him, but I felt the feeling that he was going to aim directly at me.
A scar that deep usually meant murder. It was a very cold world we lived in.
No essence of good... no essence of even a conscience. We didn't care who saw our scars. Some of us even would tell the story behind the terrible lies we had made in pubs and parties.
When I saw his doorknob turn, I swallowed, and aimed the gun to the door.
I could hear the sound of cackling and the man only whispered out on the other side.
"Hello John..."
I froze. The gun dropped out of my hand in horror and just as it did the door opened, the gun flipped up to my chin by its own power and shot right across my scratched up face.
I scampered back in the seat, terrified as the forever laughing scarred smile man looked at me. His black eyes glinting and I blubbered out.
"Who, are you...?"
"Who do you think I am?"
"The devil!"
He winked at me, nodding his head and I gasped. I was only cussing at him, but he seemed so sure of himself it scared me to bits.
He would've gotten a scar then if he had lied, but he hadn't.
I asked him, as I saw the gun levitate in the air and fly into his hand. He pointed it at me and smiled his giant scarred smile.
"What did you do... to get only one scar...?"
I wanted to know before I died, needed to have an answer and he just crooked his head, laughing at me as he slowly began to press his finger down on the trigger.
"I made the whole world believe I didn't exist."
Lights out a second later.
My brains sprayed against the wall.