When he woke up, his body didn't hurt and he knew something was wrong.  There were always aches he didn't expect and they had come fast and without warning every morning for more than twenty years now.  Today when his feet touched the ground he only felt the sharp cold of the hard wood against his bare toes and nothing more.

The man he saw in the mirror now looked much younger than the man that had gone to bed the night before.  Hell, the fact that he could see the man in the mirror at all without his glasses was a miracle in of itself.  This man had little sprouts of hair where there was once empty shiny skin and even spots of color where there had only been gray in the places where his hair still grew at all.  Lines seemed to have disappeared and sagging skin had lifted in areas around his lips.  He had begun to smile, and when he saw teeth that had previously been long missing he smiled even wider.

This had to be some sort of miracle, some gift of life that transcended what could be explained.  The day before, his 93rd birthday, had gone by fairly uneventful.  The few family members he had left on this world came with food and small gifts, and no friends were left to do their part in the event.  Had he wished this to be?  Had he asked or prayed for this?

While looking for an answer, he began to think of the candles.  The light had burned bright above those two numbers, just one single 9 coupled with a 3.  93 years, all melting away above a grocery store sheet cake.  The hands that had reached down to them were shaky then, and he remembered how careful his actions had to be when he pulled one number and moved it on the opposite side of the other.  39, plenty of time left then.  The small joke of an old man and now catalyst for some strange change in him.

When he was 39, his daughter had only been 7 and his son had not even been born yet.  If someone asked what he had done on his 39th birthday party, if his wife Beth had thrown him a party or if he spent it fishing down at the lake near their property, he couldn't tell you now.  It wasn't an eventful birthday like 30 had been or 40 was going to be.  It was a plain age in a plain year.  

If he was really 39 again, if time had done more than just given him some youth back, his Beth would have been in the bed beside him when he woke up.  Her nightgown would have rustled against the sheets as he hair lifted from the pillow to her shoulders.  Trudy, his daughter, would have come running down the hall in her pajamas and jumped on the bed while it creaked and cracked against the weight of them all.  Breakfast would be made, people would wander from the kitchen to cars and then to schools and jobs.  A good day, a plain day like any other back then.

Today, the bed had been empty still.  No one came running down the hall.  The house was as quiet then as it had been two days before his 93rd birthday.  The last bed he had ever looked at Beth from was in hospital downtown.  He hair did not rise to meet her shoulders and the gown she wore was not made of silk.  He thought of her weathered hands and the dark bruising around the skin where they had inserted her IV.  Then he though about Trudy, who had once walked out of the door smiling and never got to walk back through their door again.

Love and loss is the debt we owe time, and if he truly were a younger man more debt would be owed.  How long before he carried his son's casket down some dark hallway?  How long until it would be his grandson or granddaughter he would be left to grieve over?  Some people would beg for this gift, but there was such a great cost.  A cost greater than he wanted to pay.

Down in the kitchen, his hands dug through the trash can until he felt the waxy curves of two candles.  He took a slice of cake from the refrigerator and a matchbox from the pantry.  His hands, steady now, placed a 3 and 9 on the icing.  The match struck aflame and the light grew strong over the numbers.  He didn't know if he had wished or prayed for this the night before, but he was doing both now.  He moved the candle numbered 9 in front of the 3 and blew the flames out.  Small plumes of smoke rose from them and then disappeared into the air.  He would go to sleep soon, and he hoped that when he woke that the man that had gone to sleep the night before would be the one to wake up.  93 year had been enough.  It had been enough.