The shadows were dancing across the walls, pirouetting excitedly around the objects that bore their likeness.

Intik was lost in a world of his own, somewhere between the sway of the shadows and the flamboyance of the full moon as it peered curiously through the window. The sound of muffled coughing brought him back into the room from his reverie, as the shadows shuffled in excitement at the distraction.

Covering his right hand with a cloth, Intik took the kettle off the fire and poured a generous helping of tea into an expectant mug. The crushed herbs at the bottom of the mug rose to greet the new arrival, swirling around playfully in delight. Carefully placing the kettle back on the fire, Intik carried the mug and saucer over to the bed where the source of the cough lay, cloth in hand to stifle any noise he may make.

Cautiously, Intik placed the saucer in Gat's right hand, supporting his head with his left hand while gently raising the cup to his lips. Gat took a few sips, pausing to recover from the bitter mixture, before taking a few more for effect.

Placing the mug on the saucer (and the saucer on the bedside table) Intik moved over to his chair beside the bed and sat down. His shadow followed suit, disappearing behind him as he planted himself. He looked Gat up and down, trying to decide if he was well enough to take questions. Satisfied that he was, he began the process of trying to understand what had happened.

"Can you remember what you said, or what it sounded like...at all?" he asked, expectantly.

Gat glanced over at Intik. Bringing his hands out from under the sheets, he began to answer the question.

*I was coughing when I felt the Birth take effect. I can't remember what I sounded like, I was too preoccupied with the feeling of the Birth. It still feels strange...even though I have felt it 3...no, 4 times now.*

As he answered, Gat had to pause every few words to try and stifle a cough.

Intik was not disappointed by this answer, for he had expected this. At first, Intik found it difficult to keep pace with Gat when he spoke with his fingers, but now he was getting better. He understood the importance of this to Gat; he couldn't risk accidentally creating something that could cause disaster. The only way to avoid the risk was to avoid speaking.

"I checked on the others earlier. They're looking too, but hadn't found anything when I heard them last. Koram is coming here shortly to look after you while I take over the search" responded Intik, shuffling in his seat.

Gat started fidgeting, as if he was about to say something but wasn't sure if he should. Intik preempted Gat's statement, and began to answer it.

"Stop apologizing all the time. You didn't ask for this, and it's our pleasure to help you. Now, relax and finish your tea" said Intik, reaching across the sideboard to hand Gat the mug and saucer. As he placed them in Gat's hands, he noticed how his shadow appeared to take Gat's hand in its own, as if to comfort him.

It wasn't until he sat back down that he noticed Gat was no longer the only other person in the room with him.

"Did you find anything, Koram?" he asked, smiling. Koram always had a way of appearing, unannounced. He was a law unto himself, but his results were undeniable.

"I let myself in, hope you don't mind...Gat, Intik" he said, tipping his head to each, then, moving to the window and tipping his head once more, he said "Liriharan. Looking lovely tonight." He moved away from the window and looked at Intik, then at Gat. "To answer your question, no, I didn't find anything. Are you sure you felt a Birth and not just...you now...a cough?"

Intik chose to ignore that last comment. Koram was arrogant, which infuriated him at times. He hated vanity, arrogance, greed...anything that could prejudice your vision of  the truth.

It was time for Intik to begin his search. He noticed Gat looking concerned. This was the first time anything he had Birthed had chosen to run away. He feared this meant the Birthed was frightened, which meant they may do something to hurt someone, even in self-defense. We had to find it before that happened.

"Gat, stop worrying" Intik began. "We will find the Birthed. After all, I am Intik, the Shadow of the World. If it casts a shadow, I will know. If it doesn't, I'll know what to look for. And I am not alone. Liliharan the Moonsiren is helping us look, and so is Koram the Pheobian. We will find the Birthed before it harms itself, or anyone else." he promised.

He noticed Gat's fist unclench at his speech. Even Koram seemed moved. Liliharan, still peering through the window, seemed to be brighter than a moment ago.

He didn't tell them that he knew where to start looking. *If it casts a shadow, I'll know.*

Smiling, he headed to where he thought his Sibling was, hoping it wasn't too late.

---

If you enjoyed this story and would like to see more from me, please consider subscribing to my subreddit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/phreaklikeme/)!