For the longest time, I viewed the world through lens of the undesired conditions. Only experiencing the part of that human condition that everyone wanted less of. I was not..am not human that way or at least not wholly human. Since I've started this endeavor, I've come to the conclusion that those undesirables aren't all that unpleasant. The shear amount cleaves like a dull blade, leaving messy vaguely recognizable pieces behind but the numbness that accompanies rend is strangely comfortable. I've long since gone eclipsed the end date of my experiment to understand the full human condition, but I cannot bring myself to disconnect from the 'donation box.' I've found myself consuming media that have been suggested to cause the undesired parts of the of humanity. Maybe I am drawn to them because these feeling are now my own, or maybe because it is the simplest way for my mind to deal with the daily shifts in tide. Regardless of the shift companions did not seem to be able to pick up these daily changes. If they did then they politely refused to comment on them, not that I blame them.... 


Anyway the hour grows near and ,for brevity, I will return to the subject at hand: happiness. It is such and odd feeling, standing in the check out line when a sudden warmth spreads through you. The warmth slowly, gently washed away the numbness of my usual existence. Slowly the colors appeared to brighten up, and my face began tingling. I didn't have access to a mirror but I did manage to capture a picture of my first genuine smile There was a buzzing in my hears during the commute home yet that feeling, like all others, was fleeting. As it left, the usually tide of the unwanted rolled back in. Instead of feeling trapped in a fog, I found it hard to breath. The room spun, or I spun, as my heart began beating rapidly. Suddenly, my dinner was on the both the carpet and my pants. My vision blurred, and I laid still as my chest heaved. I laid there for a time frivolously trying to steady my breath and get up from the soaked carpet. That was the first of many similar days. While I laid there, my only smile sat their on my mantle, haunting me. After my exposure to the desirable condition, the days blurred by as I barely held myself together. The only reprieve I from the apprehension, the anxiety, the pain of loss is sleep. That is when I can manage. These feelings no longer cleave me together as the afterbirth of the unwanted parts of the soul but instead slowly grind me into the to vomit soaked carpet. It is a difficult and exhausting path, and I am tired. I intend to rest now. 

Goodbye. 