Honestly, my life went to waste.

I had nothing left to live for, no family, no friends, no lover. Absolutely nothing. I kept living my sad miserable life however, in hopes that something, anything, would happen to make my life better. Maybe I would find my soulmate and raise a family with him or her. Maybe I would be told that my mother and father didn't actually die in a car crash, and I could apologise for my lack of appreciation. Or maybe I would find a job I loved and would live for it.

None of it ever happened.
I was useful for one thing however. I gave my life for another.

After clocking-out at an office job that I hated with people I hated, I got on my father's cherished motorcycle that he constantly worked on as a kid, and decided to ride a different route home for once, to change up my mundane life even a little. I wasn't very far when I smelled something strange in the air. The best way to put it was it smelled warm, and I know warm is not a scent but that's the best way to explain it. I continued on until I came upon it, a totaled flaming SUV. I stopped my motorcycle only to check out the wreckage, but after my motorcycle went silent I could hear horrific screams.

I raced over a noticed a large group of people attempting to help. Two men were caring for one of the victims from the van, and about 5 other people men and women were attempting to save the trapped person.
No one dared to get too close however in fear of losing their own life. I took of my helmet and asked a guy around my age, 25, to hold it and watch my bike. I didn't care for my own life, so I was the perfect candidate to save whoever was trapped inside. I set to work by entering the van through the trunk, and crawling towards the front, I stayed low because the smoke was unbearable up high. I ended up at the front of the van and looked to the passenger side where a girl 20 at most was struggle to free herself from her seatbelt. I have felt pure fear and terror before, I experienced in the car crash that killed my parents, and I could tell that this girl was feeling it now too.

I really had no plan for when I got up that far as I had no idea what was preventing her from escaping.  Through her tears she told me that here was a knife under the right back seat in a box with a small green tree on it and she begged me to cut her out. I backed up into the back seat and fumbled until I found the box with a dull pocket knife inside. I set to work by putting the knife straight through the center of the seatbelt and cutting one side out. Right as I was about to finish the first little slice the flames started to pour out of the driver's side of the car. I didn't know from where but I didn't have time to investigate. I kept cutting until she was free from her seatbelt and then slid back the van seat so she would have an easier time avoiding the flames.

The girl bawling, raced for the trunk of the car. At this point I think we were both light headed because she started stumbling, and I was having issues seeing straight, it was okay  however because we both reached the trunk and got out. The group of people had grown while I was in the car and they cheered when we got it. I felt like a million bucks, and like I was underwater at the same time. I excused myself for the people calling me a hero and went to my bike to find my inhaler which I clearly needed. And right before I got there I fucking had an asthma attack, and apparently died at the scene.

A boring way to go for a boring guy. 
The white light came at me like a train, and Bam it stopped right before it filled all of my vision. Then the voice came, it said something in German, then in Japanese, and it followed those with a few other unknown languages, finally in English I heard "You are the Earth's 100 billionth death, and as a result you get one wish". I tried to acknowledge it but I couldn't seem to form words in the state I was in. The voice then said in English again "Put all of your heart into your thoughts and think of your wish."

I didn't think something would lie about a wish while I was dying and I didn't think long about my wish that I was promised. I had a few wishes my whole life, one was for my parent's to be living again and the other was to not have been born.

I decided on the second one.

The voice made me confirm that, that was what I truly wanted and I did. With a thanos-like snap I felt myself fading, it was pretty exciting too because I felt like spiderman, except spiderman would be coming back.

My consciousness began to drift and I felt myself leaving my body, which felt like that feeling you get in your stomach when a rollercoaster goes down really quick and then darkness. It was all gone. 

Everything in my life was gone. 

I was truely happy for once.
