"Come on...just let go already" she said in a tone I'd heard a million times before. A subtle hint of annoyance mixed with some concern. I'd heard from many people before, this time it came from my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great Granddaughter. Honestly her mother was much more respectful, felt my age was diginified, no idea how her daughter ended as so much as a brat, maybe I spoiled her.

Though I tried to spoil all my descendants, make sure they think of me fondly in case I ever need a place to rest my head. Generations of wandering of shone me it's always good to have people you can rely on. However, lately it feels like people I can rely on have been shrinking.

I'm an immortal you see, though it's nothing special. Everyone is immortal now, except most choose to die, except me. I'm first Generation, one of the pioneers, back when the church goers were throwing stones at us as blasphemers of God's plan. Though even they have integrated it by now, calling it a gift from god.

I'm possibly the longest living person in existence, and to be honest until a couple centuries ago, I was well respected. I mean when you're longed live you accumulate a lot of knowledge, heads of state and industry would come to me with questions, trying to make sure they didn't repeat the mistakes of the past.

However a couple centuries ago it all just changed, you see, when you live as long as I have you start to see the patterns. It let's you make good decision, however when you're consistently making good decisions it attracts attention. 

If I'd make an investment than suddenly everyone's making the same investment, if I was in a country about to go to war, and I move to the safer side, people would know who was going to win, and I think that's when it started bothering people.

They said I made life boring, if someone already knew how things were going to go, than what was the point of it all. So suddenly, instead of being an old wise man, I was a big spoiler for the whole of human existence, so they've been trying to convince me to die.

 They took away my assets, some countries restrict my rights, but I just avoid them now. I do miss my homeland despite how fractured it became. I would have warned them, but I didn't have the right to speech their. So I took to wandering the other countries, relying on old family and friends.

Which is how I ended up here, I expected to meet with family, instead I met with a mob. They grabbed me up and put me in the 'care' of my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great Granddaughter, I think they've promised her my assets as inheritance.

So she tries to convince me the same way my first wife tried, and my children and their children and their children tried, as every friend and lover has tried to do as I met with them on their death beads, but she will fail just as they did. 

It is not because I believe there is nothing there, or that I do not wish to be with them on the other side. It's because since I was a young man, back when I was still mortal, I had dreamed to see it all, the whole of history from my first memory to the final light blinking out.

So my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great Granddaughter will fail today, but one day I will still meet with her fondly on her death bed as my kin. I will meet this whole world, this whole solar system, this galaxy and universe there and when I've finally said good bye to them all. I will let go and see them all again.