I didn't know what i was getting myself into. I'm just barely getting my feet in this college town and i did something stupid like asking a girl out. Not just any girl either, my lab partner for the year. Not just any lab partner, but a local politicians daughter. A politican tied up in racketeering charges. Great. He could be organised crime. Ugh. Good start.

Really stuck my foot in it this time.

I didn't know at first. Only after i got her socials did i check her background. Nice family, lots of ties to the community, including businesses and community events. Big family and people seem to love them. I could really hurt my chances joining community events if i screw this up.

It might not be so bad though, i could bail or fake being sick. If i do that, she might want to stop by and make sure i'm okay, which would be bad, cause i'm not. Damnit. Better go through with it. 

Dinner with Isablle could be great though. She's smart and funny and carries herself with pride. I like that. She's not afraid. I am though. Small town boy, first time alone in a big city and guess what i do? I ask the most attractive girl out after my first class with her. If i mess this up i will be a laughing stock!

Dad always said just keep low and get the job done. Maybe that might work here...

"That'll be $25 thanks" the taxi driver says.

Fuck! I'm here!

I hand over the cash and make to get out.

"You must have done something stupid to be allowed in here." he comments just as the door closes.

"Just a date. Shouldn't be too bad right?" I answer, but he's gone and i'm left standing at the front steps of this nice restaurant with two doorman and a waiter out front enticing people in.

I am so underdressed for this, everyone looks like they're going to the red carpet and i'm just standing here, my good jeans, i nice shirt (mum says so anyway) and a single rose. 

The waiter spots me, gives me that quick once to assess whether i'm good enough for the restaurant and steps forward.

Huh, guess they'll let anyone in!

"Sorry, sir, but the Denny's is down the road." 

Guess not.

"I... I'm here on a date. Isabella Capri? Is she in already?" I stammer out.

The blood drains from his face and the two doorman straighten up behind him.

"Ss... sorry, sir! I didn't realise you were her date tonight!" He says taking a step back.

Weird.

"It's alright, is she in already?" I ask. I'm not liking the stares of the two doorman. 

"Yes, of course, right this way." The waiter says.

I follow behind the waiter, get patted down and have the wave metal detectors run over me before getting ushered inside frantically. 

Inside is nice. Its warm, has that nice mood lighting you expect of a fancy restaurant and there are dozens of guests enjoying meals and dozens of staff catering to them. People glance up from their meals but pay me a secons glance as i'm escorted through to a booth on a raised area the looks directly at the stage.

Isabella is sitting in the booth, and she looks amazing! Nice red dress and hair done up nicely, showing that she cares how she looks but it looks effortless for her. She smiles when she sees me.

"Ethan! Was the ride up was okay?" She asks as we embrace. She smells nice, lavender i think afterwards, at the time i just concentrated on not tripping on the last step.

"I caught a taxi," I say, as we take our seats in the booth. "Much easier to get home after a couple of drinks."

"We can't have that! I'll give you a lift home once we finish."

"I dont want to be a pain, i live pretty far away."

"No problem at all, i'll tell my driver and he'll make sure you get home safe."

"You have a driver?" I blurt out amazed.

She laughs at my comment, or me, i'm not sure, but i like the laugh though.

"Yeah, it's really handy. You're really not from around here are you?"

I shake my head. "I come from a small town about two hours away. First one in my family to go college, my parents are really proud."

"That's good and you should be too! My dad wanted me to go to college and get away from the family business."

"He didn't want you to help the family business?"

"Well, he's a politician. The family business is more my uncles side. He's away for a while."

"Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, he just had some trouble and is dealing with it his own way." She answers vaguely.

Its drugs. Definitely drugs. Can't ask about that though!

I go to steer the conversation somewhere else but i'm interrupted by her phone ringing.

"Sorry," she says "Yes? Make it quick please. No. Take care of him." She hung up and smiled at me and offers an apology.

"Everything okay?"

"Yes, hopefully it wont happen too much tonight. I put the word out that i'm busy." 

I shrug and we move on and order our drinks and food. She took charge, ordering for us both and asking the waiter if we could jump the queue. He agrees readily and i'm a little put out but can't do much about it.

Once the ordering is done, we start talking. The conversation is great. We talk about our dreams, favorite movies and tv shows. When we spoke about family, i got the sense she didn't like talking about hers so we spoke about mine, which was great. Love my parents! We laugh a lot, but i couldn't help feel that there was something off. Not with her, She's great. The atmosphere seemed tense around us when i went to the toilet (ushered by the waiter no less) and whenever someone went to go up to talk to her. She just glare at them and they'd back off. Weird.

When she went to the toilet i got my phone out and pulled up chrome. It still had the article up about her father and, with nothing else better to do, i checked out some of the related articles.

- local mob boss arrested, who now runs the family business?

- local family still in charge, who is at the top?

Who could step up and take charge like that?

"Ethan?"

I look up and see Isabella standing there, a bit frazzled.

"What's wrong, Izzy?" 

She grins. "I have to step out for a bit and deal with a client of ths family, will you be alright here for a few minutes?"

"Of course. Family first right?"

"Yeah, and, i like that, Izzy i mean."

"I can call you that?"

"Yeah, but only you."

She leaves and once again i'm left alone. Its not long before i'm bored soon. I decide to quickly go to the toilet again before she gets back so i can spend the rest of the night with her. Its been great, despite my reservations and what i've read about.

I leave the booth and head for the men's toilet again. The waiter sees me and moves to intercept but i press through the door before he gets there and walk into a mess.

A man is tied to a chair, one of the doorman on either side of him and Izzy - Isabella holding a hammer.

She looks at me, down at the hammer and back to me.

"I can explain." She says.

She took charge alright.