I was entirely surprised by the response I received, and being the person I am, I was instantly suspicious. From the entirety of my existence, I had never been accepted with open and welcoming arms and friendship with the devil was the last thing I expected. 

I walked past Lucifer in the direction indicated with critical eyes as I began to take everything in. I recalled early adolescence when I had joked with friends about saving them a seat at the bar in hell or having a drink ready for them. Admittedly, the older I grew, the more I began to expect my afterlife to be ten fold of what I dished out to others. I was prepared for pain, both physical and psychological. And here I was, being given a guided tour of down under by the top dog himself. 

I looked over at him from my peripheral. He was talking and gesturing towards large groups of people strapped to body boards with their eyes held open by some kind of wire cap. 

"They're forced to watch the acts they committed against others from the victim's perspective for 17 hours a day. The remainder of the day they're forced to rip each other apart with their bare hands. I think it's time to reinvent their sentence, but I can't think of any torture horrendous enough for people who commit crimes against children." 

I turned my head to look at them and watched as some squirmed on their boards. "Making them relive their crimes personally would be more effective. Notice that many of them aren't reacting to this treatment at all. They have no empathy and feel no guilt for what they've done at this point. Recreate the lives of their victim's and put them in their shoes. A personal hell for each of them rather than a community punishment." I turned away with disinterest and looked at Lucifer. 

His eyes lit up with thought and he studied the group of offenders. "An interesting thought. Perhaps your presence here will prove most beneficial as well. You might just offer some perspective on how to improve things around here." And with that he began to walk on. 

Edit: a space or two was added. 
(I apologise for formatting, I'm on mobile)
