I stared in horror at my supposed instrument of power, "A musket?  A MUSKET?!  Really?  The weakest of them can create solar systems, and I have a frickin' musket!?"

Nobody paused and stared at me "Look, I can't give you any powers.  These other gods are in charge of all sorts of things and have places that serve as the focus of their power.  I'm in charge of nothing.  My seat of power is Nowhere.  I am Nobody.  Either way, just trust me, do as I say, and you'll win.  The other gods will stampede to give you your new powers.  Just trust me on this."

"...but...but it's a MUSKET...what am I supposed to do with it?"

"Do you think I'd waste my vote?  They say I am the weakest, and yet in spite of that, there is nothing I have *ever* wanted that I did not get.  I was here before any of them, and at the very least, my mantle will exist after theirs are gone.

Either way, all you must do is walk out there with confidence and remove your weapon from its case when your turn comes...if it looks like you won't win, hold it like you intend to fire it...finger on the trigger."

"...and why did the last guy step down?  Is this a crappy job?  Was he weak?"

"Nobody knows why he stepped down...or ceased to be, really.  He seemed to like using his power on us...especially we weaker gods, the git.  Anyway, it's time for you to go...just trust me!"

I gritted my teeth, picked up the gun case, and walked through the door for judging.

It was just a black space with the gods sort of floating above us, and there were twenty-odd candidates waiting to be considered.  They were all sort of staring at each other and wondering who would walk away with with the gift of godhood.

"Candidates for godhood!  When you are called, you will announce your sponsor, describe the powers you sponsor gave you, and advise how you will use those powers.  Once we have heard all candidates, we will discuss among ourselves and cast our votes."

Wait...I didn't know that other stuff!  Nobody just told me to walk up and open the gun case!  I could hear my heart thudding in my chest.

He looked at me and said, "You go first!"

I gulped and said, "I...I'm sponsored by Nobody.  He said you would all give me my powers, since he couldn't spare any himself...and I don't know what sphere of influence is up for the taking, so I don't know what I'd do..."

The gods began to laugh.  It was completely without decorum...they cackled, guffawed, hooted, pointed, and snorted.  The shame was nigh on tangible...I'd never win this thing...even the creators of the universe think I'm pathetic.  Figuring I'd end this as quickly as possible, I opened the gun case and shouldered the musket.

The lNobodyer stopped immediately...it was like a light switch.  Other than turning to stare at Nobody, they were absolutely still.

Nobody smirked.

I wasn't sure what to do, so I put my finger on the trigger.

A voice whose volume dwarfed that a monster truck rally announcer boomed, "I BREAK PROTOCOL AND MOVE THAT THIS CANDIDATE BE CHOSEN BY ACCLIMATION!  NO OTHER CANDIDATES NEED TO BE CONSIDERED!"

The gibbering voices of all the other gods rose in agreement...I just stared in shock.

I walked around exploring the divine realm.  The World Tree was my favorite...after a while, I heard a twig snap behind me.  When I turned around, and there stood my sponsor.

"HEY!"

*grin*  "Good day, m'lord."

"Look, call me Bartleby...for now, at least.  So, uh...how did this happen?  How did I become the leader of this pantheon?  I have no experience...and...well, I went in with no powers at all!  Now, even though I had no powers and was nominated by the weakest of you...err...us...I'm now the most powerful of us all?!  HOW?!"

"Well, I gave you all you needed!"

"The musket?"

"The **Focus**!  Look, you're new at this.  That just *looked* like a musket, but the musket is just a container.

How should I put this?

Your birth country has a story from its revolution about the 'shot heard round the world'?  Well, if The Focus is ever activated, it will trigger 'the shot heard round the omniverse'...Ragnarok...all the gods in all the universes will go to war with each other, and all of us will die.  Once your finger touched that trigger, the choice was made.  You scared the *shit* out of them.  None of us want that!"

"Well, why didn't they just take it?"

"I wouldn't let them, and it was one of the rare times where my power was in full force!"

"But you're in charge of nothing!"

"Yes...I am in charge of Nothing, and my center of power is Nowhere.

Where can someone become a god?  Nowhere.
What do gods come from?  Nothing.

Where is my center of power?  Nowhere.
What am I in charge of?  Nothing.

My power is not absolute, of course, but I could stop their interference, and they knew it.  Once they realized that, the choice was made.

You're still learning the ropes, but I wanted to cement something in your mind to prevent future misunderstandings.

Your predecessor was the most powerful of us, and as powerful as he was, he vanished and could not be found.  We looked and looked, and even though...

...*Nothing* could stop him...

...he was *Nowhere* to be found...

...and *Nobody* knows what happened.

...and he seems to have vanished into *Nothing*.

Anyway, if you ever decide to abuse your power or push people around, you might want to ask yourself how weak I really am.

He grinned and tipped his hat to me.

"Have a good eternity, Bart!"

...and he vanished into...nothing.

Edit: Line spacing