I used to be the smartest, if not one of the smartest. Rejected by my kind for my intellect, I had sought to escape the shallowness of society. A society that judged you by the way you looked rather than the way you thought. Simpletons, driven purely by primal desires. A vestige that we should have been long discarded.

A thousand years, I thought to myself. A thousand years was what I needed to be among my kind. A place where I truly belonged. A society of minds, not looks. 

So I retreated from my fellow brethren, hidden myself in a bunker, and built myself a cryogenics pod. A thousand years of sleep, where I will finally walk among my kind. People who would truly see me for who I am, an intellectual. Not an ugly nerd.

Perhaps a thousand years may have been too much.

"Oh my dear sister, look at his legs. Those muscles and tone!" the woman opposite me shrieked.  It was the first time any woman enthused over my appearance, but I did not enjoy it one bit. 

I pushed her hover chair gently away. "I'm sorry, but I am here to give a talk," I said, trying to ignore the swooning 'Ooohs' and 'Ahhs' around me. This was supposed to be a scientific conference, not a Hollywood red carpet.

"Hollywood doesn't exist anymore, Mr Parker," I hear another lady's voice. She had maneuvered across the obstacle and into my path. Her giant figure, mostly head and little of others, towered over me and her hover chair was struggling to hold her in place. In fact, many of the people seemed too big for their hover chairs. I was the only human still walking on my two feet.

I must have seemed confused, because she quickly added. "Oh, if you're wondering, most of us are able to read your thoughts based on your expression."

"No, I was not thinking about that," I lied, as I pushed her hover chair out of the way too. At least the chairs were not heavy. Or it could be that I was the only man to be still using my hands. I never felt stronger before, but at the same time, never felt so different.

The crowd gave one last scream as I walked past the barrier and into the hall. Despite it being called a scientific conference, I had the nagging feeling that it was just a show. One where I was to be ogled at.

A thousand years. I must have miscalculated.

--------------------

*More tales at /r/dori_tales so do subscribe!*