A slow, persistent tap echoed through the stone walls of the empty chapel, as precise as a metronome. A wooden Jesus looked down to the both of us, judging. Whether he judged me more or Dragan, I couldn't tell. 

"Please have understanding," I whispered. "They say love your neighbor, and I did just that. And if that's a sin now, you kinda died for it. I just--"    

"I hope the irony isn't lost on you," Dragan cut me short, his voice filling the room. "That you're begging for forgiveness now out of all times."

"--it's being a good friend, you know?" I ended it and straightened up. My knees throbbed dully from the hard wood. "It's rude to talk in the middle of a prayer, dude," I told Dragan.

Turning back around, Dragan stood with his arms crossed, one blond eyebrow arched. "Oh yeah? Then what is praying before entering hell?"

"Being a good Christian?" I ventured.

"Yep. I'm sure you could write a book about that, Mister Demon Summoner." He made a gesture with his hand and turned around. "Let's go."

"Go where?"  

But Dragan was already walking ahead, his steps louder and faster than before, into the clear summer night and back to the city. I struggled to keep pace with him. Cold Springs was quiet at night, the streets empty and most of the curtains on the windows drawn. The place that I normally called my home looked no different than a pretty picture on an Instagram feed. Nothing looked familiar.   

"If we wanted to enter hell there are different ways to do it," I called out to Dragan. "You out of all people would know."

"Sure," he called back, not stopping. "But I need the V.I.P entry."

I stopped in my tracks, raising an eyebrow. "The *what*?"

Dragan walked five more steps and turned around. "Dude! Will you keep walking!" he shouted. 

"No! You're gonna tell me what this is all for!" 

Dragan made a face of the *are you serious?* kind. Or at least I imagined him doing that. He was too far away for me to actually say. 

"Yeah!" I stopped next to a lamp post and leaned against it. "Why now? Where are we going? What do you even wanna *do* on hell? You think I'm gonna walk with you not *knowing* what I'm gonna do?"

"Why wouldn't you? You went with me to every party without knowing where it was!"

"That was for the *girls*! This is different!"

"Because *now* you're a good Christian."

"Because now I'm a good Christian."

A moment of silence. Then Dragan went up to me, and as he did, his appearance changed from the tall, handsome, blond man to an even taller, redskinned, horned being. "You're right," he said, his voice deeper. "I *could* just use you to go down, Adrian Carpenter. Penetrate your body to get your soul and--"

I rolled my eyes. "So the V.I.P entry was just a sexual innuendo. And you changed to demon for that. That was a weak one, man. One out of ten."

"How- what- *No.*" Dragan made an exasperated sigh and changed back to his human appearance. "I know you. There's a reason why I'm not telling you anything."

I raised an eyebrow. Dragan had been acting weird - weirder than normal for a demon, that is - the past few days with cryptic messages and little talking. Looking out the window and listening to Linkin Park as if he had just discovered an emo phase as a demon in his late twenties. I had chalked it up on his breakup with Ezra the other day, because even demons needed their time to sort out conflicted feelings sometimes. But I didn't expect the *we can't tell each other everything* sort of thing.

"And aren't we ride or die, hell and high water anyway," he said. "I went to so many of your blind dates as a wing-man and we didn't know who the girl was."

"That wasn't hell."

"Earth is hell."

"Dude." I pushed away from the lamp post and met his gaze. "Tell me what's going on. Or we're going back to the flat and sleep this one over."

Dragan looked away and sighed. "Okay. So you summoned me back then, right? When you were a little dumb boy. And now you're a big dumb boy--"

"Excuse you. I'm a big dumb *man*, and your best friend."

"Yeah. Right. So you summoned me. And really you could've gotten any demon, but it was me. Because I was interested in the world above. Just kinda checking out what God had planned there. What people are up to before they burn to crisps where we're at."

"You told me that before."

"Only I didn't say everything." He gulped, looking out as if a drawn curtain had hidden cue cards for what to say next. "So... I just happen to be a big shot."

"Imagined or real?"

"Real. My dad is the demon king. And I'm his son, one of them, at least. He's got, like, twenty, and I'm the thirteenth, so I could sneak out and he didn't mind. You with me so far?" I nodded. "And the other day, the day I broke up with Ezra, he decided that was it. He's not gonna keep tabs on people anymore. And now the spot is free, and--"

"And you want to be the demon king in his stead," I finished.

Dragan nodded. "That's the plan. You'd need to do the same circle back then as you did now, and I was thinking it would look great if we did it in the city plaza, since that's right above the throne and I could make an entrance." He closed his eyes and frowned. "I've seen those movies with you. This shit is so cliché. I know, okay. I just-- it's my life."

I leaned back against the lamp post, watching the flies swir above the light over and over again until they hung on the glass dead. "At least you're self-aware enough to say that the story's clichéd," I began. "Really. I prayed to Jesus because I thought of worse. I was like, *okay, Dragan had a good run with me, and now I'm going to fucking die.*"

"Are you not--"

I shook my head. "And *you* thought that I wouldn't believe you and said nothing." I glanced up to him. "I'm taking one point away from that. Seven out of ten--"

Dragan's jaw went slack. "You think I'm just telling you a *story*?" he said. Then, with the demonic voice: "Adrian Carpenter--"

"I'll add three points to that rating if you take me with you." I pointed at his surprised face. "I mean. Seriously. I'm your best friend and a good Christian. *And* I did a self-defense course before. These demons come at you, I punch their balls and praise Jesus."

Dragan looked at me as if he had suddenly forgotten how to speak English. Then he broke into a wide smile, his eyes shining. "Fuck you," he said. "Of course I'm doing this with you."

I held out a fist. "Ride or die."

He bumped in it. "Through hell and high water."  