"Greetings, fellow toys. I am Buzz Lightyear, and I come in peace."

"Purge the heretic. Cleanse the foul taint of chaos from this Hive World."

Buzz paused for a moment as a few dozen guns leveled at him. The Inquisitor's grim countenance did not break into a smile, merely curled with further contempt. The Cadians, Mordians and even Valhallans all waited to eviscerate the xenotide.

"But I'm a toy. We are all toys," Buzz protested.

"You mean puppets of chaos. We are not toys, but men, chosen of the Emperor. You, behemoth, reek of the taint of the Warp."

"The Warp?"

"The passage that lies beyond. Once the warp was safe, but we have seen the corrupt savages that return hence. Behold the filth that must be purged."

The Inquisitor pointed over to a shelf, somewhere out of the way. Buzz turned his head, eyes widening at the horrors that existed. Melted plastics, badly combined sprues of limbs, and models slathered with glue, details obliterated in oozing resin. A few even had the worst crime of all: multiple thick layers of black undercoat, with crude red, yellow and orange flames blotted on to their armour by someone who didn't know how to wash a brush.

"Once, this was a pure land," the Inquisitor continued. "We, the originals, handed down from the father, the Emperor. Only now the taint of chaos infests. The spawn of Horus, the infernalist Jimmy, feeds the vile Tyranids with his monstrous presence."

"But...they're just toys, like you! They're just badly painted! Jimmy's done this, not them! Not me!"

"SILENCE!" The Inquisitor howled. "Lest you end up like the remnants of the Hive World 'Warhammer', whose paltry forces of primitive Eldar were sacrificed by Jimmy to the vile chaos God 'Eebaay' when the lies of the 'Age of Sigmar' commenced."

Behind the Inquisitor, Buzz saw tanks rumbling forward. He held his hand up, muttering about coming in peace. But they didn't seem to buy it. They didn't seem to understand. It was almost as bad as his own delusions. Or the delusions of the Other Buzz in that Supermarket. Or the delusions he'd had in the nursery, as his button had been reset. The Inquisitor seemed to believe everything he said.

"Prepare the dip," the Inquisitor commanded. At once, a skull-faced assassin appeared, popping open a pot of something called 'Badab Black'. Buzz didn't like the sound of...

The door swung open and Jimmy walked in. At once, Buzz collapsed. The soldiers, still in their combat-ready poses, froze, guns still trained on him. If he weren't plastic, he would have felt a bead of sweat drip.

"Buzz Lightyear. Laaaaaame," Jimmy said, gripping Buzz and positioning him, fists rigid. "You're what, 20 years old? Still, I got a use for you."

Buzz felt himself cast down onto the bed, Jimmy collapsing down and firing up his console, blasting opponents into oblivion with insults about their mother, munching cheese-based snacks and slurping colas. To Buzz it felt like a lifetime - a torment of waiting to see what would happen. Then Jimmy grasped him again, taking him over to the paint station.

"So, what am I going to do with you?" he asked, pulling out a screwdriver and pair of pliers. "Hmm... GOT IT! I'm going to convert you into an Ork Mecka. Take your head off, add some lascannons and meltas, give you a paint job... yeah. The Ork Boyz are going to love it. You're going to be the centrepiece of my new converted army."

Buzz felt the screw in his back loosening, and gazed up into those callous teen eyes. He was beginning to wonder if the fate the Inquisitor offered him wouldn't have been preferable after all... 

Edit: Fixed the spelling of Orc to Ork.