"So let me guess. You believed yourself to be the grim reaper?" The officer looked up from his paper and stared at the man sitting opposite. The man nods, looking quite relaxed in the circumstance. The officer sighs leaning back in his chair. He puts the file on the table and looks the man straight in the eyes. 

"What made you think this was a good idea? To slaughter all those people. Did you not think about the consequences for your actions?"

"I was not slaughtering them officer. I was merely collecting their souls." The man said, so matter of factly, as if he were saying something normal. 

The officer shakes his head, the words sinking in. "Mr... er...." He checks the file on the table, "Williams. You do realise that this is not normal?"

Mr Williams replies, "That's what they make you think. They control your minds you see. We grim reapers must collect the souls. Otherwise humans would not be able to move on to the afterlife." 

"The afterlife?"

"Yes sir, the afterlife. A place where they can live out their dreams in peace and happiness. We make that happen." Mr Williams then looks directly at the officer. "To be quite frank, I am not sure why you brought me here. I am not causing harm to anyone. I am the grim reaper. I just help them to move on."

The officer looks at Mr Williams sceptically, picking up the file once again. "It says here Mr Williams, that you have committed acts of manslaughter upon another human. Not just once, but various times. How is that, in any way, a pacifist act?"

"I have already told you officer. I am helping them to move on. In fact, I didn't even have a choice in this. Once you are chosen to be a grim reaper, that is it."

"Then who told you to be a 'grim reaper?'"

"The last grim reaper. He came mysteriously to me one morning with his hood and scythe and convinced me of my task. This is my duty." Mr Williams looks into the distance, as if recalling a pleasant memory. 

"Mr Williams, you are not a grim reaper." The officer claims, "And this is certainly not your duty. Do you have your scythe on you?" 

Mr Williams, "Of course sir. A grim reaper must always have his scythe." Mr Williams gets out his scythe and shows it. "But be warned. Humans must never touch it, or they will pass on instantly."

The officer instantly takes the scythe. Mr Williams gasps in horror. The officer analysing the scythe, turning it over in his hands. 
"Tests will have to be done to confirm this, but this appears to be a gardening weeder. Who really gave you this?"

Mr Williams looks at him in offence. "I will have you know right now officer, that that is not a gardening weeder. That scythe has been passed on for generations. You are lucky to be still standing."

"Sitting Mr Williams. In all my years I have never seen such an odd case. You will have to be sent to court for proper judgement, but from this evidence, I would say you will need at least 5 years prison time."

"No matter how many years I spend there, I will never forget my destiny." Mr Williams confesses. 

The officer starts moving the files on his desk into a pile. "The only thing I still need to know is who gave you that scythe in the first place."

At that moment, the door opens and a hooded man walks in. Mr Williams looks startled when he sees the man. "I-It's you!!"

Another officer stands behind the hooded figure. He nods at the questioning officer. 

"Officer Cooper. This man wishes to speak with you. It's urgent."

"Can it wait Jackson? I'm nearly finished this interview"

The hooded man pipes up. "A-Actually officer, it's about the case." He points nervously at the scythe leaning against the desk. "T-That's mine... m-my err... weeder." 

The officer raises his eyebrows.

"I-I gave it to him when I resigned... I-I used to be his gardener." The man clenches his hands nervously. He slowly removes the hood covering his face to reveal himself. Mr Williams gasps.

"W-When I told him to do this job himself... I-I meant the gardening, n-not err.... you know. I-I'm very sorry for the misunderstanding."

Officer Cooper looks at Mr Williams. "You know what this means, don't you Williams? It's jail time for you."