"Ladies and gentlemen, the winner of the Time Traveling *Hitler Death-a-thon*, Mrs. Jacklyn D'Angelo!"

The crowd erupted into an applause as Jacklyn, mostly called Jackie around the Hall, walked onto stage, smiling and waving proudly as she did. She wore a red dress that seemed to accent her blonde hair and her blue eyes seemed tired, but she was older than many expected, in her late 30's. She walked straight to the center of the stage, shook hands with the host and then took a seat, but the crowd continued to applaud. 

"Wow," the host said over the wave of applause, "This has been the longest applause since I started hosting."

Jackie couldn't help but smile, she was proud of her accomplishments, and by the looks of it, so were the people.

"Okay folks! Let's settle down here," the host said. He used his hands to try and calm the audience down. Eventually, they subsided, but there were still a few people out there clapping and yelling when he tried to continue.

"I love you Jacklyn!" One man called out form the crowd and she waved to him and blew a kiss.

"Quite the welcome home party. Welcome back Mrs. D'Angelo."

"Please," she said, "call me Jackie."

He smiled, "Jackie it is! Welcome back, how has the past year treated you?"

She nodded, "Oh, all well and good. I took some photo ops, had a little down time, and carefully trained this years contestant."

"Over at the Hall, that is correct?"

Jackie crossed her legs, "Correct. He was chosen a few years ago, was in my class actually when we graduated together. I just had the fortune of going *before* him."

"And before him you did! You had one of the best kills in the history of Death-a-thon." The host pulled out a card and began to read from it, "Most creative, most difficult, most lengthy, most surprising, most planned, and last but not least, most saved."

She smiled, "I did my best to plan every moment of it."

"And plan you did! Can you take us through some of your processes," the host turned to the camera, "without spoiling this years' fun now!"

"Of course I can!" She laughed a bit as she stood up, "May I stand?"

The host stood with her and opened his arm, he nodded."

Jackie stood up, her red dress reflecting with the stages' spotlight, "Well, at the Hall we have very specific rules as to when you can and cannot kill Adolf Hitler." She leaned to the host, "Meaning you can't kill him as a baby and ruin all the fun."

The host laughed.

She turned back to the audience, "If you don't know much about him pre-Time Traveling Days, we have a whole course on it at the Hall, but the basic sum is that he consolidated power, used his charisma to his advantage, and then began something known as World War Two. A foreign concept to us now, but a concept all the less." She began to pace on stage, "He began this War with an invasion of our dear friends Poland in 1939, and went from there. In 1941, the US of A entered the war with the Attack on Pearl Harbor, a naval base in that timeline. Now, I know things can get confusing, but stay with me.

"In 1944, America invaded Europe, after strategic victories in the Pacific against Japan, yes, they sided with Germany, and began to run down on the Third Reich. On April 30th, 1945, Adolf Hitler, after realizing the war was lost, took his own life."

She nodded, "So when the Death-a-thon first started, fifteen years ago, clear rule were set out on when the death of Hitler had to be." She shrugged, "It was established that the dates from January of 1939 to March of 1945 would be the stretch. No time before, and obviously," she grinned, "no time afterward."

"But the rules never stated when you could begin that planning," the host interjected and Jackie clapped her hands.

"Precisely! So when I graduated, I knew exactly what I was going to do when I was called up for my turn." Jackie smiled and turned to the big screen, where as she pointed to it, a large photo of Adolf Hitler and *her* turned up. On their wedding day together. "I was going to get close to Adolf, marry him, and eventually kill him."

The crowd erupted into applause, it was unlike the other Champions to do so much planning for one kill. Hell, Jackie was the only person in the 22nd century to have spent a majority of her life in the 20th century. She was proud of that fact.

"And you did gain his friendship, his trust, his love, and eventually marry him."

"Well," she cocked her head, "as the picture shows of course I did!" She laughed, "I traveled back in the 20's, and although it was hard to get close to him, I did. The next twenty years, I was at his side and his confidante. But, before the attack on Pearl Harbor, I had my greatest act."

The host turned to the audience, "Unfortunately, we do not have footage of that act. Jackie, unlike her predecessors, chose to do it in silence as opposed to a worldwide show."

Jackie held up her hands, "I know I know, I'm *terrible*, but it was for good reason. I needed his death to look like an accident, so I could hold out until the Hall came and picked me up." She went back and took a seat.

The host sat with her, "Could you tell us how it happened? The history books only tell us that he was found dead in his home on January 1st, 1941."

Jackie leaned in close, "Well, that's what the history books say." She leaned back again and shrugged, "They don't mention the gas that was in his home when they found him, or the charred corpse of a man who didn't have the time to go mad."

The whole crowd erupted into applause, thousands of people clapping at Jackie's elaborate show of intrigue and death. They all knew the story of Hitler and his wife, Eva Braun, but the story changed with Jackie's entrance as her and the story changed. The history books now, the ones people had read for the last year, told a heart-warming story of Jackie's intervention and the eventual death of a man who would keep on dying.
________
*/r/BlankPagesEmptyMugs for more stories. Not about Hitler though.*