Gnash fell to the ground again, allowing his face to reach to hard concrete first. In the distance he could here the public cheer as their favorite hero had come to save him.

"Max!" They chanted. And so they should. Max was perfect, perfect in every way. His muscular body; the perfect form of humanity, was augmented with his robotic arms and legs. Max could do anything better than the other heroes, but he never said so. He was quiet, reserved. He didn't seek the spotlight.

It was because of his quiet nature that Gnash hadn't thought much of him when they first met. Max had broken up a jewelry heist with expert efficiency and hadn't even quipped with the other villains. Gnash knew he'd have to teach this new upstart a lesson. He allowed the blades on his arms and shoulders to grow to full length and lunged at Max, ready to cut him to pieces. It was moments later, when Max, nearly ribbons from the assault, stood back up, calling for the hostages to stay back, that Gnash realized something. Max was a true hero. He was not a showboat looking for the key to the city, he was an honest cyborg, trying to help.

It reminded Gnash of his mother, who worked as a nurse and volunteered at a retirement home in her off time. She always wanted to help. She had always tried to teach Gnash how to bandage cuts rather than make them. How to help people rather than steal from them. It was her helping spirit that lived within that robotic hero that Gnash could feel. From that first moment on, Gnash had felt a soft spot grow in his heart for the cyborg.

He stood up now, rubbing his jaw theatrically. "Nice sucker punch *Max*" he spat. The crowd booed as Gnash spoke and Max stepped forward. "It's time I lock you up, Gnash. You're not getting away this time." His voice was commanding but still soft and smooth.

"Think again pin-cushion" Gnash snarled. He knew what would happen next. Max was very capable at dealing with the common riff-raff, but did not alter his tactics to deal with enhanced enemies. He would rely on his strength and speed to land a quick hit followed by a grapple and pin. He charged forward all blonde hair and determination.

Gnash adjusted his footing, waiting.

Just as Max got within striking distance Gnash spun outside his guard. It was the perfect spot to strike, to kill the foolish hero, but Gnash could never do that, never take someone who had done so much good and bleed them dry. Instead he watched as Max drifted by, as if in slow motion. Max's head turned as his punch sailed wide and their eyes locked. 

Two mountain pools stared out at Gnash. They breathed their own life, separate from his body. They were calm, two flowing fresh springs settled in to a flesh rendition of the statue David. In them Gnash could see his own amber eyes, his own pale, distorted countenance.

"He could never love me" Gnash thought. "This gift of body and steel and determination would never forgive my sins,"

Max's momentum carried him forward another step, out of reach, and the moment was gone. He turned quickly, arms raised in a defensive boxing stance, blue eyes locked on Gnash. "I never want to leave," Gnash thought as he looked deep into those eyes. "Lock me up if you must, but let me be locked up with you."

Gnash could feel his lips moving, ready to say something, anything, to get Max to realize he would never find an enemy in Gnash. But before a word could come out a light flashed from the sky.

The light, a pale, whitish-purple, arced sharply down with crack and buried itself in the small of Max's back. It sizzled there for a moment before quieting down to a smoldering hole in the back of his shirt.

As Max's eyes rolled up into his head, Gnash's eyes darted skyward. They rested upon a woman as she gently floated down to the street beside him.

"Thunderstrike," Gnash growled. 
"Don't be so sad to see me my love," she called back. "What are you doing?" Gnash demanded of his former girlfriend and long-time partner in crime.

Thunderstrike was taken aback momentarily. "Why, I came to help you. I heard he got the better of you last time you squared off and I thought maybe I could add a spark to this fight." She giggled at her own pun as she stepped towards the now-recovering Max, light dancing between her fingertips. "Now I'll put this tin can in the scrap heap and you can come home Gnash, darling."

She raised her hand, gathering the electric energy within her for a killing strike when she paused. Max had stood up, staring defiantly at her. 
"I won't let you get away," Max challenged. "Even if you kill me, I'll slow you long enough for the other heroes to get here."

"Darling," Thunderstrike exclaimed, "you really are adorable. I can't see why my Gnash hates you so much." 

Gnash's heart throbbed as he bit back his objection. He could feel a tear come to his eye as the thought that Max would forever believe Gnash hated him filled his mind. He lowered his head and tried to wipe it away discreetly.

Had he not, he might have seen the glance Max had shot his way. It was a sorrowful look, his eyes a pained sky-blue, his mouth left slightly open in despair. 

But alas, neither party saw the hurt in the other.

Thunderstrike raised her hand again, the lightning in her hand crackling like a demented hyena. "I guess I'll just have to end this feud," she smiled. The smile sat on her face, looking altogether like a slimy toad run over by a semi, before disappearing into a look of confusion and pain. She glanced up to her hand to find it was no longer there. Instead it lay by her feet, twitching slightly.

"Enough," Gnash mustered. "You won't hurt him."
A deeper look of confusion burrowed into Thunderstrike's face as she recoiled from the bloodied blades on Gnash's arms.

"What are you doing, love?" She whispered.
"I'm not your love," Gnash replied. "My heart goes to someone else."