William Shepard was forced to his knees. Before him stood an army of his foes. The men who had taken his home, the land of his people. The ruthless soldiers of the southern kingdom. At their front, standing, sword drawn, was their champion Arek the Bear. A brutal man whom William had met in battle once before.  

"You are defeated," spoke Arek, a smirk of victory cutting across his face. "You're men are surrounded. The end of your rebellion has come. Submit to me, here before my men and I will grant you a swift death. Your men will be spared your fate and will surrender their arms and their land, swearing fealty to my King."  

William closed his eyes, he felt the wind upon his face. He listened to the sound of the tall grass as it shook gently in the wind. He felt the damp earth beneath his knees. This was the land of his home, the land of his fathers. This was the earth he had worked to raise his crops. The land his wife and his daughter had called home.  

William opened his eyes and raised his head to meet the champion's gaze. He knew what he must do. What he must say, to honor his men, to honor his family. He had wished to see them, his family, just once more before this day. War, however, grants no promise of such wishes. War can only promise death.  

Arek planted the top of his sword into the ground and crouched before William, face to face.  

"What say you Shepard? What says the King of the rebels?"  

"You cannot conquer an indomitable spirit. My men will fight to the last. With my death you also mark your own. Here, this day, you will know defeat. I will not submit. And I, Arek the Bear, at least I will die in the land of my ancestors."  

With these words William rose to his feet, and held Arek's stare as the champion's sword plunged through his chest.  

The Rebel King did not flinch, he did not cry out. He stood hard and strong. Arek withdrew his sword and with a fury plunged it once more into his enemy's gut, twisting his blade with anger.  

William fell to his knees. He closed his eyes. He felt the wind upon his face. He heard the tall grass shaking in the wind. He felt the dirt, wet with blood. He saw his wife and his daughter, arms open, welcoming him. They took his hands and he felt no more pain. He was home.