The city that never sleeps. There never was a city more progressive and innovative for its time. For the love of god, just the other day Jonathan had seen a program on the television set regarding some sort of mobile device in NYU. You could speak to someone ¼ of a mile away without any wires! What other marvels would this magnificent city produce? Jonathan was tired. His job as chief refrigerator marketer was taking a toll on him. He was having some marital strain because of the stress it put on him. He strode into the elevator clutching a pack of marlboros, and something he was very proud of; a brand new yamaha made lighter, that could light a flame in under a second. Smoking was his vice, but it was an efficient one. He pondered that after his smoke he should be able to get the day’s work done. He pressed the button ***L***. The chime of the elevator music played around him, surrounding him. For a second he was content, engrossed in the music. Suddenly, he heard the noise of metal grinding and fell to the ground. The elevator was stuck. He pressed the bell button in the elevator to no avail; no answer. He played with his lighter for a while and decided in his mind, “to hell with this, I’m having a smoke.” After his smoke break, he thought. About his kids and wife whom he cherished and did all of this for. “If only they could appreciate-” Jonathan was about to finish his thought when the elevator started moving again. “Finally.” He thought. The elevator was playing a song he had never heard before. One that consisted of a man speaking very loudly. I wonder if this is some meant to be- revolutionary song by Queen? (Hey it’s me, I know i’m breaking the fourth wall and everything here but yes I do know this is after queens era. I couldn’t think of anyone as unorthodox though) After what felt like too long of a time, the elevator stopped and the doors opened. He took a step out into the lobby. Where was Susan? Susan has been the best secretary a man could ask for, and wasn’t at her position at the front desk. Perhaps she was sick. “It happens to the best of us.” He thought. He decided to inquire about Susan however, remembering he had a task for her. He stopped a frail, brown-haired girl wearing a remarkably short dress. “Sorry, have you seen Susan, my dear?” She returned his gaze and looked at him as if he was an elephant. Seeming to get over his tone and demeanor, she took out a cube, about the size of a calculator and said. “Su-Susan who?” while swiping her finger across the calculator face as if she was remedial. I thought perhaps she was new, and not that intelligent, it was plausible. It certainly would explain why she is treating a calculator that way. It was only then I realised. The calculator screen was responding to her swipes. For each swipe the screen moved proportionally to the distance her finger had. Dumbstruck, and no longer caring about Susan I said. “Wh-What-What is that thing?” She replied with a tone of disgust. “Iphone 7, ugh, i’ve been meaning to upgrade. I couldn’t fathom what she was saying. An eye-what? I looked around the room, looking for someone I recognized, to show them this marvel. No one, not a single soul. Then I realised. Everyone is holding these devices, *every single person*. Utterly confused, cigarette in hand, I ran out of the building, looking for someone, anyone that might understand what I was seeing right now. Running down the street like a lunatic, I caught a glimpse of a storefront. It read: *“Welcome to Saks 5th Avenue, Our Black Friday 2018 sales run from Friday,  November 23rd to Monday, November 26th, 2018.* **2018.**

EDIT: Sorry for any errors, it's my first Writing Prompts and I gave myself 25 mins to write it. I had no time to look it over. There are without a doubt mistakes. Comments and criticism welcome.