"GREETINGS HERO!" A voice boomed filling ... it took me a few moments to realise that it wasn't sound but a thought that I had heard.

"I'm not a hero?" I thought back as best as I could, but after several moments of nothing happening I repeated aloud, "I am not a hero..." The words came out quietly, filling the stale air with sadness.

"YOU MUST FIND YOUR WEAPON HERE!" The voice boomed again, it had a slight hint of maybe a Germanic accent, I shook off the confusion of thoughts having accents.

I looked around the musty dimly lit corridor, plinths rose from the ground as if growing from it; upon each was a item of power, a weapon from the myths of time.

Boldly, I took a semi step forward, I dared not look down again the translucent floor revealing a starscape was not only disorientating but somewhat horrorfying that any moment I would just fall into the void below.

"MIGHTY MJOLLNIR, HAMMER OF THE GODS!" The thoughts came, I reached out with my mind willing a volume down if nothing else.
"Made by Sindri and Brokkr, they made the handle too short.  Literally the Grindstone, the iron gauntlets Jarnglofar are required to weild it." The voice whispered now, images of a stocky, muscular smith, the lord of thunder, the god of lightning accompanying them.

This was not my weapon.  I am not Thor, I felt my stomach turn at the thought of even trying to touch the mythic hammer.

I scurried on across the terror filled floor, not sure where, what I was heading towards stopping for a moment by a simple animal hide shield.

"Aegis, carried by Athena and Zeus; ageless and immortal it makes the sound of a dragon roaring when struck." The voice announced, like some peverse reality show host introducing possible contestants.

The same uneasy feeling swept over me as I lurched away; Aruval, Szczerbiec, Moralltach, Joyeuse, Sharur, Caduceus, Ama-no-Saka-hoko, Bident, Ichaival; each a story of a hero, each that growing uneasy feeling around them.

"What do you want?" I cried curling up on the starry floor, whimpering.

"You are a hero..." The voice whispered, "FIND YOUR WEAPON!" There was the booming again.

I didn't feel like a hero, then looking at the array of weapons behind me I realised few would, every hero starts a journey, a step towards becoming something greater, something more than just them.

I felt a surge of energy, a warm pulse of positive energy starting to tug on me slightly.

"Here..." The voice whispered, leading down the corridor, towards a forgotten area, weapons without names; known more for the weilder than the weapon.

I thought that every hero must ask themselves what kind of legacy they will leave, will it be something like Exaclibur, an artifact with it's own legend or will it  come to lie here in the forgotten darker hallway.

Would I be a hero at all; the voice thought I was already, perhaps just treading this path of stars was bravery enough to become heroic.

"HERE!" There was that booming once more, excited almost as I was drawn almost hypnotically towards a small, forgotten plinth, partially covered in moss, cobwebs and age.

Suddenly I wasn't standing in the hall of heroes, but a museum, it wasn't on Earth I could feel, there sat my weapon;

"The greatest of heroes, forgotten by time but remembered for the great works she undertook, all that remains are the stories she wrote and this simple biro pen."
