“What.“

“You heard me.”

I let my eyes scan around for a second if anyone else in the diner had heard what s3cr3tspr1t3  just had said. No one had looked up from their plates. I looked back at the man with the unkempt head of hair in front of me who hasn’t looked away the whole time or probably even blinked once since he sat down in front of me.

“You’re high.”

“I’m awake, man!”

What did i expect from a man who keeps calling himself “s3cr3tspr1t3” in public. You could actually hear the numbers when he said it. I started to get what people say about meeting your heroes.

“So, let me get this straight” i said putting my cup of coffee to my lips “This isn’t real. We are living in a simulated Brooklyn diner, the blueberry pie i just had is a simulation, my coffee is a simulation, the lady who took my order is a simulation, along with my job, my apartment, and my cat.”

“I don’t know about the cat, but yeah.”

I took a sip of my coffee, mustering the face of the man i tried tracking down for months, the man whose handle is all over the forums.
It tasted strangely bitter.

“Why.”

“You couldn’t possibly comprehend! It’s way up, man, way up. It’s been going on for a long time, the people who run the program have a plan but i see them now, i learned to see them!”

He broke his gaze and flicked his head towards the entrance where two men in suits had entered,  chatting about something i couldn’t hear over the clatter of cutlery and plates in the busy diner.
His eyes followed them to a booth way out of earshot, but that didn’t seem to ease his mind.

“If this is a simulation, why would our admin overlords need gumshoe style henchmen to eavesdrop on our conversation?” I quipped.

“You don’t understand at all, it’s the suspension of disbelief, it’s not that easy...”

“Okay, s3cr3tspr1t3, my lunch break is almost over. I’m heading back to work. This was...an eye opening experience.”

I hardly concealed my disappointment with whom was supposed to be my hacker idol.

“This will make you see too.”

He had put a small plastic bag with a single unmarked pill on the table. His red eyes were locked on mine.

“What the fuck is this now.”
“You will see it too.”
“Get help, man.”

I picked up my jacket from the empty seat next to me. He made no attempt to stop me getting up. I put a bill on the table and  took a few steps towards the door.
I stumbled.

“Wha...?”

My vision felt distorted all of a sudden. My hands and feet felt like they belonged to someone else.

“Wh...what the fu...?” I mumbled as i turned my head to look back at  s3cr3tspr1t3. 
He was still sitting at the table, grinning as he put my almost empty coffee cup to his lips and finished it.
Over the noise of the other patrons i could only make out the words as he formed them with his lips.

“You will see it too.”

Infinitely slowly i fell into darkness.