Sorry that this is a little late. I just saw this writing prompt and quickly typed this up:

&#x200B;

 

My day did not start out very well. The commander of the Time Police called me into his office as soon as I arrived. I had never seen him so worried. He told me that the last two time tourists had missed their rendezvous. The technicians had immediately stopped all further transits and had called him.

I asked him if the two trips that missed the rendezvous had anything in common. He nodded. They both took the "Win a princess" trip. Basically, tourists who choose this trip are taken to a medieval time period and given the chance to win the hand of a princess by combat. The King allows the contestants to pick and provide their own weapons, so it is a great chance for the tourists to try out their fantasy of modern technology triumphing over backward people. This particular trip is very popular because everyone has that fantasy. After all, you're not affecting timelines when you go on this trip, just one of many possible timelines.

Just before I left the commander's office to go down to costumes, he told me, "Go armed. Better safe then dead."

Half an hour later, I was dressed in the robes of a medieval nobleman with a pistol hidden in a specially created fold in my outfit. It was my favorite, a Glock 22. 

The technicians nervously dialed in the trip coordinates. There was a bright flash and the trip had begun. Everything went according to plan. I was in the room of a visiting nobleman who had been scheduled to be the first challenger. I found my way to the tournament and nervously wondered around until it was time for me to take my place. 

Shortly, I was astride a horse, helmed and armed with a sword and shield. I rode into the arena to the cheers of the mob. My opponent, the king's champion, entered at the opposite end of the arena astride a horse what larger than mine to hold his larger frame. 

At a sign from the king, we closed and exchanged blows. We traded blows and I successfully held my own. (I had plenty of time sword fighting in the sims.)

After several minutes of fighting, I turned and raced to the other end of the arena. I tossed aside my sword and shield and removed my helmet. Retrieving my Glock from it's hiding spot, I shouted "And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy My brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay My vengeance upon you.". (I was trying to go for the mad wizard ending.) I proceeded to empty the mag into the knight.

Nothing happened. Not a single thing. He even didn't react to the impacts of the bullets. Before I could reload, he was upon me. 

"Another time master," he shouted, cutting at me. "I know all about you. That's why I made sure to bulletproof this suit. All it took was an energized microweave The princess and the kingdom are mine and will always be."

I spurred my horse and emptied another magazine into him. He just laughed and continued to chase me. It was then that I recognized his voice. He was one of the missing tour guides. He must have seen the tourists win the princess time after time and just went crazy with jealousy.

My horse stumbled and fell. My foot was caught underneath. The knight stood over me and raised his sword laughing.

I heard a familiar voice shout, "parry this you fucking casual".

The Knight looked up in shock and evaporated in a cloud of flames. I pulled my foot out from underneath the horse and looked in the direction of the voice. The commander stood at the far end of the area, holding a smoking rocket launcher. 

In an instant, I realized that he had suspected that an employee had gone AWOL and had used me as bait. After I deck him for risking my life, I quit the Time Police. There has to be a safe line of work.