"Who's this old guy? Have I really killed enough of your minions that you're bringing the retired ones back in?"

"You fool child. Even as an old man he strikes fear into the hearts of more villains than you ever will." 

"Dont make me laugh." He chortled back. 

"Let me guess you graduated from school a couple of months ago, bought this 80's spandex you're wearing and thought you could join the big leagues. I've killed more 'hero's' than you could imagine and my minions you killed, they were all technicians working for a cover  corporation. They didn't even know what was going on here or that I'm in control and by the looks of it you don't know either." 

"N...N..No. No you're the bad guy and they all worked for you."

"Technically they work for the E.V.I.L conglomerate corporation which I happen to be a majority share holder in under a different name. You killed at least 50 husbands and wives, that's not even mentioning the number of children who aren't going to see one of their parents tonight. Welcome to being one of the bad guys." Held his arms out inviting the skinny spandex clad youth towards him. 

"I.. I.. y.. y.. Yo.. ly.. I.. I.. di.."

"Come on you don't have long now use your words. Not that it matters we don't have much longer now." 

"Awfully sorry, I hate to interrupt your conversation but I seem to be at a bit of a loss. I'm sure I came here to do something but I can't quite remember what." 

"Please don't apologize, we're all old friends here. You the hero, me your nemesis and the piss soaked boy who still hasn't realized who you are."

"Ohh dear he does seem to have had an accident what a shame." He sympathized while pulling on one of his blazers tweed sleeves. "And you say you're my nemesis? I don't recall having a nemesis."

"Old friend what's become of you? Our battles used to level city blocks. People would cheer when you appeared over the horizon to stop my outlandish plots. But anyway it turns out I can do more damage to the world with a business than as a super villian. Regardless I know better than to try and fight you even on your old age I can feel your power even if you and the boy can't." 

"Wh....Who is he?" The quivering figure  stammered. 

"Child surely if you know who I am you can recognize the greatest hero of our time? Not that it matters if he's here someone will be along to arrest me soon."

"What about me?" Came the squeaked response. 

"I doubt you'll live that long."  Energy raced across the room causing the nameless hero in wet spandex to spasm violently before continuing to twitch on the floor. "Ahh I can hear the sirens now, I suppose it's time for us to go.back to our respective prisons. How are they treating you in the new home?"

"Oh the staff aren't too bad. The food's a bit lacking but it'll do." 

"I'll have someone get that all set right for you."