Here’s the little story that spawned this prompt! 

It’s 1692 - the height of the witch hunts. They never really bothered me, living way out on this farm, miles from the village. I just tended my sheep, looked after Candice (my cow), and relaxed with Sam (best friend a man could ask in a dog)

It was a normal day like any other, when I noticed Sam glancing uneasily at the barn. Sam was a rugged dog so it was surprising to see her looking so frightened. I decided to give it a look, so I walked on over, grabbed the pitchfork resting against the wall, next to the door, and pushed my way in. 

And boy if I tell you I never expected what I saw in there. 

A girl, as far as I could tell, my age, around 23 or 24 summers old. She was wearing nothing but a sack with some holes punched in, and was dirty as all hell. 

Aside from some light bruising on her legs, she looked fine, aside from the fact that she was clearly unconscious. 

I decided to do the right thing and take her in, washed her up some, put some of old me’maws clothes on ‘er (didn’t fit too well, she was a large lady she was) and set her down on the bed. Sam wouldn’t  go close to her though. Just stared from across the room. 

Fast forward to the next day, and what will you know, bolt upright she sits, wildly taking in her surroundings with wild eyed fear. She sees me sitting at the table eating some lunch and zeroes in on the food. I never let her forget about how loud her stomach rumbled right then, I swear to this day it echoed in the trees outside. 

“What some?” I ask, not pausing while I eat. 

A full minute ticks by in silence before she nods quickly and I point at the plates in the kitchen. 

“Help yourself”. 

———

That was the start, that day. Of how I met, and eventually fell in love with Melissa. The girl I found in me barn. 

We got married the very next spring, a lovely affair in the closest town, flowers and food, the works. 

It was a few months after that they came. 

———

I’m standing on the porch, Melissa is behind me, looking scared but defiant. 

The thirty odd men in front of me had just concluded reading out their “proof” that my near and dear wife was a witch. 

I told them that I wasn’t having any of it. 

I knew it would lead to violence. I didn’t mind, I was ready to protect my wife. 

Ten or so of the men leapt at me. 

I won’t describe the battle in detail - truth be told I don’t remember much of it - but it was bloody, hell, Sam and even Candice joined in, going at it. 

In the end I killed probably four of those men, but they hit a bad blow, got a hole right under my heart I did. 

My memory gets real hazy here, I remember looking up and Melissa’s face filling my vision. I remember her tear streaked face as she shook my shoulders, before yelling pretty darn loud;

“You’re not allowed to die okay?! Promise me!”

I meekly felt myself agreeing, didn’t want to let her down right at the end. 

She smiled at that and then my memory cuts out. I woke up probably a week later, about ten miles from my farm, which was now a smoking ruin. 

Didn’t even have a scar on my chest. 

That’s how it started anyway. After that I kind of just wandered. Took me a couple days of walking before I realised I wasn’t thirsty, or hungry. Or even tired. 

Took me about a month to find out I couldn’t even be injured too, after slipping into a canyon and not even getting a scratch. 

Now after 326 years, although it became apparent much earlier than this, it’s clear I’m unable to die, not until my wife lets me. 

Too bad she died way back then, turns out the men came back after I was unconscious and burned her, and my home, to ash. 

So now I’m stuck, unable to age. Or get injured. Just living. 


Thanks for reading! Feedback is always welcome!!!!
