You sigh, scratching the part of your cheek where the microphone on your headset would chafe against your skin.

Any given day of the week, you'd be sitting at your desk in the office right outside Lucifer's office of the chief executive handling all the usual comings and goings of the day to day in Lucifer's absence.  You're more used to things like setting up luncheon meetings between the various Dukes of Hell, making sure that Lucifer's signature is on the appropriate forms and documents when he sends his personal assistant-- was it Maze? Maize? Mace?-- back down every now and then, and making sure that the odd mortal that crosses over doesn't remember seeing that Hell is corporation instead of whatever "hellscape of madness" that madman Dante Alighieri wrote back in the 14th century.

But here you are, standing in for Lucifer because an underage girl of maybe 7 or 8-- you could never tell with these mortals anymore-- managed to figure out the correct pronunciation for some Latin gibberish that some enterprising/foolish mortal scribbled down in some damnable book for their publisher.  And looking down where you stood, she managed to scrawl a rather accurate triple seal daemonic summoning circle using wax crayons, a bunch of tea candles, and what appears to be the burnt remains of a chicken breast from some mortal fast food chain from a place called "Kentucky".  And judging from the cinder blocks forming the walls, it would appear you have been summoned in the basement.

There are several things you dislike: the first being pretentious authors who randomly throw Latin phrases into a book and sell them as daemonic summoning ritual along with other nonsense like essential oils warding off daemons and other heretical twaddle, the second being your boss who is gallivanting about the material world pretending to be some hot-shot playboy and owner of nightclub in some massive mortal metropolis, and the third being willfully neglectful and abusive parents who are often just addle-pated children in adult form playing house.

You never could quite figure out where that third one originated from.  Maybe a previous life, maybe some strange thread of regret to a previous existence-- who knows, you never figured it out and being the senior secretary to the Lord of Hell really never gave you the time to figure out all the details of your past life.

"Okay kid, here's the deal," you say, pulling back the headset and crouching down to the girl's eye level.  You give a small groan as your office worker physique protested, your spine and knees groaning under however many eons of pushing paperwork.  "Normally I'd walk away and gate myself back to Hell but for you, I'll make you an exception.  Okay?"

The small girl nodded, clutching her strange looking teddy bear which was missing an eye and covered in bandages.

"Now ordinarily I'd give a speech about 'taking your soul' or something equally dramatic," you continue as you hear her father drunken stumble downstairs.  You pause as you heard a loud thud and crash, most likely the lunk tripping over his own two feet and smashing some kitschy decoration in the upstairs hallway.  "But I imagine you've seen all that nonsense on television so I'll spare you the usual twaddle.  Tell me what you want and I'll let you know your options."

The small child flinched as another crash resounded from the floor above.  Her eyes widened into saucers filled with fear as she buried her face into her mangled teddy bear.  You gave an exasperated sigh as you felt your hamstrings rebel.

"ALICE!" a very audible roar came through the door, the sound echoing and distorting in the basement.  "WHERE IS MY BEER?! I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU THREW IT OUT I'LL KNOCK YOU SENSELESS!"

You felt your body grow incredibly cold.  You look at the small child and gave a wide grin, forgetting for a moment that you had a few more teeth than the usual.

"You know what, Alice? Forget it, it's on the house," you say, standing up and flexing muscles that had gone unused for so long.  "I'll make sure that you'll never hear from him again."

She nodded and screwed her eyes shut, one hand covering a ear and the other covered by her teddy bear.  You gently guide her by her shoulders to stand inside the summoning circle before you crouch down and grab a wax crayon.  You have to admit, she did pretty good with the circle.  Most mortals would've botched it up in one way or another like adding an extra sigil here or making one of the many common misspellings and grammar mistakes-- which in hindsight explains why a few successful summoners knocked on an Outsider's door like that weird tentacly thing on the edge of dimensional space-time and had gone made from the revelation.

A few sigils here, an extra seal there.  You drop the crayon and stand right behind Alice, placing both your hands on her shoulders.  She opened one eye cautiously, looking upwards at you.

"It's alright, we're leaving now," you reassure her.  You check your wristwatch, counting down the second hand.  "We'll be gone in--"

"ALICE!" the door slammed inwards, hanging off a hinge revealing a disheveled and half-dressed man who had possibly gone several days of privation and heavy alcohol consumption. "GET OVER HERE RIGHT NOW!"

"Oh shush," you say, flicking your other hand at his general direction.  The man started making gagging and choking noises, clawing at his own throat before he tumbled down the basement stairs.  "You've been a veeerrrry naughty man and quite frankly I'm doing both you and her a favor."

Alice's eyes grew wide as the man fell forward on all fours, liquids gushing forth from his nose and mouth.  She turned and clutched your leg, averting her eyes from the sight.  The liquid surged together into a ball and you crinkle your nose in disgust.

"That's quite a lot of alcohol there," you say with false cheer as the man continued to regurgitate alcohol.  "That's what, a few liters a day? I'm really amazed you haven't died from alcohol poisoning-- okay that's just disgusting." You wave a hand, halting the flow when bile ended up in the mix.  You guesstimate that the bubble of beer floating before you was enough to fill kiddy pool, or at least ankle deep in said kiddy pool.

"Who, who are you?" the man managed to gasp out, the light of sobriety returning to his eyes.

"Oh I'm just Lucifer's secretary," you say cheerfully.  "Alice here has had enough of your abuse and shenanigans.  She just happened to call me instead of my boss."

"She's my daughter!" the man howled, struggling to rise.  "I have every right to raise her how I see fit!"  He falls silent as you point a very sharp finger at him.

"I could hypothetically take your soul right now and drop you in Hell," you muse as a sinister light started revolving around your finger.  "But that requires paperwork that I'm not too keen on filling out in triplicate to Human Resources."

You check your watch, noting that it's near midnight.  Perfect.

Alice's father stumbled to his feet with the light of rage in his eyes.

"FUCK YOU!" he screamed as he lunged towards you with both fists raised. 

Alice screamed as a light cascaded upon you, the sigils of the summoning circle glowing with an intensity that made your unnatural eyes hurt.  The light soon gave way to taupe walls and fluorescent lights, the typical atmosphere of an office environment, albeit with the odd smell of hellfire and brimstone here and there.  Alice grabbed your offhand, clutching tightly as you led her from the portal which by happenstance Lucifer had installed in the fireplace.  She looked about in wonder, her eyes dazzled by the excess of marble and glass that your boss found fascinating.  You go to the bar and find her a bottle of apple juice.

"Welcome to the Morningstar Conglomerate," you say to her.

She smiled.