'Vladimir.' I breathe into the mic. Finally. After weeks of sorties at the front lines, he contacts me. 

'Swin'ya, come. It is time we settle this. I await you at Chernobyl,' And the line goes dead. The challenge. The insult. I smile. 

3 days later I watch the forces arrayed in the fields outside the ruined city of Chernobyl. My black clad legions stand proud and pure. The rag tag Russian forces are fewer than I imagined. So few...

I see him standing atop a tank in the middle of his army. I stand, relieved to get off my golden throne. Winter is almost here, and the throne is cold through my robes. 

'Putin,' my voice is that of the lion, roaring with righteous purity through the mic, 'your men are few. Your people scared. The war with the Americans weakened you, my brothers from ISIS have broken your faith. What have you left, old man?'

'Al Raqqa,' with nary an effort, his voice pulses through my soul.

He speaks with no strain, no fear. Only command, entwined like finest silk and fibre in his words. 'I am glad you came here. With your ... Men.' A light twist of his lip reveals his arrogance. 

'Vladimir. Old man. Your forces are in disarray. We will win. I. I will destroy you. It does not matter how long you have lived for, you are mortal and an abomination to God.'

Putin laughs. 'Abomination? You dare speak to me like that? I am the great Bear. I am the enduring! I AM the motherland.' Suddenly he pauses. 'No. Ha. No, my erstwhile opponent. You have already taken more from me than I ever cared to give. It is time.'

I raise my hand. My commanders raise their flags. Unseen by Putin, my special forces from Syria await to Putin's left, hidden behind veiled nanotechnology taken from the British. Russia falls today. 

'Wait,' Putin says quietly. It simmers through my ears. 'I have a parting message.' 

I wait. 

'You believe me the same man as lived in the last century. I am not. I am his clone. The Bear is eternal, the man is not.' 

'I care not, Putin. You are the leader. You will die.'

'Ah...but you don't ask why I tell you this? All my billions. OUR billions,' his hand sweep wide to indicate all of his country, 'we put that money into genetics. Incredible power...I tell you this because I lied. I am not the Motherland. This is.'

The man raises his hands and claps twice. The sound echoes across the silence. And behind him, Chernobyl awakens. A monster rises from beneath the earth. I see it, and it is Rage, it is Winter, it is Russia. 

And I feel terror.