I was always kind of an asshole. I stole, I cheated, I bullied kids, I was mean to my brother, I was just sort of a dick in general. It wasn't always my fault, shitty things happened to me, so I did shitty things to other people. I was unemployed, broke, and living in a trailer park. 

At least until I won the lottery.

On a whim I decided to buy a lottery ticket. It was a desperate move admittedly. My ex wife needed her child support and I wanted to buy booze. I didn't really expect to win, so imagine my surprise when my numbers were drawn on the evening news. 

20 million dollars. I won 20 million fucking dollars. 

I almost had a heart attack when I found out. Unfortunately, my car was in the shop so I was going to have to wait until the next day to collect my (or, my ex-wife's) money. I went to sleep that night with dreams of a worry free life.

I woke up to the sound of medical equipment and late night TV. I was in a hospital room. I wasn't sure how I got here, but yet here I was. I couldnt move, my mucles were sore, it felt like they atrophied. It wasnt the first time I woke up in the hospital with no memory of how I got there, so I wasn't too worried. Nobody was around, so I was watching TV. Some celebrity was talking about karma with a late night host. 

I started considering becoming a better person when the nurse walked in. "Oh, you're up!" She looked surprised. I laughed. "How drunk was I this time when I stumbled in?" Her face changed as she picked up my chart; she looked sadder, more worried. "Well sir, you've been in a coma for a month." She gulped "We weren't sure if you would make it." I gasped, shocked "what? A coma? Really?" She nodded, a genuine look of sympathy in her eyes. I sat up, but just a little too fast. A pain shot through my stomach so I laid back down. "How did I get in a coma? Last I remember I won the lottery and went to sleep!". She nodded again. "Well, you sleepwalked out into the road with your lottery ticket and got hit by a car. To make things worse, your ticket blew away and we can't find it". 

I couldn't believe it. Finally, something good happened in my life and I end up in a coma? That celebrity was right, karma must be real. What goes around comes around. My shitty past came back to bite me in the ass. I was lost in thought, pondering karma when the nurse got my attention. "Sir. Sir? Sir!" I turned and looked at her still in shock "Yes?" "Before I bring the doctor in, I need to make sure you still have some memory. Do you remember your name?"

I did. I do remember my name. I sighed.

"My name is Earl."