I remember my teenage years well. I made memories I will cherish for a lifetime and friends better than any I expect to ever have again. I look back at most of those days well, but there is one bone chilling experience I wish nothing more than to forget. It was three days after my sixteenth birthday and I had just driven myself home from lunch with some friends. I sat down in the couch and started surfing the Internet just like any other summer days. 

It doesn't take much to spike my interest on a topic and send me into a several hours marathon of investigating it, and that is what happened that day. One short video about a supposedly haunted house sent me into a binge of reading paranormal stories and theories as well as watching videos and even investigating some occurrences for myself. After about four hours, I saw an article which peaked my interests, with a strange url unlike any I had seen before. Still, I couldn't resist the click bait headline "First Hand Account of What a Demon's Life is Actually Like." I clicked it, my computer churned, the page struggled to load, then the screen went black along with my room. 

The first thing I noticed after that was an unfathomable heat. The air was bone dry and the temperature was so hot the sweat evaporated off my skin as soon as it seeped from my pours. Then I found myself in a room made visible by a dim red light. The floor was dirt, the walls were stone, there were some rocks in piles to make what I assumed to be furniture, and there were three unearthly creatures around me.

These beasts stood with unnatural proportions, about twelve feet tall, yet very thin. They had blacker than black skin and eyes that were simultaneously a dark crimson color and glowing with light. Their bodies emitted a stench so foul I become nauseated just thinking about it. There were four fingers  and four toes on each extremity, each of them long and thin enough to be razor blades. I didn't dare look at their mouth for fear of what unnatural teeth they would possess. The creature on the far left dropped a stone object as they all simultaneously shrieked and ran to another room. I heard one scream at the other two in an accusing and fearful voice that they should have never touched the device as a stone door slammed behind the trio. Scared, confused, and uncomfortable, my mind was only focused on one thing: getting out.

I stumbled across the floor to the object that one of the beasts dropped. It was a stone table of considerable size, and I could tell that the side on the ground was the only part of it that could tell me anything. Reaching out with both hands, I grasp at the edges. A chill runs down my spine as I hear my skin sizzle and feel an excruciating pain on my palms. This object is subject to the heat of the environment just as I am. Determined, I remove both my shirt and my pants to wrap around each hand. I attempt again, feeling more pain as my fingertips slip through my impromptu protective equipment, but I push on. It takes all the strength I can muster up to get the stone on its edge. These beasts may be slender, but they possess incredible strength. One more push flips the stone completely. I vaguely recognize the engravings to look like what I knew as a ouiji board, something I never dared to touch. A crippling fear shot through me as I realized I may indeed be in Hell. After I gathered my thoughts, I concluded that there must be a way for the thing that brought me here to send me back. I walked toward the door the three creatures put between us.

"I know you can understand me," I said, "all I want is your help getting away from here." One voice starts to asks me what I need, but is interjected by another stating I'm not to be trusted. These creatures somehow fear me more than I do them, or at least they do in their minds. "Tell me what you do and I will have mercy on you," I shout through the door. I am knocked back as the slab of stone swings forward and a single beast is thrown out before the door slams shut again. The beast scrambles backwards on the ground, never getting on its feet, and takes cover behind some stone structure. "Please don't hurt me," I hear it whimper. "Help me and no harm will come to you," I respond. The being slowly and skeptically comes into the open and picks up the tablet with ease. It then begins speaking a language I can't understand and swinging a bead above the slab. This lasts merely a second before the creature tearfully cries "that's all we did, please don't hurt me!" I calmly begin to explain I just want help getting home, but the room disappears before I can finish my sentence. Soon, my own living room comes into focus. I am sitting in my chair before my computer, an error page loaded on the screen, and the clock reading just two minutes past the last time I remember checking it. I try to access Facebook on my computer and the familiar page loads instantly. As I realize I am safe and my heart rate declines, I vowed never to speak of what happened to me.
