It's rainy night with a bitter cold wind biting at any exposed flesh. I hear creaking at my porch, if not for the chattering teeth I would of mistaken it for the wind. I look out and see an old man trying to seek shelter from the elements upon my porch. 
I open the door and beacon the old man in, crooked in stance but able to make his pace with his large gnarled walking staff, which looked quite heavy, but he seem to move it effotlessly. 
"Please Sir, I am not a rich man, but take comfort in what little I have. A hearty fire to warm your bones and a stew to calm a soul"
The old man says nothing but sits by the fire and partakes in a wooden bowl of a thick stew, withan aroma of home and a pleasing taste of nature, beast, and earth.
The old man listens me ramble about how tomorrow is my 18th birthday and how our tradition dictates that we are to receive either magic or a weapon but  also saddened as those types of gifts are handed down within families and I am an orphan secretly hoping for a surprise or maybe a friend of my parents.
The old man finally speaks in a raspy voice as if he had not spoken in many of years. "Here take this, it has served me well and has never failed me. Thank you for reminding an old man of his way home" I stared at the staff with new wonder, holding it made it the wood feel alive, it made me feel connected to all things around me. The old man had left in my state of wonder. 
Suddenly a blade grew from the top to form a sycthe, then came a sharp knocking at my door it sounded urgent from the quick pace of the knocks. It was my childhood friend Leyla, she called to me and said a beam had fallen on her father an needed help to remove it. When I arrived I had not realized it was a barn beam the size of a full grown tree that required several men to lift. I made my way to him only to see that the beam had severed him in half and that the immense weight was the only thing keeping him from bleeding out.... I looked upon her father, and knew from the look he did not want his daughter to remember him as such. I told Leyla to get more men and she ran off into the night... I could sense his time coming to an end almost to an exact point... He didn't have long. I simply placed my hand on his head and said rest in peace to ease his pain. Suddenly I could see a blue flame rise as his last breath settled in his still chest. 
Suddenly I understood more than I could have ever imagined, and had answers for questions I could of never have known to ask. The sycthe spoke an ancient language that my soul knew all too well, and we were here to guide this soul back home. 