Jim held on tightly to Elza’s left hand. It had already been soaked with sweat because of her anxiety of being on the plane, but he tried to calm her down, thinking that he needed her comfort just as much as she needed his. 

2:55 a.m. 
The plane passengers rushed into the tight isle of the plane, as if going in first would grant you a better seat. The entrance line was blocked because of delay each person made while putting their carry-on luggage in the cabin storage area. Hae couldn’t bother to look at the seat numbers while entering the plane. She already memorized where every seat is from how much she boarded the plane going to Seoul. Going back and forth every weekened wasn’t something she loved doing, but her work in Beijing and her ill mother in Seoul left no other choice. 
31A. Hae was always sure to book the window seat. She loved the way the world looks from above the clouds, quiet and forgiving. 
She put in her huge green headphones and put her flight playlist on repeat. She closed her eyes and thought of all the new songs she needed to add to the playlist— something almost impossible to do with her no-wifi home in Seoul. 

3:22 a.m. 
The plane was planned to take off at 3:15. But the on-going boarding of the passengers declared otherwise. Jill started to panic about her next flight connecting Seoul to Thailand. She had booked her flights only one hour apart, with the hope that there would be no lag in customs or take-off. Swiping up her Iphone tool bar, she opened her calculator to calculate the estimate costs of rebooking the flight to Thailand. Although she needed every cent she saved to go on this trip, it seemed like she would have no other choice. 

4:56 a.m. 
Raj started to place the meal trays on the food distribution stroller. He had been working as a flight attendant for 7 years now. The only reason he accepted the job was his desire to travel the world and earn money, and he was traveling the world, and earning money, but he wasn’t so sure that distributing food on a plane was what he wanted to do for the rest of his life. He was excited to meet his date in Seoul, they had met on Tinder a couple of weeks back and he made sure to stay the extra day there to meet her. Only one hour left till im in her city, he thought, not knowing what the next hour actually holds. 

6:25 a.m. 

“Why is the plane not landing? We’ve been flying for almost three hours now.” Elza had a fear of flying ever since she lost her younger brother to a plane crash two years ago. “I don’t know baby. But we’ll be landing anytime soon. Sometimes they have some delays at the airport so they ask the pilots to wait a bit in the air.” Jim tried his best to not show the worry already eating him up. Behind them, a little girl was asking her dad the same question, and the whispering voice on the plane started to get louder by the minute. 

7:00 a.m. 

Two men got up from their seats and went to the bathroom together. 
Down the isle, Hae noticed them and thought how uncomfortable it would be to do it in there.  She went back to her playlist that had played on repeat 3 times now. 


7:13 a.m. 

Raj and Wendy, the cabin crew managers, knocked on the pilot’s closed room door. 
The silence shut everyone up on the plane, and the expression of deadly fear struck everyone. 

The sun shine lit up the entire flight, but the darkness of the passenger’s sins was soon going to black out their glaring eyes. 
