It had gone poorly again for Hu.

She'd left him there sitting on the bed after the break up. Love didn't come again.. She just needed time to figure ehrself out.

Up he floated, the bed not unflexing as the weight left. The background of a modest, but nice, mid city apartment distorted like melting wax before growing dim. Hu couldn't sustain the illusion without her proximity. He slipped back into The Fold Betwix.

It was dim but for a feeble ethereal glow that coated everthing in his realm. The glow coalesce into bright points that ran along the surfaces and dispell elsewhere. There were vague tenebrous shapes that existed for necessity, not comfort, and all about space between spaces were strewn with the trimmings of the human form lying about. Bits of this and that for every feature a face could have layered the room's walls, ceilings and floors. Floating against the slowly rippling background.

Eyes, of every sort and shade. Piercing, hooded, striking, bold, and even delicate filial ones. Mouths: lips in a perfect Cupid's Bow; sumptuous, kissable ones; thin ones that made delightfully impish smiles; and still more with mostly straight teeth. Ears, round to lightly pointed, connected and unconnected lobes, and all of varying size. There brows with a plethora of eyebrows, noses of any conceivable shape, chins with the odd clefted one sticking out on the floor, jaws narrow or wide, and an unsightly pile of flacid genitalia. So many pieces of humans in any shape and color one could find in a crowd of a hundred thousand people.

Even a few female bits to the side to confirm a hunch. The woman was straight, kissing girls was a drunk thing.

Hu was no man. He was something else. An 'It' whose anatomy wasn't the based in genetic neccessity.

And each fleshy piece slowly bobbing around Hu had carved from itself and ended up lopped off to try again. Hu didn't need to leave the pieces lying around but it felt that this was evidence of his devotion. It would have to try again after tonight's loveless rutting that she seemed to need more than want. Hu despised the limitations of the mortal plane, sealed away in its fleshy coating Hu couldn't perceive like it could here. Much less beyond the Boundary.

The transformation wasn't a magical assumption of one form to the next. Immense effort and skill was required. It was blessed without the need to sleep but with human form came the recognition of time. Hu may not have felt tired but Hu was frustrated.

So many years had passed since she'd gone on hiatus abroad and travelled to that temple. She'd jumped the rails to get a selfie with a statue. It had felt her call in her beating heart as she snuggled up to the ancient efigy acting as an interstice between mortal planes and beyond. Within her had been a pull in the small portion of divine within humans. A pull humans didn't feel but things like Hu did across the Boundary.

Nonetheless, that which drove Hu was love. And human life was tragically brief.

It took up a sliver of shadow and with quick motions began to cut. Here in The Betwix Hu didn't have at its dispossal the control to shatter it like glass. Instead Hu had to flay himself alive.

Flesh gave way under the black blade and Hu's stillness belied its suffering. Like any flesh acted upon by a sharp edge the sensation was far from pleasure but lacking in gore. Hu would endure. Hu never had nerves, its true form wasn't cellular but it was required. Hu had tried to interact with her before and the results had been painful. At least it was taken as a bad trip at an EDM concert. The memory fortified Hu as it contined with slicing away at its human guise while human nerves screamed with each stroke parting meat that screamed to it as nerves and cells were rent.

Away fell the illusion of a man, piece by painful piece. Till the slender, featureless being Hu was became unveiled from tawdry human apearance.
Divine form was beyond human minds, a simple elegance that wasn't limited like the trundling anthropromorphic form. A play of light and shadow that bewitched those that saw and drove the weak of will mad with its intercomplexity. Along side the visual spectacle was sensations both aural, tactile, and emotional. A cacaphony not fit for humans in the slightest.

Hu jammed down the shadowknife with a rigid jerk. Pulsating a spectrum of light even beyond the eyes of mantis shrimp Hu had taken her to see at the aquarium for the first date. She thought the shrimp was beautiful, Hu thought it was a horrifying monster that belong with its kin in space or hell. Or spacehell. The astral being convulsed in agony as eratic shapes tremored through it like the crest of breaking waves from when they had gone to the beach. She'd worn the red suit and laughed brighter than the sun, Hu got a sunburn but she dotingly layered him with aloe. The Humanflesh left its lingering echoes in parting like whispers in a seashell she'd told it to put to an ear. Hu had grinned, because it was so silly that she'd do that; she did it to every 'body' that had gone to the beach with her. Each time she watched with an intensity before pinching his ear and shouting "Hermit crab!" It flowed like the tears when the end came.

Slowly Hu regained composure from wracking ordeal. As the pain faded Hu began to regard itself. It had been Michael last go, all those experiences and memories were worthless now. Hu was regaining an everstretching awareness. Aware of its shape to the tips of its extremities that seemed inifite. Holding its astral form in was could be described as a self hug till Michael abated. This was the form Hu knew since long before 'time' and even outside of time. Every moment spent in mortal flesh was a song of death inscribed on Hu's being. A chorus sung by each cell it was wrapped in. Living in the body of another with so many intricacies Hu could lose itself if it wasn't careful.

Each time felt like death as Hu sloughed another life, like a joyous yoke, to return to itself. 

Even then, as Hu licked his poverbial wounds it knew it had to go back. 

Hu could still hear her call and it would go to her.
