"Oh, thank you!"  The middle-aged woman passing by him seemed much to enthusiastic to have someone hold the door open for her. Of course her voice rang with that tone that certain people seemed to get around the very young and the very old slightly gooey and condescending. Shaking off his annoyance at her reaction to his age he shuffled through the now empty door. The smell of bleach and sickness hit his nose before the cheerful voice of the volunteer      registered. "How are you today, Mr. Smith?"   "I am well and yourself ?" He said automatically. "Well you know how I was the..." he let his attention wander away for a moment as she prattled on. The young seemed to find great pleasure in sharing the small details of their lives. Nodding his head when she paused in her chatter he began shuffling around the desk.  Making his way down the empty hallways he let his mind contemplate what he was about to do.  The words he would finally get to speak. He felt his heart squeeze at the thought.  Death would come he knew he accepted that. For so long he had kept him at bay.  He had seen him a few times in his long life. At a car wreck he had passed on the highway as a young man. The tall figure wearing the black cloak had stared intently at him as he had made his way through the traffic jam that had formed because of it.  In a jungle on a hot summers day as he held his best friends shattered body close trying to stop the bleeding caused by a bullet. That time death had motioned him back as he had reached down and gently pulled his friend away.  Pushing open the pale oak door that seemed to liter every institution made for preserving life his eyes lit upon her.  Her hair was no longer the dark sable it had been when he meet her. Her blue eyes dulled by age still lightened with their love when she saw him. Her hands danced above the bed. I am glad you came she signed. I wasn't sure you would. He quickly signed back "For you, always."   "Sir" the voice came from his side the little nurse that was always with her now. "You are aware why she asked you here?" "Yes of course" he said.  His heart squeezed again soon he would get to say the words. Looking away from the nurse he let his eyes rest on her again. Raising her arms toward him thin and diseased now they shook slightly from the effort it caused her. Leaning down he took her in his arms one last time. As always the world receded slightly, not enough though as the nurses voice said "She wanted to begin as soon as you arrived." Not bothering to look away from her eyes he nodded his understanding.  Try as he might he heard the machines stop.  The nurse quietly shut the door behind her as she left. Giving them the last few moments alone together. She blinked at him a smile hovering on her face. Taking a deep breath he spoke the words " I love you."  He had time to notice her eyes widening with her smile before he felt the cold of deaths hand on his shoulder.  He saw deaths other hand on her shoulder and satisfied he let his eyes close.