"Wha-what? " Timothy responded, confused by the words that just came out of Tiffany's mouth. Atleast she looks like a Tiffany, that's what he calls her in his head ever since he first laid eyes on her. He'd never forget the time he took the night bus home, coincidentally meeting her pure green eyes with his, leaving him mesmerised and anew with life despite his job which usually left him dull and lifeless. Every night Tiffany brings him life, for every cold night, for the six minutes on the community bus and for every miserable end to work in Timothy's little world, Tiffany breathed a little fresh breath into Timothy. Dragging him back over the line and into the land of the living. 

 "I'm Tim- ah, I'm sorry" Timothy muttered, feeling defeated he turns to head to the back of the bus. As he began to walk he felt a hand on his shoulder.
"You can see me?" She asked whispering. 
"Yeah my glasses are just reading glasses, see?", he said, tapping the spectacles in his breast pocket.
 "Listen I'm sorry-" 
"Come!" She whispered tugging on Timothy's coat sleave, walking to the front of the bus waiting for the driver to make his next stop. And just like that, Timothy stood in the cold, in the dark in uncharted territory, with the beautiful stranger that is his life support system, functional six minutes a day. Any anomalies in Timothy's grey routine were scarce. Anything that would threaten the uniform schedule, Timothy's golden 'nine to five' plan, his carefully planned out purpose until his eventual death, either from excruciatingly slow sickness to the cure to depression, his led 'pill' and his handy applicator. The .45 Magnum he'd invested so kindly in.

He found himself staring into her eyes, they were so green and bright, her face smooth and pale as the snow that surrounded them and her long hair, dark as the night, flowing with the wind like a black flag. Timothy was mesmerised once again, in a trance. Nothing mattered now, he didn't think anything, he didn't need to. He was content standing by her side. And in his dull uneventful life, he would cling onto this moment like it was a rose, he would run home to preserve it before it withered. He would run home to blast his face off in his studio apartment and paint his white brick walls crimson to keep this rose from being tainted. This is the kind of sad life that Timothy led. His purpose to live was a girl on a bus.

"I'm sorry Timothy", She said turning her face away from his. A tinge of confusement and worry welled up inside him. 
"What it is it?", Timothy asked.
 "My task it is..." she turned her face away from Timothy's again.
"Tiffany!?" He moved to look into her face again. She turned to face him again, her eyes brighter than ever. 
"I am a mistress of death, i have long departed from the land of the living. My task is to-"
"Yes?!" Timothy interrupted moving closer to her face. She lookes down into the snow.
"I am here for your soul Timothy", she shouted. There was a pause. They stared into each other's eyes for a moment.
 "those in the Land of the Living who possess the Eye of the Dead must return to the Land of the Dead".

Time stood still, the wind ceased, the silence took over. The silence. It had a quite a presence. It allowed Timothy to think as he waited for departure, his final trip home. 'This is the end' he thought. Standing beside Tiffany patiently. The silence. It helped him understand that everything stood still for a moment, it allowed him to think some more. 'No, this is the beginning' he thought.
"Yes Timothy" said Tiffany looking up at him with her green eyes.
"In death we have purpose, in death, you, and i will use our Eyes of the Dead. I being the Night eye and you being the Eye of Day. We will complete our duties as Master of Death and I the Death Mistress"

"I see" Timothy said quietly, deeply thinking about what she said.

The bus arrived, it's brakes screeching as it slowed, it came to a stop Before timothy and Tiffany. Time resumed, the silence bid farewell and the wind took its rightful place and began to wave the Mistress of Death's hair again. On the bus it read 'Land of the Dead 3 stops'. 

End of story
NOTES:
I'm going to pass out, i havn't written in such a long time and my skills aren't even developed yet. I'm going for a morbid, thought inducing and depressing writing style meant to make the  reader sad and emotionally depressed. I just like fucked up writing.
Peace. And plz give me feedback.


