Grandma had been sick for awhile. 

Not to say it wasn't tragic, it was, but it had been tragic for years.

Even when she was first diagnosed, we had already known for 10 years. It was strange. Knowing exactly how long my grandma had left. We had enough time to wonder what her last words would be. What she'd predict. 

I don't think there's any kind of science to it though. Seems like it might be just something to do with whoever the person is. Maybe it's just random, but Grandpa was spot on with grandma's lung cancer. Down to the month. 

That's why Grandma's words were so confusing.

Sitting in that room in hospice. All huddled around. The nurse walked in with a fake smile plastered across her face. She looked at Grandma, lying there silently, and then back to us. Her eyebrows 

"How are you guys holding up? Anybody want some coffee?"
I sat still for a second- well pretty still. I was still a little jittery from the cup I had indulged in about a half hour ago. In a second I made my decision, and raised my hand.
"I'll take one."
"Alrighty, one, anybody else?"
My mom sat with her hands in between her crossed legs. She wasn't a real talker, especially right now. She looked up for a second and shook her head before immediately snapping back to the cold hardwood floor.  

My dad sat with his hands in his tissue stuffed jacket pockets. He had cried twice since we had arrived and looked like a wreck. This had all been very hard on him because he hadn't really come to terms with her death. All he wanted at this point was for her to be able to pass peacefully and get through this pain. She had been in hospice for about a week now, and we had all witnessed her decline. 
I looked up from my dad and the nurse had already left. I had been so lost in how broken my father appeared to be that I hadn't even noticed. Grandma coughed.

Everybody turned at once. It was like she had just sprung back to life for a second. Within seconds, my dad had pulled a small pocket recorder out of his pocket and pressed record.  We all stopped breathing for a good ten seconds, hoping to hear something else. Anything. But no. She went quiet once again. 
My dad stood up, his face began to swell up just like it had earlier. I could tell he was trying to hold it back but he was about to explode. My mom tapped on his shoulder.
He pulled out the tissues, sniffled, and softly said: "I'm gonna go outside for a second."
She patted his back. "Leave the door open, just in case."
He nodded and stood up.
As he walked out I felt compelled to stand up with him. I don't know what it was, maybe some instinct. Seeing a family member crumble, especially one who normally had such a firm shell keeping him protected, is a sight that makes you sore yourself.

He propped the door open and I stood up and walked out behind him. 
Walking into the hallway his tissues were already in hand and halfway out of the little plastic container. He started sobbing into a handful of tissues and I walked up behind him. Seeing him cry started to make me cry, but I held most of it back for a few seconds. I reached out and tapped his shoulder and scared him a little bit. I put my arms out for a hug and he looked at me for a few seconds before breaking down and reaching back. He sobbed into my shoulder and I couldn't keep myself from crying. 
The nurse walked up and her smile seemed genuine. She reached out her hands, holding a coffee cup with steam coming out the top. I tapped my dad on the back and we ended the hug. I reached over for my coffee and grabbed it with both hands. "Thank you."
"You are very welcome-"
The nurse was interrupted by a cough. Barely audible from where we were, but it echoed through the room and everybody snapped again. My mom began recording and we started walking back towards the room. Then another cough.

Then she said something. It was so quiet, but she mumbled it out. Then all of a sudden it was quieter than it had ever been in that room. The beeping of the heart monitor that had blended so perfectly into my heads background noise had stopped and everybody froze. My dad snapped back. 

"What did she say?" 

My mom had a confused look on her face. 

"Darla. What were her last words?"

My mom looked down at her phone and ended the recording. She pulled up the recording and hit play. At first it was just dead air. 

"Turn it up."

She did.

The crumbling sound of the recording suddenly spiked and we could hear grandma saying something. 

"The ducks are coming"

Silence.

"The ducks are what? Did she say ducks?"

My mom just stared in disbelief. It's like she wanted to say something but had no idea what could possibly make sense of this. 

The nurse had followed us in. 

"There have been about five people today who have all said that same phrase."

"What?"

"The last five people who died in this hospice all said "The ducks are coming" 

I stood up and cleared my throat.

"What does that even mean?"

"We're not sure. There have also been reports coming out about people all over the world saying that same phrase."

"'The ducks are coming?'"

"The ducks are coming." 

"Has that ever happened before?"

"Has what happened?"

"Where everybody says the same thing."

"Oh... not that I can remember. Normally it pertains to the family, or somebody else that the deceased knew."

My dad started to sob again, but this time it was like he was both confused and relieved. 

We all sort of chuckled. It was the first time in a long while that we had laughed. My dad broke the tears for a second as a smile fought to grow across his face. 

The nurse didn't laugh though. She had a nervous look on her face.  Everybody continued laughing but I locked eyes with the nurse. She knew something we didn't, and it wasn't something good. 