+ I... shouldn't? ( I answered a bit surprised ). Well... you COULD call it fate then? ( I said with a smirk on my face )

+ No, I really mean it. You shouldn't be able to see me either. No one ever did.

+ Well seeing that I can see you, could I have the pleasure of seeing you somewhere out? Maybe this Friday?

+ You really don't get it, do you? But I suppose. What's another death in the world? ( she muttered )

+ It's a deal then. Friday at 6:00? 

+ Sure ( she answered with a fake smile on her face )

Though her last muttering to herself made me think, I brushed it off  like nothing. And so, Friday finally came.

+ Hi there, nice to SEE YOU again. 

+ Please don't emphasis that. It's enough troubling as it is.

+ Cmon... Let's not ruin the mood. Let's go! ( I said, lending my forearm like a true gentleman )

+ She grabbed it hesitantly, but in the end she got a grip and we went on.

After we went to an amusement park, we watched a Romantic movie and decided to end the night with a meal at a restaurant.

+ So how was the day? ( I asked, a bit anxious )

+ Fun! Could have been worse but I'm honestly surprised! ( She said with a genuine smile ) Seriously, you really are packed with surprises... How did you guess that I like Romantic genre the most?

+ Didn't I tell you when we first met 2 days ago? It was... fate...

+ Cmon... ( she looked to the side pouting ) Be serious for once...

+ Fine. I didn't guess anything. I actually hesitated when we picked the movie. So I went with my favorite instead. No movie ever beat Pride & Prejudice in my opinion... I loved the book so much, I was too interested in the movie. I wanted to watch it at one point anyway, so I thought I'd watch it with you.

+ Risky but bold move eh? You should become a merchant one day...

+ Great risk but great profit eh? 

We both started laughing, concealing it as much as we could considering we were still in the restaurant. 

+ So may this merchant have the honor of knowing your name mi'lady? 

+ It's Elizabeth? What would yours be, traveller? ( She said in a jokingly tone )

+ Why, it's Mr. Darcy of course... ( At this point she started laughing so hard she couldn't help it but sink her head between her hands and rest both on the table. Great one, I congratulated myself )

+ Ok, Mr. Darcy, would you please escort me home then? It's getting rather late...

+ Oops I totally lost track of time ( I said, looking at my wristwatch ). Public transport is unavailable anymore sadly. ( It was past 11:30, while public transport would retire at 11:00 )
Do you live far away? 

+ Oh dear, quite a bit. ( As she told me her address, my heart started pounding ) 

+ Don't worry Liz, I live nearby. I can drive you home if you'd like in my shiny chariot!!! 

+ Oh please do! ( she answered in a regal tone )

I payed the bill that night, and accompanied her to my car. After which, we talked about the movie all the way. Though, 90 km one-way was NOT a short road, time flew like it was nothing, and in the blink of an eye, we were there. 

+ Thanks for the night Darcy... ( she winked at me ) I loved it. We should really do it again. 

+ At your service my lady. Your wish is my command. ( the mood of the move wasn't lost on the road either. We kept doing these kind of jokes. They seemed to never grow old ) 

+ Good night Liz! Sweet dreams!

+ Good night my sweet Darcy! ( she whispered in my ear and kissed me on the cheek, to which I blushed a bit, but at the same time, I congratulated myself.) 

I saw her turn one more time after she entered her gate and gave me a far-away wave to which I answered with a frontlights-flash. Though I thought i'd seen a sad expression on her face while the flash, I decided that I must've been imagining things. Then I drove home.

After parking the car, this tall figure was standing near my door, leaning on the wall. I payed no attention at first. As I walked towards my door, the tall man straightened up and started walking slowly towards me. 

+ Can I help you sir? 

+ No one. Can. See. Her. OUT!

He said pulling a gun out of his coat, aiming it for my head. And with a *bang*, the world went dark.