The largest showing of my career takes place tonight and I had finished my ritual of valium and wine to help see me through the stress of what would ensue. While other painters display their works in corners sectioned off from the rest, I'm given an entire room for three pieces, one for each wall. "Each one represents a crucial moment in my life and my own development as a person, as an artist, prone to sins and weakness," is what I told a reporter interviewing me for a front page article on the exhibit. I remember the last few words tumbling out of my mouth subconsciously and when asked to elaborate on them I simply said, "Sorry." 

"This is my very first memory of me as a child," I tell the governor, a rotund, balding man in his fifties standing in front of the first painting of a worn porch underneath an awning. A small boy sits draped in a blanket covered in little white stars and crescent moons. "It's magnificent," he says, "The way you painted the grass to make it shimmer. I can almost feel that breeze. How long did it take you to paint?" 

"I didn't paint it. I just woke up after two days and there it was." 

He turns and blinks before bursting out in laughter, spilling champagne out of his glass. "That's very good, Eli, very good." 

"This is my father, or how I remember him. He used to just sit and think to himself in silence for hours at a time in that chair," I tell a council member who stares transfixed by the imagery of the second painting of a gaunt, shirtless man with thick-rimmed glasses seen through an open window suspended in darkness. "How come you're outside the house?" The councilman turns to me, breaking his trance. 

"Pardon?" 

He waves his glass at me before taking another sip. "Forgive me if that's a stupid question. I have to admit, I'm not known to attend many art exhibits. The perspective is so far away and I find it fascinating you painted the surrounding area in this sort of obsidian--"

"It's about contrast!" A drunken woman in a blue dress chimes in. 

The third and last painting draws the most attention from the mingling groups of critics and politicians. It depicts a long, seemingly endless walkway of a cellar bathed in murky-green light. To the left are wine casks arranged in rows and to the right the end of a darkened staircase. A collective gasp follows from the crowd as soon as it's unveiled and the white cloth is removed. "This is a dream I've been having for the past few months, " I confess to the woman in blue who has since abandoned her fragrant entourage for someone 'more refined.' 

"So this isn't part of your growing up then?" 

I feel a tug on my shoulder as the governor emerges to congratulate me. He leans in close to say something amid the chaos of scuffling heels and clinking glasses, his collar damp with sweat and his breath reeking with alcohol. "I wanted to share something I don't think anyone's noticed." He pulls back and points to one of the casks in the painting. On it are etchings of a star and crescent moon and beneath there is a small pool of red. "Those," he says still pointing, his face peeled back in a smile that reminds me of the rabid dog my father shot when I was nine. "They're the same as the ones on the boy's blanket." 