*Hello people of the Earth ! I was just elected and I'm your new God.  
Yes there is several gods and the gods of your faiths have all moved on...  
Anyway... For a good beginning, I have decided to have a little fun ! I just created a save as of today. And for a week, you can do whatever you want, it won't matter, at the end, everything will go back to today and you won't remember.   
Seems fun, right? Well I decided a system of points and everyone will have wish at the end of the week. The one with the more points will be the last wish and his will superseed any other wishes if they conflicts.   
It's a good way to change your lives !!!  
Alright, since you like games and you like violence as a species and I do too, the point system is :*  
* 5 points for a kill  
* 2 points if you make someone kill another one  
* 1 point for an assist  
* 3 points if you save someone  
* 1 point if you help someone  
*Have fun guys !!! I know I will !*  
  
**1 week later...**  
  
"Hello Vladimir, how are you ?"  
"Hi God, i'm well and you?"  
"I must say, I'm a little disappointed in the experiment and it's mostly because of you. It was mostly over very quickly. I didn't get to enjoy it much..;"  
"Hey, you gotta do what you gotta do, don't blame the player. So, how many points do I have ?"  
"You got 3,585,213,935 points"  
"Nice ! I would have thought I'd have a lot more though. Guess I understimated the destructive power and the fallout... But I'm the winner right?"  
"No, you're not actually. You are second"  
"What ? That's not possible, I know I was the first to lauch the nukes ! I know mine landed well before China's and any other's!"  
"You're right, and Li Feng only comes third. But the first is Bogdan Solomakhine, the operator that launched the nukes."  
"Ah, I understand now, I only got the 2 points because I ordered the launch"  
"Actually no, you only got the assist because Bogdan gave you the idea so he could get the launch keys"  
"Well, it doesn't matter, I'm still second. Nobody will remember, right?"  
"No, nobody will remenber this week. So, what is your wish ?"  
"I want to be the unconstested President of Russia for as long as I wish to stay in power"  
"Alright, your wish is granted, enjoy your life"  
  
*Next...*  
  
"Hello Bogdan, how are you?"  
"I'm fine. I guess you are God then?"  
"Yes I am."  
"Did you have fun with your experiment ?"  
"Not really no... It was over quickly."  
"Ah, sorry about that..."  
"So, you have 19,762,818,766 points and you are the last to get your wish! What do you want ?"  
"You seem to enjoy a little chaos, don't you? You know what? I know how to make it up to you. You can have your fun.   
I wish for all humanity to remember the entire week !"
