"And Don't forget to bring in your essays to..." The teachers voice was cut off by the bell signaling the end of class. I had gathered my things and was out the door before she could begin her foolhardy speech about her dismissing us not the bell.  I made my way to my next class though the tide of tartans and ties, the bell accenting the already noisy hall. I sat down in my seat in the back the bell still ringing. It was starting to grate at me like a hammer pounding the side of my head and I watched as my vision blurred in and out randomly. Five minutes later the entire class had ground to a halt from the insessant clanging. We where supposed to be watching a documentary on the battle of Hastings but instead felt more like a live air raid demonstration. After 3 more minutes our anger turned to panic. The PA crackled to life over and over the din of the bell the principal's voice rang out
"Everyone remain calm. I'm putting this school on lock down your teachers will direct you to their offices. Please remain calm and avoid looking out windows at all cost." This order was immediately ignored as the whole class myself included pulled up the blinds and stared. Everything was fine for about 20 meters but after that it looked as though someone had started a rave in the peasoup fog that constantly enveloped the school. We stared for what seemed like an eternity and then it happened. The bell stoped the rave stoped and we were left staring at a wall of buildings like none we'd ever seen. They were white and blue and jutted out at impossible angles. After a few moments I came to my senses. Outside I saw a young girl about my age milling about on the green. I through open the window and shouted.
"Hey you what going on!" She looked up and stumbled back before running over to us. She tapped the side of her glasses and they glowed an insessant blue much like the buildings behind her. 
"Your awake! Omygosh Omygosh! Your awake. I've got to call my dad. She tapped her glasses again and they flashed red. "Here. Now. Brakethrough." I looked at her more baffled then ever.
"What are you talking about? What going on?"  She looked up in suprise as if she expected me to grow a second head. 
"Give me a boost I'll explain everything." Me and one of my classmates grabbed her arms and pulled her up. Immediately she was surrounded. "This is so trippy." She looked like a kid in a candy shop. "You guys really don't know what happened?" We looked at her in exasperation. 
"No!"
"Oh. Okay let's see 31 years ago this school stoped. None of you came home and when your parents came they found you all standing in the halls unmoving. Before long the news found out. Then it started spreading to other schools and so school was cancelled across the country.That was twenty five years ago." She kept talking without so much as a break for breath. "Ad then the government set up this research center to find out what was going on and how to get you and the other students out. Because you were ground Zero you know. Well I guess you didn't know. Anyway,  The media started calling you guys the sleepers and the name just kind of stuck you guys weren't sleeping just moving really slowly right, but what with the name of you guy's school the media couldn't pass up such an obvious choice of name."  The teacher stoped her.
" What do you mean obvious choice of name?"
She looked at him and rolled her eyes.
"Seriously think about it Van Winkle Charter. That's just asking for everyone to pass out."