"Unfortunately, this ended up derailing Trump's campaign due to" 

"Yeah, I was there!" Frank shouted across the classroom. 

"Yes, we're all aware you were there, Mr. Henbeynz, you've been reminding us throughout the semester. We appreciate your....contributions.... to the class here at Star Station 55," 

"Yeah, I was there when they built this thing." 

"..... but, we'd appreciate it more if you stopped interrupting, or we'll have to turn the audio off of your hologram" the teacher warned as the rest of the class let out an "ooooooooooooo" in unison. 

Frank wasn't having any of that and switched off the hologram himself. "Damn kids, I was there when those kids were all cloned. Clones these days don't have any respect. Back in my day kids weren't clones." 

"Yeah, we know, great great great great grandpa. Frank Jr used to tell us too, before he was decommissioned." 

"Coward" Frank muttered. 

"Frank, you can't just talk about people like that, he was your son." his great great granddaughter said, shaking her head as she farmed moisture while Frank watched on, uninterested in assisting. 

"He was a coward," Frank continued, "Let himself die without a fight." 

"'Die' ugh, by the stars... how barbaric. He has uploaded himself to the great server in the sky. It's something we all have to do when we get to a certain age, something we ALLL have to do." 

"I'm not doing it." Frank said, holding the NES cartridge against the oxygenation system. 

With another sigh, his great reat granddaughter continued, adding "we don't even have dust up here. You've clearly lived a great life" 

"Have not" 

"You've clearly lived a great life, and it's time to go on a nice vacation.' 

"Updating my consciousness to a server is not a vacation, Barbara." Frank mumbled. "Back in my day we just inhaled whipped cream cans if we wanted to mess with our brains that badly, Frank added as he grabbed the emergency breathing apparatus and took a nice big breath of pure oxygen. 

"Frank.... I..... I hear Spacegarden is playing all their biggest hits tonight, Black Hole Sun, Theist Pose, and The Fourth Day of the 7th Solar Month!" 

"Spacegarden... you don't say...." Frank said, smiling for the first time in years. "I saw them with Nine Inch Exhaust Ports back before you were cloned. Ah, nothing like the originals, but they do put on a show." 

"Well, come on down with me, we can just forget about all this silly nonsense and enjoy a great show!" 

"Tubular, dude" 

Frank was put on his hoverchair and pushed through the space station cooridore, singing along as he went, "Utencilman, teleport together with your hands!.... hey, you're passing the theater!" Frank shouted.

"No, no, this one is a special show, limited seats, we're bringing you to the VIP area!" 

"Finally showing respect for your elders." 

Wheeling him into the sterile white room, Sgt. Dr. Morpheus welcomed the group in, "Hey doc," the great great granddaughter began, "we're here for the show" she said with a wink. 

"Ah yes, just in time, come on through Frank, you're gonna love it" 

"This better not be any more of your bullshit, Barbara." 


