Scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, crispy bacon, and an English muffin with raspberry jam. I loaded the tray with Margaret's favorite breakfast foods and brought them to her in bed. The wood floor of our old house creaked as I entered the room, causing her to stir under the sheets. Still half-asleep, she gave a blissful smile at the smell of the food. 

She sat up against a wall of pillows and I set the tray in her lap. "Today's the day," I reminded her, brushing a few stray strands of hair out of her eyes. She still looked exactly the same after all these years.

"I know." She took a bite of her English muffin, and a gob of jam clung to her upper lip. It was adorable. But the smile that came across my lips was more painful than anything I'd ever felt.

We had chosen to die today. It was a decision several centuries in the making, but the time had come. Nearly all of our friends had long since made the choice to end their lives, but we'd held out. Gentle pushing from our children, and our grandchildren, and our great-great-great-great-great grandchildren had become not so gentle in recent years. We resisted even at the cost of becoming social pariahs. Some of our more ungrateful descendants were even threatening to have our assets seized, claiming that we'd delayed their inheritance for too long. *Brats*. Finally Margaret and I relented, and scheduled our termination date. Today. 

I took a slice of bacon off her plate and bit into it. I'd certainly miss bacon. There would be a lot of that today: my last everything. Last bite of bacon. Last shower. Last walk with our dog Fisher, who would go stay with our great-great-granddaughter and her family after we passed on.  

Margaret and I decided to make a day of it. If it was to be our last, it was to be our *best*. We started with a long drive through the forest, like the ones we'd taken when we first fell in love. Dappled sunlight filtered through the dense green leaves of the canopy, and a warm breeze shook the branches. Then we arrived at the lake and dug our old toes into the sandy beach at the shore. Cold water lapped at our feet, sending chills racing up our bodies. Rather than shrink from it, I dove headfirst into the water. It was cool and refreshing against the summer heat. Margaret followed me in, emerging a few seconds later with rivulets running from her hair. At shoulder depth, we embraced and kissed. Just like when we'd first started dating. 

The sun began to dip behind the trees, painting the sky red and orange. We dried off on the dock and drove to Palmero's for dinner. It had long since gone out of business, and some other restaurant was there in its place. But the dining patio was still open, and we managed to get a table in the very same place that we had hundreds of years ago when I'd first dropped to one knee and placed a diamond ring on Margaret's finger. Over dinner, we reminisced about all of those good times. We were both deliberately ignoring our watches as our appointment grew ever closer. 

Finally we couldn't avoid it anymore. Goodbye messages from our family and few remaining friends began rolling in. "Best of luck!" they said, as though we were departing for a long journey instead of fading into oblivion. Though filled with loving language, all I could read from the messages was 'you can't back out now!'

Margaret and I got back into the car and headed down the highway to the doctor's office where we'd end our lives. The sign loomed over the highway, pointing the way toward the end. I'd been reading up on the subject recently, and most people only described relief as the end neared. Like climbing into a warm bed at the end of a long day. But I didn't feel that at all. It felt like I'd swallowed a load of molten lead. But I had to stay firm for Margaret. We'd agreed that we were in this together, and I wasn't about to let her down now. 

"I had a great day," she told me, giving my hand a squeeze. 

"Me too." The turn was coming closer and closer. Neither of us wanted to say what the other was thinking.

"You know, we forgot dessert," she finally told me. "We used to always go out for ice cream."

I gave a giddy laugh. I've never felt such relief. "You know, you're right. One can't die without a proper dessert."

She beamed back. "Well I guess we'll have to reschedule!" 

We sped by the exit toward the doctor's. The lights were still on in the office, but there was no one else in the parking lot. I wondered briefly how long they'd wait for us before realizing that we'd decided not to show. 

----


"Tomorrow," Margaret said firmly with a sundae in her hand.  "We'll reschedule for tomorrow."

"Right." I licked my ice cream cone. Dulce de leche, my favorite. "Tomorrow." Just as we'd said so many times in the past.

------

If you enjoyed this, you should also subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories!



