“I looked horror as the gargantuan, twisted and warped oak tree sprung to life once again, it’s dry wood revitalizing, the dried dust of what was once sap turning back to it’s viscous lifeblood, it’s pitch black trunk springing forth with new bark to replace what had sloughed off after its death... I saw the trees around us already beginning to blacken and dry out as I jumped back and began to run.

This is the chief danger of necromantic magic, there is no way to create life, only to move it.

I ran faster than I’ve ever run in my entire life, faster than I think I even Could with these creaky, rusty old bones I’ve got today. I didn’t get away entirely unscathed though...”

She lifted up her skirt, revealing dried out, blackened calves and a metal brace holding the foot in place.

“This is the price of that accident... it is unfortunate that we can’t undo the effects of drawing from a human... regardless... back to my story!”

She stomps her foot down and continues,

“It wasn’t long before I heard the tree begin to creak and groan, almost as if a thousand branches were being torn asunder, as if two sticks were aggressively rubbing one another–huh.”

She pauses for a moment and mumbles

“that sounds wrong...”

“Anyway! Bits of the earth started to rumble and crack, the roots of that great tree had started to pull itself from the earth, I heard the tree start to make this bizarre crackling noise, and saw a massive burl near the top begin to twist and curl in on itself, slowly forming what looked to be a face.

Gradually, a lower portion of its trunk began to split down an oddly warped section. It’s legs stretched out one at a time.

The two upper branches that appeared to be its arms had started to slowly move upward and twisted over the head and the whole trunk began to twist side to side as a thunderous scream emitted from the widening mouth, followed by a deep resonance that could be felt in your bones.

Once it’s yawn was complete, the great tree looked down upon me and said–“

...

“Oh what did he say damnit... I know it rhymed...”