The shower lit up with a blue hue, which reminded me of mother-of-pearl. Alien 3 from Alpha Nebulae spoke to me. "Digger," he said, "You will be stealing my work, but I can transfer the cure for cancer into your head. Do you wish this to happen?"

I assented, and then felt the surge of knowledge flying in to my head. All this from a strangely blue-hued-like-mother-of-pearl shower. It was complete with directions to the Australian Science Center, and what to say to the scientist there.
***
"The cure to cancer is Z x 4b = G x 4b ~ Z to the power of 2," I said, really fast like the shower alien told me to, or rather dredged how-to into my brain.

"My God," said the scientist, "you are a genius. You are going to make the cover of New Scientist 12 months running."

"Well, genius," I said, "That's kind of you... but, really... no, you've got it right."
***
It was bloody cool. I also made a brilliant discovery myself. You know those nerd chicks... the ones with glasses? Well, you get them into the bedroom, and they change. They let their hair out from the rubber band, and take their glasses off, and they are hot babes, with D tits.
***
They started wanting something else, some new theory, the scientists. I go into the shower.

"Please, Alien 3, can you give me another discovery?" I said.

"Yes," said Alien 3, "but I don't like how you are defaming my work with all this love making. Either, you want to be a scientist, or you want to be a love-guru. Actually, I'll give you two options, I will give you the formula that cures world hunger, or I will give you the answer to become a love guru."

"I'll take the love guru," I said, stupidly, I now realize.
***
The world has collapsed. All society is ruined. Deer hang out on the highway, like that Will Smith movie. And I could go for something other than canned food. I'm getting sick of rooting babes who want to continue the human race. I wouldn't mind a beef stew, or baked fish with fresh vegetables.

"Darn it, why didn't I choose world hunger?" I growl, as a suicidal possum, runs in front of my sniper rifle cross hairs, too quick, because I'm hungry, and sprays his scent on my only coat.


THE END.