The ground raced up at me again and all went black...

"He's over here. I see the body!"

The voice was faint but I knew my efforts had failed again. 

*Damn you, Jesus! Damn this terrible curse you placed upon my head!*

As my senses returned to me, I found myself lying face down on uneven ground, an undeployed parachute weighing me down. An attempt to move resulted in agony from every nerve in my body and I emitted an uncontrollable scream before darkness came again. 

"My god! He's got a pulse!"

"What?! He fell out of a plane and didn't release his parachute. How the hell?"

Darkness.

When I regained consciousness again, it was in the sterile calm of a hospital ward. By instinct, I attempted to sit up but found all movement restricted. I looked down to find myself encased in plaster. 

*It's going to be months before I get out of here. Guess I can cross that one off my list.*

Burned, hanged, suffocated, poisoned...the list of ways I've tried to die grows with every year that passes. And yet every time, I recover. The guillotine was the most horrific. Not just the pain, not just the incomparable experience of being in a disembodied head. It was the terror of the man who carted my body away, when I finally spoke, that was the worst of the matter. The sensation of having my head sewn back on by some back-alley quack is something I would never repeat. Facing a firing squad had less consequences. At least then I could just wait until an opportune moment and slink away to heal without drawing attention. 

*Maybe it's time to give up and accept my fate.* 

I long for death. I have lived enough, seen the suffering of humans through nearly two millennia, and I know immortality is a curse. It has been hundreds of years since I involved myself in any conflict, but this modern age and this new war have such terrific ways of ending life, I thought I might cheat my way out of this eternal prison. Nothing I have tried so far has worked. I must resign myself to this fate. I must get out of here

\*\*\*

The nurse entered the room to administer my evening medication and switched on the radio. 

"No need for you to lie here with nothing to do, miracle man."

After she departed, a news bulletin broke into the broadcast and announced Japan had surrendered and the war was officially over. The atomic bomb. Triumph. Destruction. Such lovely, instant destruction. What bliss. What an idea....