Death and humans have long had an intimate relationship, but the one im about to share with you is rather... Unorthadox.

You see it was a gloomy night and as always I found myself wondering the streets, not as some druggie or homeless man but I loved to explore. In my usual path from my cramped apartment complex, I started towards a familliar bike path that lead into the dark.

The mood of the night was erie to say the least, at hundred times I must've walked this way and even with the dark skies and occasional crows caw I never felt scared. But tonight I could almost swear there where praying eyes on me waiting to pounce. 

I walked faster out of instinct with my head darting from side to side, trying to see something, anything move. For a split second, I lost my footing and did a rather ungraceful dance trying to find my balance again. With a hollow clunck and shuffle, something stopped my momentum in its tracks. I encouraged my eyes upward for what seemed to be ages, but my eyes where caught on what seemed to be a shivering scithe in the moonlight.

"Your foot" he grumbled as he raised his ivory chin. His eyes glowed green with an enchanting emerald haze that seemed to he trailing into the sky.

"Uh.. Ex.. Excus.." I mumled as my brain fired off a million synapses trying to make since of what I saw. 

"Am I dreaming?" I faintly whispered, barely able to muster my voice in the beings presence.

A thunderous slap connected to my cheeck, knocking me off my feet.

"You mortal coiled, fininite meatbag.." He roard.

"Ive crossed through the ages, through this relm and my own. Taking people's souls to be judged and punished. My scithe has sliced through a billions of souls.... And.. You.. Dare.. Step on my cloack?"

"Wait, this can't be real.." I exclaimed, rubbing the very real throbbing of my cheeck from deaths blow.

"Oh, its very real. I assure you" he grumbled, with a voice that almost echoed as he spoke.

He raised his arm, his cloak draping over his hollow shell of an arm and pointed right at me.

"No, I will not take you this evening as planned, do you think it is mere coincidence you felt as you did walking and exploring?"

"When you lost your footing you were ment to crack your skull open on a rock, and inevitably blead out alone over some time" his voice got distinctively non-chalant.

"Interestingly enough indeed, you've somehow cheated your destiny" he said as he threw his cloak in the with his spinning it back to orintation after my rather.. Unfortunate footing..

"My destiny?" I asked " Are you saying I was meant to die!" My voice finally finding its tone.

"Enough!" "Mere nuances" he chuckled.

His wide frame and black cloack offered as much warning as I needed to get the hell out of there.. But I was frozen In the moment.

Death slammed the hilt of his scythe-staff into the ground creating an echo louder than anything Id ever heard. He stepped torwards me with his hand still raised. Still frozen in fear, I couldn't move. The expression on deaths face grinning more and more.

He placed his fingertip on myforehead and made what seemded to be strokes in a circle with some odd dashes and dots. When he was done he pushed my head backward with his sharp boney claw.

"Now you will never experience death, only pain." His voice deepend as he walked backwards a portal opened up. 

He thought he heard the mumbling of "what a fucking monday" as death disappeared into the night.

A short finish, this went longer than expexted!

