This is going to be a bit longer than I expected, but I wasn't going to ignore an urge to write. =P
Finished in a response to this comment.

-----
"I went to a coffee shop yesterday. I know you wouldn't have approved, but I decided to find out if isolation really suits me."

Kate stood in front of her mother, searching her eyes for some flicker of life. There hadn't been any there for the past two years, since Kate had been twelve, but she still searched. Her mother now had all the isolation she could ever want, if she was still in there.

"This rude man barged in front of me in the line," she recounted, frowning as she remembered it. "And he completely ignored me when I tried to let him know. I wondered if he might be deaf, so I tapped him on the shoulder."

Kate glanced at her feet, remembering the feeling of the man's denim jacket as she continued, "Long story short, he wasn't deaf, and we got into a heated discussion. That isn't the odd part, though. The odd part is that he immediately turned to look at me when I tapped him, despite ignoring me before."
The teen girl shrugged, strolling over beside her mother's wheelchair. "I know that's how a lot of people get other people's attention, so I suppose it wasn't really that odd. I did it to the taxi driver on the way back home too, which I suppose was a stupid move considering we were in the middle of the road."
She wheeled her mother over to the window so that she could look out as Kate stared down at her pale shoulders. "He also immediately looked over."

Kate couldn't help but wonder if this power that she had was real. Logic told her it was all inside of her head, but some part of her couldn't accept it as coincidence. She'd always assumed that her parents had kept her closed off from society for so long because they were closed off people. Now she thought that they might have known she could do this. This was all wild speculation, of course, probably because of some exaggerated reaction to normal society. Reaching out a hand towards her mother's left shoulder, Kate decided to find out.

The tips of her fingers made brief contact with her mother's skin, and she jumped back with a sharp gasp as her mother's head swung towards her. The vacant look that had been present for years was still there, but her mother was unmistakably holding up her own head to turn towards Kate.

After a long stare passed between them, Kate gently tilted her mother's head back over to the window and began to back out of the room. "Bye, mother," she called. She waited with a slightly open mouth for a few seconds, then cleared her throat and left the room.

Kate returned the next Saturday to speak to her mother again. After searching her eyes for signs of life, which there were none of, she told her mother stories of the people she'd gotten the attention of by touching their shoulders. Even a baby had looked over its shoulder after she tapped it. It didn't work if she held her hand there too long, and it didn't work on animals, but other than that she could do some pretty creative things. Kate had never been much of a rebel or a bad kid, but sometimes she couldn't stop herself from tapping the shoulders of random people at the park.

Once, when she spoke to her mother the month after she'd discovered her strange gift, Kate noticed a man lying perfectly still in the room across the hall. He had breathing problems, and his chest would usually rise and fall as he wheezed or snored loudly in his sleep. Kate looked around for a nurse, then slipped into the room and shuffled over to his bed. "Sir?" she spoke. When he didn't move, Kate tapped him on the shoulder. He still didn't move. Kate withdrew her hand in horror as she realized she had just touched the shoulder of a dead man. It was the first time she'd ever touched a corpse, and should have been the last. 

She jammed the button by his bed and nurses came running. One saw the look on her face and pulled her to the side to tell her, "These things happen sometimes. His treatment was experimental."
Kate didn't know what to say, so she just nodded and rushed out of the room.