   "James thank God" Says a familiar voice.
    "Cris,is that you?" I speak in to the dark
He turns the lights up and shows his face 
    "Thank God they didn't kill you" he blurts out.
      "What do you mean kill me, why are we here, what's with the uniform?" I'm scared for both our lives by this point.
      "Well, I ...I'm kind of your overlord." I hold back a chuckle hearing him say that. Cris wasn't so pleased. 
       "Don't you disrespect me that way!" he snaps his fingers and two large guards March to his side. his 5'8'' stature is nearly comedic next to the 6' and 6'4'' guards.
         "I am the overlord but it's a bit of a long story." He flicks his wrist gesturing for them to leave and they March into the hall. 
      "Where did they even come from?" I wonder.
      "Not important, you see I may have bluffed about my qualifications to a secret society and now I'm high ruler." He says so calmly 
      "I also may have been running this regime purely by my understandings and luck, these soldiers only take orders in Latin and we both know I failed that class badly " my expression slowly shifts to one of anger
      "You had my wife executed for sending secret messages!" I yell more intensely than I thought my voice could ever do. Nervously he answers.
      "Yeah I tried to have a secret message sent to her, like I said Latin is not my feirtes" 
      "Forté?" I say annoyed
      "My point exactly"
       "Forté is French"
       "Well the French don't even exist anymore so oh well"
    "And what's your excuse for that?"
    "I cussed and tried to say pardon my french, and they thought I wanted them dead."
      "Is that why after seven years the first thing you tell me is 'thank God I'm alive!' " I say nearly shuddering.
    "I was worried I said 'bring his head' instead of 'bring him here' "
      "Did you not bother to check?" 
      "I was ninety percent sure I said it right."
     "Why am I even here?"
      "Need help."
      "An interpreter?" I say sarcastically
      "I was thinking an escape but that's even better." 