The sickening feel of the Warp overtook him, and in the grasping, twisting un-reality, Brother-Sergeant Marco did all he could to hold his sanity together. Eventually, he found some place of solidarity - in the form of literally falling onto his back-mounted power pack. The crimson, ancient device would not be harmed by such a minor impact, nor would he. Even had he been without his Power Armour, he could have fallen from a much more considerable height and would take no damage whatsoever, save perhaps the bruising of skin. The gene-seed of the Blood Angels was little more durable than that of other chapters, but it had been proven time and again for Millennia. 

His flesh felt like it was crawling and burning, an odd, unpleasant situation that might have caused any lesser man to attempt to rend his own flesh in a maddening agony. All it did for Brother Marco was fuel an already growing rage, righteous in nature. He had a feeling he was correct in his assumption, and the odd shrieking to his left only solidified the truth in his mind. Three pale humanoid figures looked at him, seemingly in panic, as well as alternating to some strange, Arcane device held by the middle of the trio. He did not understand their foul tongue, but the mere sight of them caused his eyes to water and sting, and hearing their voices was physically painful, each syllable like a percussive blast against his eardrums, even though his helmet filtered the noises of the shrieks for a far more permissible level. It was not the noise that caused him pain; it was the three unholy aberrations before him.

Quicker than any mortal man would have moved without armour, in a speed that truly defied all logic, the Blood Angel pushed himself to a position that held a forward momentum toward the pale, feminine creatures. Their terror only amplified, and two of them had the sense to attempt to escape. The third, the size of a hab worker perhaps only sixteen in the Terran calendar, would be the first recipient of a round from his bolt pistol, inscribed and blessed by Brother-Chaplain Manimarco, and tested in thousands, if not tens of thousands of years of warfare in one chapter or another in the Emperor's holy service.

The two survivors had run into a portal that was dwarfed by the man they had incidentally summoned, and several slabs of stone fell into place, each of a different color that assaulted the taste of any mortal who would look upon it. One turned to the other, screaming her frustration at her and pointing an accusing finger at the device the other held close to her chest. Before the other could defend herself, the slabs of stone rumbled, and deafening percussions would find the hidden flaws in the stonework, finding the small, pitiful bulwark wanting, and making it shatter into a dozen pieces. 

Had the two been of mortal make, then the blast likely would have staggered them. The device fell from the other's grasp, and in terror, she hugged her fellow daemon. Brother Marco's chainsword roared to life and ended both of the obscene beings with one swoop. Their blood, a glowing, flourescent blue, spattered the walls of the strange, small room the beings chose to hold themselves up in, as well as Brother Marco's armor and blade. It hissed upon him, vaporizing as he turned his back to the room; even the blood found his faith and resolve to be anathema.

Stepping out of the domicile, he gazed into what would be the sky, finding instead to be looking into the most beautiful sight he had ever known. For a moment, the Brother-Sergeant remembered that there was such a thing as beauty... And the sight, to him, was indescribable. For a period of five seconds, he was vulnerable, staring into the abyss as it were, memories stirring within him that... Should have been cleansed upon his induction as a Space Marine. With a prayer, he turned his gaze from the beautiful 'sky' and made note of his surroundings, chastising himself for his negligence. His prayer to the Emperor was audible, and would have been painful to any of the beings from this realm.

"May the light of the Emperor guide my blade. May His will be my torch to light my way through this hellish plane." He began to move forward - wherever forward would take him. "May my faith in Him keep me pure of body and soul - and if I am to die, then may my duty end upon a mountain of the Emperor's enemies."

"The Emperor protects." He muttered. Only the skill of his blade, the strength of his faith, and the dauntless willpower of a Son of Sanguinius would see him through the Warp and return him to his beloved chapter. He had to believe that there was a way home.

The Emperor Protects.