Josh usually wasn’t the fun killer, but ever since the dm has started this run the group had been at odds with Josh’s Lawful Good Paladin. Everyone wanted to run a neutral or light evil alignment, except Josh who feeling left out decided he would try to ruin everyone else’s fun. 

Josh, Anthony, and Becca had always been into extreme role praying much to the delight of the dm Tucker. Most of their games were super in-depth and catered more to the role playing aspect than the actual fighting. This game on the other hand had become the most grueling slog according to all except Josh who was having a great time constantly detailing the plot to go help some side NPC the dm hadn’t planned for or stopping the group from getting the precious money money. 

Today was the day I’d show up to fill in for Becca because she had some dentist appointment or something. I was more of a gamer than table top I really liked seeing my character more than imagining them, but today was special Tucker basically begged me to help out his “little problem”. I get my character sheet a level 6 chaotic evil Warlock with the lovecraft pact. 

We begin adventuring through some dark abyssal cavern only to be met with light resistance. A few beast here and there. We come across this massive creature a fusion of the flesh and bones from innumerable beasts and humans alike now a fountain of darkness with black pus oozing from every orifice obviously a boss creature intended for the whole team, but this is where my plan begins. 

Using my beast speech I calm the creature down and explain who I am. With the beast calm I use my bewitching whisper spell (usually a level 7 spell but our dm tweaked the rules a bit) to control the beast and compel it to attack only the paladin who had been resting back at camp from the earlier skirmishes. 

The beast charged into the camp attacking the paladin while unprepared a few bad roles later and the paladin was dead ripped in half by the monstrous beast. My job was done and Josh decided to get a new character more eviler character. 