Imperfection was not what my “parents” predicted the moment the idea of my conception came their senses. But to be fair, a rare occurrence demonstrated throughout the centuries, they could not have predicted what was to come.

Imperfection in the past was a luxury many families could afford two-hundred years ago. They knew their child would be imperfect, and as long as the imperfections were mild, a mole here, a freckle there, even an additional finger, they could live as a happy family unit.

What they did not know left an uncomparable impression onto me. The embryo they coveted, the embryo they put their dreams and faith in, was left frozen for two-hundred years. A lot can happen in two centuries. Technology advances. People evolve. This is what happened during the time a part of me rested in the frozen abyss. 

Humanity evolved and through their subsequent technological evolution, became perfect.

I, a relic of a long-forgotten past, was born defective - imperfect, but a rarity among my kind, an anomaly. So in many ways I was born special. 

----------

It is frustrating. Perfection. This does not simply apply to genetic, physical characteristics, and general health. It means attitude, personality. There is no anger, no hate, nothing negative. When I was birthed, the doctors greeted me with confusion, understanding, and acceptance, but someone of my time would count it as pity.

My time. This is my time. And my time has consisted of playing catch me up to everyone else. I was years behind. Where my sphere mates were walking, I still crawled. When Shakespeare’s lyrical soliqulies kept them silent, Dr. Seuss’ red fish, blue fish amused me to no end. I knew. I knew. And yet, they were kind in their understanding, accepting manner. It cannot be helped. The teachers’ vacant expressions were the kindest they could be. It was not forced. It was not cruel. 

Empty.

This followed me wherever I went.

----------

“This is terrible.”

It shames me to feel tears dancing on my eyelashes, and in public, no less. It cannot be helped. A small bird has crashed into a window and lies lifelessly on the grass. I hear the thud, watching the small, feather body collapse. I wrap it in newspaper, an archaic method compared to the recent transmission method commonly practiced, and walk behind my house to bury it. 
“You can put it in the disposal droid, you know.”

I blink across the fence, and find myself staring at my neighbor. He stares back at me, an empty stare, and turns his head around. He is dressed comfortably in neutral colors; black, grey, white. I stand out with my pastel rainbow. 

“I know.” The feathers dig into my fingers through the newspaper. It’s nauseating feeling a breathless body in your grasp, be it animal or human, “But I read about it in the library, and I thought I could show it some kindness.”

His expression returned. It aimed to penetrate the calm that I tried to portray. My chest tightened under his unwavering stare, but something curious happened. His lips turned downward. His left eye twitched. His cheeks, a colorless pale, flushed red, as if recognizing what just transpired between us.

Before he could fully realize, grasp the magnitude of his body’s betrayal, I hurried back into my house, clutching the dead bird’s body. Harsh grasps echoed in my living room. I shook my head. I counted my breaths. 

This was negative. I was negative. This meant I was imperfect.

But I saw his flushed cheeks, the twitch in his eye, the frown on his lips. They never frown, twitch, or flush red for whatever reason. It is genetically impossible.

And yet, it happened. I saw it.

A shaky smile dawned on my lips. I went to the kitchen to find an old box to bury the bird in. 
