I like to look over new emotions over breakfast. Intaking food gives me something else to focus on as I scroll down the inbox. I crunch on dry toast and wash it down with milky coffee with one hand while thumbing through my phone with the other. I had to increase my storage space since I went on that morning talk show – turns out stay-at-home parents and old people have a lot of emotions they want to get rid of, too. 

I don’t know what kind of playlist to make for today. Nothing in particular appeals to me, but that’s nothing new. Sometimes I build my playlist for the day around similar emotions – rejection, disappointment, grief, sorrow – and sometimes I do it by genre or artist – Pink, Mindless Self Indulgence, Marilyn Manson – and sometimes I just pick songs at random. The length of the songs don’t really matter, anyway; the emotion that comes with it could last anywhere from a minute to an entire day depending on how strong it is. Usually it’s on the longer end of the spectrum – I suppose when you feel the same thing for a long time, you just want a break. It’s a bit of a reversal of my situations, really.

The whole emotion donation inbox wasn’t my idea. It was some PR thing from a start-up when the story of the “emotionless woman” first started gaining attention. I didn’t really see the point, but it was something different. And it’s supposed to help people, which I think makes people like me a bit more, not that that’s helped me make friends or anything. It’s been a few years, and I still don’t know whether or not I actually like the thing. But I still use it pretty much every day, and it’s become a part of my daily habit, much to the company’s delight. At least It’s expanded my taste in music.

I let the app generate my playlist today, and from a quick scroll see things like My Chemical Romance, Diana Ross, Green Day, She Wants Revenge, Michael Bublé, Death Cab for Cutie, Taylor Swift, and Adele for about the hundredth time this week. I pop in the earbuds, grab my jacket and purse, and head out.

Everything is covered in a blanket of deafeningly silent snow. Each step to the bus stop in my heavy boots is heavy and slow, but I have to go into the office today, mostly just to meet my “days spent in the office” quota. Taking public transit is objectively terrible, but I don’t drive to work anymore. “I'm not Okay” once came on while I was stuck in rush hour traffic one day, and I nearly went on a killing spree. It took me awhile to get the hang of learning what emotions were appropriate at what times when I first started out. I tend to avoid manic anger these days.

 Once I’ve boarded the crowded bus and found a spot to stand, I hit play, barely able to look at my phone in the throng of commuters. I feel the heartbreak in the first few notes of the song, and my heart drops into my stomach. I take a long, deep breath, letting the sadness and loneliness fill my lungs. It drags me down, but I don’t care. I always recognize John Mayer’s "Dreaming with a Broken Heart," and I feel the familiar closing of my throat and congestion behind my eyes. My whole body feels heavy, and even in this bus stuffed to the brim with people, I feel alone and helpless. I feel the loss of missing someone so irreplaceably close to me, even though I’ve never had that kind of connection before. It weighs down my body, and paints the world around me in drab, lifeless colours. A few people stare at me, and I know there are tears rolling down my cheeks.

I eventually arrive at the office, now with “Someone Must Get Hurt” by She Wants Revenge in my ears. I’m feeling frustrated and pent up, more from the song than from the guy who spilled coffee on my new boots. The thought of this person, this crush I have never met, consumes my thoughts. My coworkers pass by in a blur as I made my way to my desk. My boss had given me a private cubicle to accommodate me, though that was probably as much for my coworkers’ benefit as it was for my own.

The day passes without incident. Nobody minds communicating with me via e-mail, since it’s probably more pleasant than interacting with me on the phone or face-to-face. It’s easier on all of us. That’s why I like programming – computers are much easier to work with than people.

Different songs play from my little earbuds, moving me this way and that. From Diana Ross’s “Good Morning Heartache” to Matthew Good Band’s “I Miss New Wave,” from MCR’s “I Don’t Love You” to Daniel Powter's “Bad Day,” and of course “You Belong with Me” and “Yesterday” by T-Swift and The Beatles respectively. With each song, a new flavour of emotion washes over me, felt keenly in the same way the emotion donor would have felt it. I don’t share their memories, but I do share the different facets of their emotions, the subtle ways one emotion can be five feelings rolled into one. Some donors attach little messages about what they’re feeling and how much they appreciate having someone to share their struggles with, but I don’t always read them. A lot of the messages are about love and lost love, and that just isn’t something I can identify with it. Plus you can only read what amounts to basically the exact same story so many times. 

I spend my lunch writing a short blog entry about my day for whatever dozen readers are still around. I don’t know if it’s still making me money anymore, but at this point it’s mostly just a force of habit.

The ride home is full of longing and sadness thanks to Michael Bublé’s rendition of “You Don’t Know Me” and “Reflection” from the Mulan soundtrack, of all things. Suffice it to say, by the time I get home, it’s been a long, emotional day. 

Still, I continue listening while I make dinner, feeling the desperation from “I'll Never Fall in Love Again” by Mary Chapin Carpenter and nostalgia in Buddy Guy’s “Done Got Old,” broken up by the intense anger and frustration in “American Idiot” by Green Day.

As I finish my last forkful of spaghetti over a mournful “Stay with Me”, I decide to let one last song play before I start winding down for the night. It’s a lot easier going to bed when you’re not being kept awake by emotions – that’s one thing I appreciate about my situation. I’m not sure I entirely see the appeal of having emotions 24/7 – I get a pass when I cry or shout in front of coworkers or a cashier because they know I’m the weird “emotionless girl,” but I know other people don’t. It seems like a hassle.

Sam Smith’s song ends, and I settle back in my seat for my last song of the night.

The song starts with a drumroll I don’t recognize. Before I can think any further, the lyrics jump in. 

*“Sunny,*

*Yesterday my life was filled with rain,”*

I close my eyes and inhale slowly, waiting for the inevitable sorrow.

*“Sunny,*

*You smiled at me and really eased the pain.”*

Huh, that’s surprisingly cheerful. Maybe the rest of the song will be kinda pleasant. 

*“Now the dark days are done,*

*And the bright days are here,*

*My sunny one shines so sincere,*

*Sunny one so true, I love you.”*

I have to admit, those are some of the happiest lyrics I’ve heard in years. And they’re accompanied by this crazy feeling from deep inside me, radiating outwards to my limbs all the way to the tips of my fingers. I feel somehow lighter, or warmer. I’m actually *smiling*. This song is good. It makes me feel…good. A lump forms in my throat. This is really happening.

I try to focus on the emotions as the lyrics ring in my ears. I feel fortunate, like I’m lucky. I’m excited about the future. I feel this amazing sort of compassion for another person – it’s a type of love, but one I’ve never experienced before. A kind where you give everything and know you’ll be giving everything, and expect nothing in return. I feel loving and content and…happy. I’m actually happy!

I grab my phone and quickly swipe to see what’s playing. It’s called “Sunny” by Bobby Hebb, which is appropriate. The sender even included a note.

> Tera,
My wife and I are long-time readers of your blog, and she just gave birth. We had twins! We couldn’t be happier. Our two baby girls are happy and healthy, and have filled us with double the amount of joy, so we wanted to share it. Thanks for everything, 
Ray
 

I grin a little wider. I’m going to have to save this song to my phone, even if Ray’s emotions don’t come with it when I listen. I laugh.