I awoke to the sound of a cheering and laughter. There was a festival of some sort. People were celebrating a hero. Her face was put on one of the large screens for all to see. 

"Kimiko"

What does it mean? Is that my name? Can't be. Is it?

I stood from my bed and moved closer to the window to see the festival. There! In the reflection! That's me! Well, that's my reflection matching the image of the screen! 

What did I do?! Why are they celebrating me?! I began to worry and in my panic began searching the room I was in for any clues about who I was and what was going on. 

Outside, a man walked up to the center of the stage and I could hear his voice come over a loudspeaker. "Today, we are celebrating the hero who saved our land from the invading forces of Ashin. Without the courage and sacrifice of our defenders, we would not be here. One in particular stands out. Kimiko! She used her magic to put an end to the war and drive the Ashinians out of our border!"

I did that? But I don't remember that. Why? How could I not remember saving a nation? And magic? I can perform magic? 

In my search for clues in the room, I came across many photos of a boy. In one photo in particular, he was standing with a cap and gown. In the background was a university. The name was mostly blocked and all I could make out were "and Magic". On the back of the photo was his name and the date of the photo. It read, "Koji's graduation 3471." 3471? The clock on the wall read 3484. 

Outside the man's voice continued. "Now, understand that Kimiko remains unconscious to this day and is being kept alive by the magic of the professors from her university."

University? Did I attend too? Do I know Koji? More importantly, does he know me?

"She's been under the care of her parents who lost their son, Koji, in the war. He too was a warrior who survived many missions himself. Unfortunately, he didn't survive his last."

Wait! Koji is my brother?! Tears began to well up in my eyes. I lost my brother, and I can't even remember who he is! How could they call me a hero when I couldn't even save my own brother?! That's it. I had enough I needed to confront this man on stage. 

I got up, threw my doors open, and proceeded to run down the hallway to a large pair of double doors that led to the crowd and this man who knew so much about me. As the doors slowly opened a people began to turn and face the doors. A hush fell over the crowd and murmurs could be heard. Suddenly everything went silent. The man on stage stood there in disbelief and people in the crowd began to stare. 

After what felt like an eternity of me standing on the opposite side of the crowd from the man on stage, cheers and applaud erupted. The noise was deafening. "Kimiko!" he said, "you've finally woken from your deep sleep! How great it is to see you and on today of all days!"

The cheering and applause didn't change how I felt. The tears still were falling from my cheeks and I started for the stage. The crowd split and made a passage for me to approach. Finally, with tears in my eyes, the stain of tears running down my face, and a shortness of breath, I stepped on stage. As I approached this man, I couldn't bring myself look up to see his face. All I could do was see the tears falling to my bare feet. Finally with a deep breath and a bit of anger in my voice, I asked, "How is it that you call me the hero that saved your land when I had a brother who died and I failed to save him? What did I do to save you all? Why can't I remember anything?!"

The man cradled my chin in his hand, pulled my head up, and looked me in the eye and said, "one thing you must understand, Kimiko, is that Koji was an only child. When the Ashinians attacked, Koji volunteered to go to the front lines and fight them off. He was a very powerful wizard. He saved many lives. While driving them out there was a tremendous explosion. Mountains crumbled and the earth shook violently. When we finally sent someone in to look for survivors, the found the entire Ashinian army decimated. The only thing alive there was you. You were found wearing the armor that Koji was wearing. However, when we asked who you were all you said you could remember was the name Kimiko. It's assumed that you are Koji, well who he really saw himself to be inside. The deans at the university have since confirmed that you were always apart of him. Maybe in the explosion, he decided to release his inner self as well."

The tears didn't stop. They only fell at a faster rate. These weren't the tears of sadness that were filing my eyes mere moments ago. No, these were joyous tears. I felt at peace for the time being. I know there's so much more about me that I must figure out as time proceeds. However, I could feel that I really was at peace with everything. 