"How strange." I said aloud, my voice echoing off into the depths of the cave behind me.

This entire delve had been going just fine up until this point. Suddenly I felt myself compelled to not go any further. It was as though some form of magic was holding me back.

"Is something wrong, Alavel?" Beads of sweat dripped down the chubby man's face as he spoke to me.

"I... need to be invited to move any further, Brolin." I replied with an audibly puzzled voice.

As I investigated the cave walls, I could see that they did resemble an archway. Not a natural archway like the rest of the cave. These were made by a humanoid, not a man, but something like a man. The craftsmanship on the arch was impeccable, whoever had shaped it was an absolute expert at working with stone. Could it possibly be?

"Dwarves." I said aloud. 

Brolin's brow raised with excitement. "Are you sure? No one has seen a dwarf in thousands of years."

Brolin was right of course. However, the simple fact that I couldn't pass the arch let me know that the inhabitants of this domain were still alive. The magic fades if no one is currently living in the area I need to be invited into. This is common vampire knowledge. 

"Who else could craft such flawless arches out of the very mountain itself if not for dwarves?" The question was addressed to Brolin.

He knew I was right. Even as he inspected the arches looking for an explanation to counteract my hypothesis. We had definitely stumbled upon a myth today. 

From down the tunnel beyond the arch, the sound of heavy footsteps filled the air. My hearing wasn't perfect, but from the sound of it there must have been a dozen or so feet approaching us. Not wanting to create any sense of hostility, I motioned for my crew to put their digging tools away. Soon after, a small group of stout humanoid creatures entered our sight.

"Greetings friends." I raised my hand in peace.

The group of dwarves ignored me completely and continued marching toward us. Something was wrong. As they drew closer, I noticed they had a glazed over look in their eyes. Within their hands were sturdy looking crossbows and even from here I could see the silver tipped bolts ready to be fired.

"We need to go." I said to my crew.

But even before we could turn and leave, a voice echoed from down the tunnel.

"No, I think you should stay. It's not everyday we get visitors." The voice was deep and gravely. 

From beyond the group of dwarves, a taller creature presented himself. Tendrils of ethereal energy connected his body to the group of dwarves in front of him. I had never seen anything like the magic he was casting. 

"Who are you?" I asked.

The group stopped before the arch and formed two lines along the cave walls. Illuminated ever so gently by the tendrils, the creature proceeded past the archway and stood before me. Even with my cold blood, I still could feel the icy air around this thing. 

"Long ago, I was called the Puppet Master. I was nothing but a myth the dwarven parents would tell their children." He grinned revealing a full set of decaying teeth.

There was dead silence in the cave as we stared at each other. Not even my crew dared make a sound. 

"So what do you want then? Why don't you just let us leave." I asked.

He laughed a bone chilling laugh. The cave walls caught the sound and threw back at us giving us an encore. 

"You're all coming with me now, It's been so long since I've had fresh souls to feed on." He raised one of his hands as he spoke.

Brilliant white light filled the cave and singed my flesh. I pulled my suncloak from my pack and threw it over my body as quickly as I could. Screaming erupted from my crew, but I couldn't see what was happening. Then there was silence. I peeked through the cloak and saw the Puppet Master walking with tendrils connected to all of my crew. 

"Brolin!" I yelled out trying to snap him out of the trance.

Nothing, he didn't so much as glance in my direction. 

What was I supposed to do? Without an invitation, I couldn't even pursue them. I had to figure something out.