"Dude that sounds amazing! Why bank funds though?"

"I constantly feel like, a nagging guilt that I don't donate to charity, so I guess it just happens."

"Ok, but you must get laid, like, when ever you want."

"Actually the complete opposite, it's like a thousand times multiplier. So imagine what being horny a million times over feels like"

"Shit man, I'd probably feint"

"Yeah. That's not even the worst thing that can happen, you seen season 2 of American Vandal yet?"

" 'cause"

"That nearly happened to me at the bank. Some poor guy just stood straight, started crying, then belted for the toilet like he was growing a bee sting and it was making do with the openings available."

"Shit man"

"It can get good sometimes, like once, I was in costume doing the whole nine yards hostage thing, right. When suddenly Metaman shows up and tries to stop me. so yada yada yada, 'the American people won't stand for this tyranny' when suddenly, I need to fart. Metaman, I kid you not, turns bright red, turns flexing every muscle in his body and stops talking, so I'm standing there like, 'Holy crap, he's prepping for a pounce, I'm about to fucking die' but he's just standing there, then he starts shaking and I realize, he's not flexing, he's clenching! So I start to let rip a little, and I can see on his face that he's feeling it too. So I let out a little more, and a little more, and a little more, and then BAM! he's gone!

 So I went through the motions of when those hostage situations actually go right, collect the ransom, leave a bomb on one of 'em, use Larry's invisiblizer to get out of sight and out of costume easily and safely and go home. So I'm out home later on, and there's this science guy on the news, looks all serious, and starts talking about something, i don't know, so whilst he's talking I'm tryna figure out what happened to Metaman 'cos, he didn't let rip or anything, he just disappeared! So my guess is that he uses his super speed to get out of there, you know, super breath, super strength, all that gas and methane and crap is going to fuck up global warming or something, so yeah, gets of planet lets rip, hunky dory. So I look back at the news and what I hear is this guy talking about, and I quote "A random and sporadic dump of methane has caused the Sun's life time to double, look forward to hotter summers in the next thirty years!"

"Wait, so he...?"

"Let rip so much, he fueled the SUN!"