Once upon a time, a young babe stood rooted to her spot. Her golden hair stood delicately like golden plates. She was waiting to be chosen.

She was not always as radiant as she was now, for once, she had been weak and frail. Her hair was dull and short beneath her bonnet. She had to keep it under her bonnet, for that is how it must always be. Her frame was thin and defenceless, laid bare to the elements.

First came Zeus, the mighty god of the wind and rains. He looked upon the frail being and said "O! how you shy away from my winds so. Come! I bestow on you supplements that will give you strength! Then you may protect yourself as you grow." And thus, Zeus opened the heavens to the young thing, and she was blessed with a strong body to shield her against the world's strains.

Next came Apollo, the soothing god of the sun: "How may I shine on this earth if there is no beauty to shine upon? Your hair has grown strong and gorgeous under your bonnet. I bless you with the light of my sun so that you may glow upon this world." Apollo's gentle rays kissed the bonnet, and sure enough, the beautiful blonde locks burst out in dazzling glamour.

While the elegant creature had all its assets, she felt something missing from her life. She called upon one last god: Hades, the god of death, and said to him: "The illustrious Hades! It is an honour you do me to respond to my call. I am grateful for all the gifts that the gods have given me thus far, however I must pay my due. Please, I implore you, give me the power to convert death to life. Let my presence on this world allow more life to thrive." Silently, Hades gave the compassionate entity her wish. She transformed Death's product into new life, and her own life flourished further.

And there she stood, in full radiant glory, waiting for her final fate. She did not know what purpose she would be chosen for, but she wished that, in her death, she may prove valuable to her master.

----

Once upon a time, a man loved another very much. To prove that his love was pure, he plucked a yellow rose from the ground and confessed his feelings openly to his lover, and the gods above.