We were used to commotion. Although its relentless progress was slow, the Freeze nevertheless kept our people continuously shuffling toward the Burn. Our lives were lived on the move.

There were always homes to be rolled, and to ensure a good harvest we had to soil and seed the cooling sands while they were still warm to the touch.

But this was different.

The horns wailed as always, but their notes conveyed none of the familiar messages; too short for a ready field; too long for fire.

I stood up, seeds still clenched in my dirt-covered fists, and looked back toward the long, parallel lines of buildings that were my village. 

Everyone was gathered where a house was tipped onto its side, as though its wheels had been swallowed up by the soil. Their feet kicked up clouds of dust as they frantically called all of us back from the fields.

"What'd you do now?" Elyk joked as he came within earshot, joining me on the walk back.

"If those wheels have broken we'll have to plant another field of bamboo to replace them," Hsoj complained as he ran to catch up with us.

As we neared the village, Nilloc scurried out to meet us, his face bright with wide eyes. Hands raised in amazement, he shouted, "There's a house in the ground!"

A house? In the ground? The thought made so little sense I could think of no response and in my confusion, all I could do was run ahead to see for myself what had Nilloc consumed with such nonsense.

And there it was, partially blocked by the wheels of our house fallen into it.

It was a hole, ringed by the shattered remains of the thickest clear sand I'd ever seen. Sacul was hitting away the sharp edges that remained with a hammer as Kered brushed back the soil and sand to stop any more of it from falling in.

Cautiously stepping close enough to peer into the hole, I could see a bamboo ladder leading down into its depths. Except it wasn't bamboo. It caught the light, like some strange sort of grey ice.

Truly, this hole looked like anything you could imagine, but not a house. My mind raced about, retracing my steps from the field to this moment, desperately searching for an answer, an explanation.

I was shaken from my thoughts only by the peripheral sight of Sacul disappearing down into it - and, too curious to be afraid, I rushed after him.