My name is Anaat, and I am now two thousand years old. Well no, having just "woken up" after yet another failed attempt, I am technically five years old.

I should explain; to start with, I don't know how or why but somehow I am immortal. Or at least something like immortal, I can still die- oh gods what an understatement. Yeah I can definitely die, in fact I seem especially predisposed to dying, it seems like all I can **do** is die... Ugh, sorry you'll have to forgive me for being irritable, the first five years are always the hardest and I'm still dreading having it do it again. But I've gotten offtrack.

Most accurately my *mind* is immortal, while I am *physically* stuck in some sort of loop. I can die, but when I do I wake up again on the morning of my fifth birthday. I know that sounds like a pretty solid deal, and it probably would be if I woke up to hot breakfast and a warm smile. Unfortunately what I actually wake up to is hunger pangs and the sound of shouting; in a cold, damp, back-alley, covered in grime. Doesn't seem like such great luck anymore, right? Well it's even worse than it seems, see that shouting is because the mountain Oni tribe are attacking my small mining village, and I'm starving in an alley because my parents were killed in a raid on the mine the year prior. So I wake up in a weak, starving five-year-old-body, with no family or assets to speak of, under attack by twelve-foot-tall horned demons.

Like I said, the first five years are always the hardest; that is increasingly true the closer I am to when I "wake up". I mentioned I die a lot? Most deaths happened the first day, most of those within the first ten minutes. In case you were thinking I lived a long full life before my first "redo", no. My first redo happened about a minute after I wake up, the second wasn't any better, nor the third. You get the idea. The good news is that the closer I am to day zero (DZ) the less I have to worry about what Line I am taking, right now my options are more or less "escape the village" or "get eaten". "Lines" are what I use to refer to the map of different paths I can take, technically it branches infinitely with every second, but realistically it's easy to keep track of the viable choices available to me. For instance take day one, I can die a million horrible ways, but functionally they can be combined to a single "dead end".

So right now I am on the first line; "escape the village". In previous loops, experimenting this early was pretty much pointless, no matter what I did the only way I escaped was on foot by myself. Whether to save a friend or to get help, I could never stop anyone's death. The whole village is destroyed and I am left with nothing and nowhere to go.  Starting with nothing I've always been stuck on the "alpha" line for the first several years post-DZ. Even with foreknowledge I was still a penniless, starving, child so my options were limited, and I never had enough resources or physical capabilities to start making significant choices until my early teens. This time though I might finally succeed in creating a new "alpha" line. In my most recent loop I finally managed to attain what had been my goal for the past thousand years.

Arcana.

Magic, Sorcery, The Song, Thuamaturgy. It has many different names and even more uses, but most significantly to me it is practiced using the mind. I begin each loop in a starving five-year-old's body, but my mind has accumulated thousands of years of experience. Unlike the knowledge that offered little use when I didn't have the physical resources to apply it, knowledge of the Arcane is all that is required to tap into the ether and use Arcana. Now that I have that knowledge there is nothing stopping me from using it regardless of how young or frail I am.

Or at least that's the hope. I didn't even stumble on the basic knowledge of how Arcana operates until I had already lived a thousand years, and it took another thousand to find a Line that allowed me to actually learn it. Ended up being as a servant of the apprentice of the grounds-keeper of a noble's estate. Even the noble was nowhere near of a high enough status to be permitted to learn and preform Arcana; but he had stolen several books from those who *were* permitted and I managed to sneak into the library to read those books. Well I did for about a month, before he found out and promptly had me killed. But I had already learned enough to tap the ether, just two nights prior to my death I had cast my first spell.

So here I am, in this grimy alley, with the shouts growing louder around me. I can already see smoke beginning to rise from the outskirts of the village, and I am either about to use Arcana, or find out I have wasted the last thousand years in pursuit of a futile effort.

I hear quick pattering footsteps and turn to see my friend Lev sprinting through puddles down the alley toward me. She has a cut on her arm, and her eyes are wide with terror and adrenaline. I know in a second an Oni will round the corner behind her, and kill her long before either of us could hope close the gap between us. I'd know, I've tried more times than I can count.

The Oni rounds the corner behind her. I raise my hand and a burst of white fire streaks down the alley and engulfs the creature's head.

***
To be continued?