"Um, excuse me sir?"

An older gentleman walked up to my counter asking about the various colors of ties that were on display above the cash register. We chatted for a bit before I managed to convince him to try on some of new suits that had just come in.

"I've never really been a fan of tight collars, you think you can make this a bit more loose?"

In retrospect, the man had way of using a mix of tone and rhetoric to get a laugh out of me. I didn't even realize what he was doing until later that day. He managed to make the process of haggling prices rather enjoyable. 

"Have you ever heard of man named Heracles? He lived a long long time ago."

Sarcastic banter here, fun fact there. I couldn't help but feel like I've know this man for more than the one hour that he had spent in my shop so far. It wasn't something I was used to. My shop carried some of the more expensive suits around, so my clientele was never much for chit chat. This man was something different. 

"Hold on son, let me try that on."

I happened to look up from opening a box of shoes when I noticed the maroon ridges that spiraled out of the man's chest. I had never seen anything like it before in my entire life. The spiral scar covered his entire chest and centered around the left side of his chest. The scar tissue became darker and thicker as it traveled away from the center. He noticed my eyes.

"I know what you're thinking. It's alright. When you get to be around my age... well-"

And just like that he talked about age and the journey it encompasses for another twenty minutes while I took his measurements and began wrapping up. He spoke in the most general sense too. Not a single personal detail had been given up during that deflection. He managed to change the subject of my stare onto bigger and larger things. About life. The man paid for his new suit and I let him know when it would be ready for pick up. I had to know who he was so I asked him as he left. A simple "So what do you do for a living?" was all that I could manage. 

"I'm a politician" he told me. He smiled and left.  