Four taps, a visual kaleidoscope, and a pop in the ears. 

It had been happening ever since I was a kid. The first few times it was innocuous: teleport to my mom to help with the groceries. To my baby sister to help change her diaper. Once, it was to a schoolmate (a very cute one) as she struggled with algebra, something I was quite adept at. She screamed at first, and her parents thought we were having an adolescent tryst, but that’s an altogether different story.

As I got a bit older, I learned to suppress the habit, keep my hands still, lead a normal life. I was always fighting against instinct, however; my sweaty hands tended to fidget when nervous, and I had never been as nervous as June 5th, 2004. I was 30 years old, the old stockiness starting to transform into a softer belly-centered look, and a hint of balding beginning at the borders of my hair. 

My smile was as warm as it had ever been, however, or so that’s what Laura told me. My soon to be fiancée, if all went well. It was what attracted her to me to begin with, and she always told me it made me look five years younger. Hearing her say that made me smile even more, every time.

Tonight, I was going to ask her to finally marry me, exactly five years after our first date. Holding the ring, my fingers trembled with excitement. We were both laid-back people, preferring serenity over bombast. For this anniversary, I had arranged for a quiet dinner at our favorite restaurant on a hill, overlooking the city where we lived. Time the reservation just right, and you could catch daily fireworks precisely at 8:40 PM on the horizon, the perfect accompaniment to a fireside dinner. This was going to be the moment I got on one knee. 

I was in the bathroom, hyping myself up for the big moment. Dabbing myself off, reaching for the ring to make sure it was ready – where was it?! Hands to my coat pocket – not there. Hands to my pants – not there. I could’ve sworn-

The panic started to set in the moment my vision began to melt together. I didn’t even realize I had ever-so-subtly tapped my fingers against the sink in my agitation. But this time was different. I didn’t at all recognize the place I teleported to, and I was facing an old man. Pudgy midsection, half-bald hair, and an overly friendly smile.

“Rupert! You finally came!”

He knew my name! But I’d never met him before in my life. Who was this man?

“Relax, relax! I’ve been waiting for you! 40 years I’ve been waiting! It’s finally time to tell you!”

I looked at him with some apprehension, but my senses told me I could trust this man, despite having never met him. He felt immediately like family. 

“I’m sorry, who are you? Where am I?” I inquired. I wanted to get back. I had to find that ring!

“I’m sorry, this must all be very confusing. Wait, wait, I think I’m getting old. You know, when I was younger, I think I was better at getting to the point.” He flustered about with his hands. His excitement was obvious. The old man took three deep breaths, reached out to me, and took my hands in his.

“Sonny, I’m you! You’re in the future! This is the first and only time you’ll ever time travel when you accidentally do the whizz-bang teleport. But every time it happens, it’s because someone needs you! Well, this time, you need me!”

The truth finally began to dawn on me. It was like looking into a mirror, albeit a much older mirror.

“Rupert, I – it’s so awkward calling you that because that’s my name. Rupert, I’m here to tell you that everything will be okay. Relax. Laura’s over in the other room now, working on her knitting. She loves the ring, but more important than that, she loves you for who you are, and always will. At least, it’s been a few years and we’re still together! Now stop worrying!”

“Rupert, erm, Mr. Rupert, erm, I’m in a bit of a bind. I can’t find the ring! I could’ve sworn it was in my coat pocket! Been saving for a year to get her just what she wanted and now I’ve misplaced the bloody thing! I’m ruined!”

A door opened. A gentle, matriarchal woman gently walked in. A bit shorter, with a hunched-over posture, but still the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen. Laura.

“Rupert’s been telling me this was going to happen. I didn’t quite believe him at first. But I know what you need. You can borrow mine, for now.” She slipped the diamond-studded band off of her finger and handed it to me.

“My young friend, you’re past due now. Time to go meet your destiny!” my older self said. So much more I wanted to find out about how my life would end up. So much more I wanted to learn about how to treat my wife well. But four taps – his hand on my shoulder, and everything swirled again.

I was back in the bathroom. But now there was a ring in my hand. And now, knowing everything would work out, there was a massive, confident smile on my face. It was time to meet my destiny.