I cook spaghetti at least once a week, as homage to the great one. I never expected to see a miracle occur during this routine meal, for I have never even heard my God speak. 

2 weeks ago, we had our usual congregation, making pasta and meatballs from scratch, a massive dish found its way to the center of the table, my fellow cultists serving themselves up our glorious gods bounty, and I, at the head of the table, serve myself last, as is tradition. 

As we bow our heads, reciting our Lord's prayer, the miracle occured. 

"On top of spaghetti, all covered in cheese"

 *thump... Thump... Splat*

"I lost my poor meatball, when somebody sneezed

*Thump... Thump... Splat*

I look up as we sing, wondering who would be so rude as to play with their food during the prayer, and become witness. 

"It rolled off the table, and onto the floor" 

My companions notice as I stand up, pushing my chair back, and fall to my knees. My Roch baritone increases in volume, and everyone looks up, and SEE'S. 

"And then our poor meatballs, they rolled right out the door" 

A long tendril of spaghetti has reached it's way over, and the French doors behind me are opened by his grace.  

"They rolled to the garden, and under a bush"

Our Lord and Savior, The One and Only Flying Spaghetti Monster. Here at last.... 

"And then our poor meatballs, turned right into mush" 

We witness, as our Lord places his seed across the world, our meatballs no more... 

"The mush was as tasty, as tasty could be, and then the next weekend, it grew into a tree."

Before our eyes, the first noodles begin sprouting up, reaching tentatively to the sky, questing upwards.

"The tree was all covered, in noodles and moss, and on it grew meatballs, in tomato sauce"

As the prayer spoketh, so became the truth

"If you eat spaghetti, all covered in cheese, protect your poor meatballs, should somebody sneeze." 

We bow our heads, and walk outside with the sacred dish, and slowly, our Lord RISES, reaching to each of us, slowly feeling, scenting, something... 

"Your faith is strong, your will stronger, and today, you witness the last time, someone will ever toucha my spaghett." 