"So what's the deal with the penguin?" she asked me.

I blinked, unsure of what to say at first. *You're the first one who ever noticed him* came to my mind first, but I dismissed that at once. No good ever came of mentioning him at all.

When I told my older brother that the penguin was the one biting the corners off of his books, he told on my parents at once even though I hate the taste of paper. Another time, when I was four, I saw the penguin about to bite through my mother's neck, and I shoved her out of the way just in time. I was grounded for a year for my efforts. Mrs. Jacobski didn't believe me, either, in the first grade, when I told her the penguin was the one that kept eating all the toys and the pencils. A week after that I had to start taking the awful pills. Five different kids punched me in the fourth grade after I mentioned him; the penguin would have killed them otherwise. 

After that I became convinced the penguin was the devil, or at least one of his highest lackeys. It made sense to me - only I could see him, and he seemed only to exist to create trouble around me. Perhaps exclusively to get *me* in trouble. He's been doing it less ever since I got wise to his ways. These last ten years all he's ever done was stare at me, stalking me every waking hour of my life. He even visited my dreams, every night, for both the good dreams and the nightmares he creates.

But that's all he's ever done. I've ignored him every time he's put a fellow human being in peril, and he began hesitating before he could follow through with his heinous deeds. And ever since he has not found a way to bring chaos and mayhem to me or anyone else. 

Until now.

Now, when this strange woman, a blind date set up from out of nowhere, has asked me about him. That was something no one else could do.

I looked at the penguin. The six-foot behemoth merely shrugged, a mischievous look in his beady eyes. This had to be a trick of his, but he would not fool me.

So I shrugged and asked, "What penguin?"

The woman laughed, and pointed right at him. "The six-foot tall penguin standing over your right shoulder."

I snickered, though she was right about his location. "Funny."

"I'm being serious."

I sighed, spearing a meatball from the bowl in front of me. *Who is this woman?* I thought to myself. "Alright, look," I said. "All my life I've been seeing this six-foot tall penguin, yes, but he's not there. It's a hallucination. As to why, perhaps it's because I had some delusions that he was creating trouble for me, and I got those delusions to pass off my misfortunes on a phantasm that doesn't exist because I never wanted to hurt anyone else. Happy?"

I thought for sure that parroting back the same malarkey the shrinks fed me would convince her, but the woman shook her head, completely serious. "I'm afraid not. He's right there."

"He isn't real."

"He is to you."

"No one else can see him."

"I can," said the woman, "through your mind's eye."

I stared at her blankly. The penguin cackled from behind. "Um..."

"Must I spell it out for you? I can read minds."

"Right. And my feathered friend just got engaged."

"You grew up with one older brother and two younger siblings, a boy and a girl. Your father was killed in a hit and run accident when you were eleven. You've been employed exactly six times, four times in restaurants. You hate the taste of paper. You're allergic to dogs, pollen and cinnamon. Now ask me how I know all this."

I didn't even flinch. I simply stared disinterestedly at my food, twirling some more pasta with my fork. "Easy," I said. "You asked my mother about all this. Or you talked to one of my siblings."

The woman chuckled. "Except that your mother's out of town on business, your older brother is overseas in Japan on deployment, your younger brother is beginning his first job way over in Colorado, and your sister is finishing up college in Virginia. She's majoring in political science, minor in media production."

"It's still more plausible than anything else you could come up with," I said with a snarl. I tried to keep it out of my voice - the fact that I couldn't only made the penguin cackle some more.

The woman frowned; she *seemed* concerned, but it only seemed that way. "Look," she said, "I know what you've been through thanks to this...fiend, behind you. You're always getting blamed for his misdeeds. But now you don't have to face any of this alone. I can help you."

"I highly doubt that. If anything, you're in league with my 'friend' behind me, and you're not fooling me. Either of you."

"And how do you think that is?"

I popped another meatball into my mouth. "You haven't touched your food at all yet. Not even a breadstick. And after all you wanted to have the lasagna? And you expect to fool me with all this mind-reading garbage?"

The woman scowled at me. I just winked back at her. "You'll have to try a lot harder than that to get me to slip up, 'darling.'"

I finished my meal in silence. The woman didn't even eat one bite. I picked up the check, of course.

The woman proved, in time, to be my latest hallucination.

But she would not be my last...nor even the most cunning.