  "Look Penguman, I'm not a super-villain. I don't want to hurt anyone, I didn't want to kill any of them, and I sure don't want to claim territory for my gang. I don't even have a gang. I barely have any friends." 

  The blue hero frowned, his ridiculously bright yellow beak covering his nose scrunching up in a way that Jim had never noticed before. Then again, seeing the superheroes on TV is one thing, having a close-up view while only his ice powers are keeping you from a fall that even if you had powers would hurt like hell is a wholly different scenario. Well, maybe if you had flight. But if you just had invulnerability, falls would still hurt, right? Or would you have immunity to pain along with that.

  "But we know you can't be a hero. Smart-Aleck was absolutely certain, you aren't a superhero. Not to mention targeting secret identities is very unheroic. And your victims just so happen to have had adjacent territories? Please. Even a child could see your plot, Mancident!"

  Jim flinched, apparently part of being a superhero was having only one volume, way too loud, and breath mints were optional. "I've told you, my name is Jim. Not 'Cleanup Crew,' not 'Coincidented Up,' and not... whatever Greeneth tried to call me. And I really am just a normal guy, nothing out of the ordinary has ever happened to- "
 
His protest were drowned out by the noise of an airhorn as several lights locked onto him and Penguman as helicopters came out of seemingly nowhere.

  "FBI! HERE TO ASSIST IN THE COLLABORATION OF TWO OF THE CITY'S FINEST HEROES HOWEVER YOU WANT JAMES!" 

"CIA! IGNORE HIM, WE KNOW THAT YOU'RE ALREADY THE GREATEST HERO IN TOWN JAMES! WE KNOW YOU DON'T NEED THAT CRACKED UP BIRDMAN'S HELP."

  Jim groaned as he realized that the spy agencies were back again. And he had gotten them both to promise they weren't bugging him anymore, too.

"Hero? Fools! This man is no member of the Shining Legion Of Truth and Honor!" barked out the hero who Jim was suddenly afraid wasn't paying all that much attention to maintaining the platform that was the only thing keeping him from life or death.

"Listen, Penguman, can I have this conversation on the rootftop with you? You don't need to hold me up here, I wasn't trying to fight you, I just wanted your autograph." Jim pleaded as the man ranted up at the two agents about how this was all part of Jim's plan to rule the city. He hadn't meant to kill any of the villains, they truly had been accidents. First, he was just trying to give the guy a tissue. How was he supposed to know that his fatal weakness was apparently Kleenex? And how was he supposed to know that Darkstar would be coming around the corner just as he was finishing sweeping the aisle? The store was supposed to be closed, damnit, and what kind of weakness is a broom anyways? And when Flaming Death tried to kill him in retaliation, he'd only thrown the plunger at him as a distraction so he could run away. He was only a janitor for crying out loud, why can't Penguman and all the others see that if he was actually a super-villain he wouldn't be trying to get back his minimum wage job at a failing office supply chain. 
  Not that the FBI or CIA were any better, of course, they kept following him around and offering him positions in their anti-supervillain squads as well as competing with each other in trying to suck up to him to keep him away from their rival. He'd been flattered at first when a trained FBI agent said he had shown expert reflexes and a sharp tactical mind, but when the CIA agent had interjected with saying he had an excellent build and a better brain to go with it when Jim was 6'3" but about 170 pounds with the muscle of a 5-year-old, he had realized they were just doing it because they thought he had powers. And now matter how many times he told them that he didn't have powers, the agents would just laugh, and agree while winking at him and then going straight back to trying to butter him up. 

The shouting match between Penguman and the agents was growing louder, as they accused him of just being jealous while he complained that they were idiots who couldn't see the truth. Personally, Jim agreed with Penguman more, but thought his words also applied to himself. Thankfully, the hero was still paying enough attention that the platform was being maintained, although it was drifting closer to the rooftop now. Jim saw his opportunity and jumped off of it onto the much more stable surface, but he couldn't help but recoil a bit as it turned out Penguman's breath is even worse from up close. He reached into a pocket and pulled out a tin of Altoids, tapping the hero on the shoulder from behind mid-rant, unwrapping one of the mints for him and calling out "Listen, no offense, but your breath doesn't exactly smell great, and if you're gonna make me have this conversation with you, the least you can do is take a mint."

The hero froze mid-breath and whirled around before suddenly collapsing, holding his throat and choking. 

"What the hell!" Jim yelled, dropping the mint and hurriedly stepping back. "It's not me, I swear, it's not," he frantically denied, but it was too late, the great hero had already collapsed and didn't appear to be breathing. Turning his gaze to the agents who had both stopped yelling out their praises to his glory in favor of staring at the body in shock themselves, he pleaded "Oh god, I didn't even touch him. It wasn't me! Please, don't send me to jail. It must have been someone else."

"Huh," the CIA agent said, putting his hand over his ear. "It turns out that his fatal weakness was exposure to mint, just the very presence of the stuff in the open air was like poison to him. But it turns out that he was actually a serial child killer who dabbled in torturing puppies on the weekend. Goddamnit you've done it again Cleanup! 

"Of course he did!" shouted the FBI agent as Jim stared in disbelief. "And I just got word that the platform of ice Penguman was holding up fell to the sidewalk and killed the notorious murderer Touch-Kill-Man! We'll get you that medal for sure double C!"

The last bit of what the man said registered to Jim through the shock. "Medal? But I've killed 5 people! I killed a man who's saved countless lives! And how could you possibly know he's a serial killer but not have done anything about it before?"

"But we did do something, we brought him to you so you could take him out!" crowed the FBIA's man, prompting an argument about which agency had actually brought Pengu to Jim. But Jim was far past caring. He didn't deserve a medal, and he couldn't damn take any more of being stalked by the CIA and FBI. He was just a screwup who killed a true hero, whatever they said he actually was. 

"Look, you think I'm some kind of hero? Then watch this!" he yelled as he turned and jumped off of the rooftop, to sweet death where the world would actually make sense again and he wasn't some kind of murderer, and at least when he hit the ground nobody would be there to claim he's a her- his thoughts were interrupted as he crashed into something which promptly exploded around him in a spray of what to his horror appeared to be blood. 

"Look mommy, it's Mr. Cleanup Crew! He killed the bad guy Momentman!" he faintly heard a little girl squeal. 

"W-w-what?" he managed to stutter out.

"Well, Momentman was threatening us and trying to protect the body of his villain buddy who died from that ice a second ago, and then you came outta the sky and hit him. Guess his power to steal your momentum ended up killing him, since he took the full force of whatever fall you were having was. Genius man!" a young teenager explained.

"......... I fucking give up." 

