There were over 20 Albert Einsteins' in my graduating class, 14 Thomas Alva Edisons, 27 Marie Skłodowska Curies, 10 Mary Wollstonecraft Shelleys, 5 Hedwig Eva Maria Kieslers, and 3 Donald John Trumps (They weren't the brightest but they could tell a  hell of story and could rope almost anyone into their impassioned speeches). All the same names, all the same shared knowledge. I've heard horror stories of some of them, named outside their possible intelligence. Those were euthanized, a mercy killing as what all that knowledge did without the capability to understand was brutal. 

My parents were different. They got to feel what it was like, to instantly know what everyone else by their name knew very suddenly, on the 10th of March, 2019, the Day of The Suicides, where the Earth lost half its population to suicide overnight. They were literature geeks before, so having so many books spoiled at once devasted them and only their love for each other kept them from suicide. It was their literature knowledge nonetheless which shaped my name. I know the reason they named me it: so I could have secrets, grow as a person without everyone judging me the second I did something wrong. After all, innocent until proven guilty no longer applies, when everyone knows your crime immediately. 

I had a friend once, an Albert Einstein, who took a candy bar from a convenience store. Every other Albert Einstein instantly knew what he'd done and where he was. Arrested and tried within 10 minutes. Due to the low crime rate due to the shared knowledge, even small infractions like that are heavily punished. I hear he'll be out in another 5 years, but even then, hard to find a job with a criminal record and those that do hire those with criminal records are frowned upon. 

All that is beside the point, though. My parents gave me a cursed name, one that has tormented me all my life. The sad thing is I can't tell anyone, not even them, the true meaning of the name. After all, if they knew, all the John Jacob Smiths and Hannah Alexis Davis' would know what I know. I know how to do things without having the physical capability to do them, I know the motivations of one of the darkest people to have ever lived. I know his pain. I go to my parents often, to help me through the darkest nights without getting into his mindset. They of course, do not know what I am seeking solace from. It's their courtesy not to ask. 

My name is Thomas Marvolo Riddle. I know a hundred thousand spells, many to kill, maim, or torture. I know all this, but being a Muggle cannot cast even the harmless spells. I know of the wizarding world, know I can never be a part of it, and know that an encounter with a wizard could end my life as he seeks to destroy the knowledge of this name. I know all this and cannot share the slightest bit of it. I don't blame my parents, they thought they were naming me after a character in a children's book, but the pain from my name never stops. 

Feel free to comment and other polite suggestions. Hope you like. Hope my mention of suicide is ok. If not, notify me and I will remove any references. 