There were screaming. Ear-splitting, hair raising, unabashed, screaming. I blinked my eyes open to see three—no, four *heads* looking at me in pure terror.

“Y-you can see this too, P-pernio. I-I’m not the only one who can see it, right?” I heard one of them say—I think? 

I couldn’t really tell, their mouths seemed to be perpetually open. In shock, maybe? I didn’t really want to know. But their voices, their voices seemed to distort when they spoke and it seemed like it emanated inside my head. 

“I told you we shouldn’t have touched it!” one of them hissed. Her pitch shriller than the last. She sounded panicked. None of them moved. They stood frozen, staring at me like a deer in headlights. They were probably waiting for me to do something. Probably a small jig just to lighten up the mood. 

I wanted to laugh as I thought how they’d react. Seriously, I don’t know where my sense of humor came from. I was about to say something but then I noticed something off, I was starting to realize that I wasn’t catching three pranksters trespassing inside my house but I was somewhere else entirely. 

I stared back at the crowd in front of me. At first glance they seemed like normal, ugly looking kids I have ever seen, except one of them had an extra bulging head attached to her body. 

*Where the heck am I?*

I looked around. The whole place looked exactly like my living room but at the same time it wasn’t. Some of my stuff were there, like my old coffee stained rug, my ugly mismatched curtains, and even the stupid lamp my step-dad gave me were all there in its proper place.

But there were other items too and I knew as hell that I own them. There was a flaming, giant hour glass that had some weird red sand in it, plus the house smelled sweet and had a faint aroma of dead rats, and most of all, I don’t own a collection of shrunken heads. Although, it did look rad. I might just do that to my own living room.

I tried to think back but the last thing I remembered was deciding to watch some Netflix in the living room.

I felt my knees buckle. Whatever transpired in the last two minutes made me woozy. 

That must’ve been their cue. The minute they noticed me move they started screaming again. They dropped whatever they were holding and bolted to the bathroom.

“This is it; this is our end! Haven’t you watched any of those *miracle* shows? You know what they do to demons?”

I heard them bar the door. 

“Shut up, Chrxylia! I’m trying to think!”

“We’re doomed! I’m too young to be exorcised!”

“I said shut up! I can’t think if you keep howling like that!”

I tried to move towards them but my movements were slow and heavy, the atmosphere around me felt heavy and my voice came out like a guttural moan.
“I knew I should’ve listened to my mom. She told me this would happen if we started messing with nature!”

“Shut up, shut up, shut up! We’re all going to get reincarnated if you don’t shut up and let me think!”

The two voices started arguing, I didn’t understand what they were saying and they were giving me a headache when a new voice piped in, “I think we’re all being a little bit ridiculous!” I think he was trying to calm them down but his voice trembled, he didn’t really sound too convincing. “Humans don’t exist! Whatever we just saw out there has a simple and logical explanation. We might be having a slight fit of calmness.”

“Oh my Lucifer, will you please shut it too, Buzzklex.” The shrill one whispered. “If you seriously think that we are all having some sort of mental breakdown, then why don’t you go out and face the thing like a demon!”
“Don’t Buzzklex. You know what would happen to you, don’t you? The one who ventures out first is always the first one to go.”

“Y-you’ve just been watching a ton of *human documentaries*, Chrxylia.”

I slowly pulled myself towards them, muttering anything coherent, asking them questions and wanting to know where I was. I was scared, I was in an unfamiliar place, with teenage demons. I was close to pissing my pants but knowing that they were more afraid of me fueled whatever courage I have left. 
Everything I tried to say got muffled though, no matter how loud or how many words I say, there was that weird pitch that came out of me that only made the little demons squirm inside their hiding place. I felt myself stepped on something, it was a thin piece of cardboard with Latin etched on it. 

It looked like a demonic version of a Ouija board. I bent down to pick it up, when my foot met the hard edge of the couch next to me. 

I started muttering a few choice words when I started to notice the coin on the Ouija board moving.

I looked at it in shock. The thing was literally spelling each, exact word I was saying.

Shit. 