There wasn't much in my cell. A few wood splinters after they broke the chair against my body. A nail covered in blood  from a more recent drilling into my bones. This is mostly a normal day for me. Most of my body has been wreaked into havoc and my sanity has gone. They had gotten they information they wanted months ago, something I repeat to them daily. They just do it for fun now. 

I know i'm going to die in here. Even death says so. It happened right after my lowest point, a few days after telling them the information. 

I saw him. Or I thought I did.

My vision had gone faded as had the rest of my body.

He looked like something out of a fantasy, Black robes covering a pale body with a none descriptive face. 

At first I had thought he was a cruel joke brought by my kidnappers to end my life with.

Angel of death to sweep a final blow? I had not guessed they were religious.

But those thoughts had seeped away as I looked behind him.

Wings...

They glowed or shimmered in a aura of despair. I couldn't see the aura as much as *feel* it.

"Im guess im gonna die huh." I said, as I looked  to him.

He looked around as if surprise for a few seconds as if to confirm I was talking to him and not anyone else in the room.

"You have seen me?" He whispered, as if scared that someone else would hear.

"You here to take my soul... Right?" I whispered back.

He then proceed to look into me eyes for a good minute or two before saying back. "Not yet."

That was the first of my many conversion with the Angel of Death.

&#x200B;

I had a many more conversions with Angel. Some for information of the afterlife and some out of morbid curiosity of my own fate.

I had meet Angel on the 3rd month of my incarceration. He would speak to me everyday after a session with my kidnappers.

Every time I would always ask him "Is it time yet"

He would always reply "not today"

My nerves would calm, and then we would chat. For what else is a man in a cell to do?

&#x200B;

Today was worse then usual, They had taken most of my fingers at this point. The pain was excruciating.

I had figured my information must of turned out to be bad or had not be of any use.

They had been angry.

I had given them all the information I had, there was none left.

As I pushed into my cell and the door was locked, I saw angel again. 

I ask once again "Is it time yet."

This time there was a pause. A long pause.

I knew it was time.

I had nothing left, the kidnappers knew it.

It was time.

&#x200B;

"is it gonna be painful?" I asked hoping the answer was no.

"Yes." I answered back.

"Oh" I said, not getting the answered I was expecting.

I laid back onto the stonewalls of my cell, thinking.

A burst of emotions swirled into my head, Anger. Sadness. Fear. Then, Apathy.

I had been ready for this for a long time. Longer then a lot of people have.

People die all the time.

&#x200B;

I heard a flurry of noises coming towards the cell.

Must have been the them.

Execution if I was to guess.

I look at Angel for the last time.

"I guess this is it." 

"I'm not thankful for much but I did love our chats" I said with somewhat of a smile.

&#x200B;

I had accepted it. I closed my eyes waiting for the cell to open.

Seconds turned into minutes. And yet the sound of the doors had never occurred.

"Maybe they were for someone el.." I started to say as I opened my eyes.

I saw them, the kidnappers through the openings of the cell door.

They were frozen stiff in a middle of a walk.

One had rope and was lugging it behind him.

Another was talking to him, pointing to me.

&#x200B;

Behind them was Angel.

I knew what had happened.

"But why?" I Remarked.

"I liked chatting with you" He told me, with a small smile.

"Won't you get into trouble..." I asked, wondering what this would do to him or even the world at large.

"Most likely" He said, looking a little troubled.

"Then it would't be worth it. It is my fate, it's a destiny that was prepared for me" I said to him

He walked forward with a smile, passing the two kidnappers.

He was then in front of me. It was as if he another person. The cloths were the same and his face was still the same shape and paleness and yet, it had changed. He seemed more *real.*

He put his hand onto my shoulder. 

He then said to me  "Fuck destiny. I'm getting you out of here."

Then we were gone.