"So what's the deal with the penguin?"

I turn to look at her, fighting to keep my shock from showing. Did she just say penguin? The one that only I can see? The one that's only there because I have a weird pea growing in my brain?

"Sorry, but did you just say something about a penguin?"

She nervously pointed a shaking finger behind me and whispered, "I don't know how I didn't notice it before, but there's literally a six foot tall penguin hiding in that alleyway staring at me and *I don't know how no one else has seen it yet*."

My god. Oh my god. "You're completely serious? You see it? Because if you see it, then that means you're crazy. Because the only reason I can see it is because *I'm* crazy."

She quickly nods her head yes. "You don't...you don't think there's something else going on, do you? Because if only I...and you, can see it, then we're special aren't we? Oh, I don't know what to do!" 

She gives me a pitiful glance, and I knew I would have to take charge. "Look, we'll just pay for the food and go after it. Their kind has to have some answers, some reason for hiding from us, some cause why the government is covering this up." And after that, we'd undoubtedly run into some other troubles we would have to deal with. Maybe we could even run away together...

She pulled out her purse and tossed some cash onto the counter before grabbing my hand and tugging me along out of the restaurant. Her hand was so soft, and oh my was this so exhilarating--

"Sir? Excuse me, but you can't leave without paying for your food."

What was this fool talking about? Me not paying for food? How dare he? As if he couldn't see the money on the table. "If you'd care to take a look, you'd see that this fine lady here has already laid down the appropriate monetary compensation upon the counter on which we were eating. Now, if you'll excuse me..."

this idiot waiter grabs my hand and stops me from leaving with my beloved. he reaches down with his filthy hands too grab at my lucky power bracelet and i see him hungrily staaring at it with his eyes "Oh...I see. Of course, sir, my mistake, I wasn't aware that you were--Ah, why don't you take a seat, and I'll go talk to my manager right away?"

hiss at him and I say "Monica and I have very important business ot get to so if you'll excuse us"

the waiter lets go and swallows and says "I'm sorry, sir, but I'm afraid there's no missus here..."

 