The Box

Everyone calls it the Box.  Officially it’s the H.U.B. Detention Server.  It was named after the guy that invented it.  Herman U-something Bidwell.  It didn’t really matter though because everyone just called it the Box.  And if you were a bad enough dude or dudette, you found yourself its permanent guest.

Marcell had seen it and it wasn’t really a box of course.  It was a small room of server stacks that looked like any others you might see in a government building or even in a business.  The main difference being that these computers didn’t hold financial information or crunch Federal Income Tax numbers or even track drone shipments of the latest convenience gizmos that helped the Smiths keep up with the Joneses.  

No, the Box held the digital distillations of people’s personalities.  Human souls expressed in 1’s and 0’s arranged in all their algorithmic glory so the dangerous bodies that originally housed them could be disposed of safely.  Humanely, they said.  Everything that made a person feel like a person; personality, memories, desires and that indefinable sense of self, all compressed down into easy to store code.  All of them living together in a virtual world.  Hell on Earth in the form of solid state silicon and kept at a steady 20 degrees Celsius.

Marcell had put more than a few folks in the Box himself over the years and had been pretty successful at never thinking about them again which was easy enough, usually.  You see, the Box had another nickname.  The Roach Motel.  No one ever came back out of the H.U.B.  There was no parol.  No visitation.  Not even yard time.
The DOJ wonks could tell you what it should be like inside but no one on the outside really knew what it was actually like to be in it.  But that was about to change.

After years of smooth operation (and really, who was in a position to complain about its operation), the Box was on the fritz.  It was like a virus they said, but not exactly.  It wasn’t eating up the information or rewriting the code or anything, but it was changing things.  It made the techs nervous and when the wonks got nervous, they made the big wigs nervous.  And when the wigs got nervous, it’s everyone else’s job to be nervous too.  Just the natural order of things, Marcell knew.

It all went on the blink when the last bad dude, a real piece of work named Lewis Faison, got uploaded.  And Faison had been busted by none other than Deputy U.S. Marshal Patrick Marcell himself.
  
And Pat Marcell was going in the Box to find out what the slippery bastard was up to.
