I worked in the North Tower as a personal assistant and slave-about-town for a Miss Ellaina Barr. She was a heavy-set woman with the make-up skills of bat covered in eyeshadow and thrown at a face. 

In 1999 she was edgy, white hair drove to madness, spiked in all directions. She looked, and acted, like a sea-witch given legs. When she was not around, or I was given the rare day off, I called her Ursula. 

It helped me feel like I was in control. Especially when she would holler at me, "I am a very busy woman, Krista, and I haven't got all day." 

On the day in question, I was supposed to have it off. I had taken Momo, my dog, for a walk downtown. We were hoping to catch up with my boyfriend Mike after he finished his shift. He was delivering letters to someone in the South Tower, getting a package from another floor, and heading back towards the park to deliver them. 

He promised he would be done by two after he zipped over to see his Mom at their restaurant. Two. Two P.M. He was never late. I was never late. Yet... It happens. I suppose. It happens when you slip through the cracks. 

We were going to meet in front of the North Tower. 

Dragging my dog with me, I went up to Ursula's office to see if she had my check. She didn't. But she had a thousand things to tell me while I gathered up the sweater I had forgotten and took some paperwork. 

She demanded I stay for an hour to finish up work while she got dinner. I told her no. I wasn't here to work. This led to her yelling at me and saying I was ungrateful for her help. I was going to end up another useless twit with a useless degree and nothing going for her. 

"This isn't the nineties," Ursula said. Her neck seemed to constrict on the words, like a snake swallowing a whole pig. "Girls like you are a dime a dozen." 

I am not sure what fled from me, my sense or my ability to take her bullshit anymore. It was like heavy drops of rain down my back. 

"I quit. This is bullshit. I am sick of this *fucking* abuse. Consider this my two second notice, *Ursula.*" 

I left the office, dog in hand, not caring about the stupid plant at my cubicle. I didn't have anything personal there. Ursula hated people having "clutter" so I was allowed what she wanted on my desk. 

A quote about working hard in a paisley frame. A plant. Some little ceramic kitten. All tacky bullshit I didn't give a shit about. Never had, never would. 

Momo seemed to understand I was in a hurry. I got into the elevator and began to cry. I didn't know what had inspired my descent from employed wage-slave to freedom... but I wasn't too upset. That was such a heavy feeling, knowing you were never going to see someone again. 

Ursula, the bitter bitch, could jump off a cliff for all I cared. 

I pushed the lobby button, checked my watch, and smile. Really smile. It was a future I could handle, I thought. 

I let go of Momo's leash while I put on my sweater. The weather had become rather cold. Adjusting my messenger bag to one shoulder, I slipped on the baggy white cardigan. 

Switching to the other side, I did the same. 

That's when I began to smell the fire. There was a jolt. Momo began to bark and suddenly everything went dark in the elevator. 

I don't know how long I stood there, really.

Years. 

And that was never... had never... It was not an exaggeration.

xxx

According to my sister, I was listed as dead after a three day search of the rubble for my body. I got a nice picture in the paper back in California, with my funeral turning out to be a rather bland affair. 

High school friends showed up to look at the empty box. Someone joked I was late to my own funeral. The speeches given about me talked about my leaving the faith and coming back, about how it was a shame for someone so young to die like that. 

I was 21 in 2001. I would have turned 22 in November of that year. And yet, my face still looks the same. Hell, my dog is probably one of the oldest of her kind. 

But we don't talk about it, really. We don't mention my dog and I was... who knows what happened? It feels a bit like Doctor Who, traveling through time in an elevator. 

But that seemed to be what happened. I entered the elevator right before the plane hit the North Tower. Right before they fell. 

I should have been dead. Yet here I was, sitting in my old bedroom, wishing I could explain how I ended up in a lobby for a totally different building, almost three blocks away from the North Tower, still dressed as I had walked out of a Tommy Hilfiger magazine.



