"Buy or die." Those words from my mother formed the basics of my training in the game of Monopoly. Young me always thought it was just her way of telling me to seize control of the board or lose. Older me, is not so naive anymore.

My mother's family were very bloodthirsty when playing board games. Battle chess, a "killer" Uno variant, frequent games of Stop Thief were quite common at family get togethers. 

However, one thing that struck me as odd was the fact that my Grandfather owned two copies of Monopoly. One copy was one that you could pick up at a retail store, though this one had the play money that actually forced you to count. The other was in a wooden box with a delicate golden clasp keeping it closed.

I remember when I was in my grandfather's study, standing on a leather chair as I reached for the wooden Monopoly box. He gave me the spanking of my life and warned me, "Only play that version of the game against people with money, or power. Never play it with the family." I took those words to heart, never entering that room until he passed 20 years later.

My brother, cousins and I were helping my aunts, uncles and parents sort through all of his stuff when I heard a noise come from the study. Soon after, my brother yelled, "Hey Tom! Want to play a game of Monopoly for old time's sake?" 

My grandfather's warning came to me and I rushed into the room and yelled, "No, don't!" My cousins and brother looked up to me, but it was too late. A bright green light consumed us and the next thing we knew, we were all seated behind desks in an old fashioned office. In the middle of the four of us was a large monopoly board with pieces that looked like us.

Focusing on the familiar object, my mind fell back into my training. As the hours passed, my control of the board grew with a complete lockdown of the reds, oranges and 3 railroads. Soon, one cousin fell to me, her body consumed by a black mist before she disappeared. Her holdings soon appeared on my desk.

Then my next cousin fell in a similar manner, leaving only my brother and I in the game. My chair's back is currently turned towards him as I am facing away. The only sounds in this room are his weeping. He had terrible luck and landed on my Marvin Gardens with a hotel.

"Please Tom! It is the remaining two green properties, you will have another monopoly!" He stifled another sob as he continued to plead, "Just, let me live a little longer!"

I sighed and shook my head, petting a Yorkshire Terrier that had materialized and sat on my lap. This game was unfortunate, but my brother failed to listen to the words of my mother. I turned to face him and said coldly, "Buy or die, brother. Now, pay your rent or declare bankruptcy. "