**A Right Kind of Light**


It wasn’t right, it was never right.
Atop the summit’s height, my telescoped looking far beyond; the heavens before my very eyes.

It wasn’t right, it’s not right!
The lights, the color, the sense and the spirit they were all wrong!

None could see what I see here in this putrid place, corrupted and vile they filled their homes and cities with all man’s envy for that above; they copied it, then they replaced it.
Yet I’ve seen true; what wonderful things, truly wonderful, all seen serene high above.

There as a boy, upon moonlight hillock far beyond civility I saw it.
My dream. A dream to bring this to all who could not see, blind to that merely hidden above.
I would remove the shroud, give them sight, that I intended.

So I begin my final step now. To return sight to all, bring about the wonder of the universe beyond. The heavens so bright, so beautiful... 
The only light we’ll ever need.

How I’ve strained over the years, the setting sun all that remains to fall.
How I’ve anguished, suffered I spoke out, most a soul without a care or whim they could not see.

They had not seen, not all that I see no… They were blind; but I will change that here tonight, show them exactly what it means to see…

But not all were like them, blind and ignorant, knowing not the beauty of all that could be seen above no… There were others as me, drawn my suffering they came to my call; where there was one now there is many.

But not enough, never enough… Not until they see what I see no… Not enough, not enough yet…

I bring them a new realm, a god from above I take their envy and their pride and make them humble!
To bow in it’s majesty, to realize just how small we truly are!

From Higgins to Harry Allen, the true seeing await the dusk’s fall. Man’s envy of the light above to explode in a storm of triviality; their power’s homes to vanish in an instant.

From Creech to Nellis we already control, the armament of man at our behest. The sky our own, their once jets deployed at our command, the land our own, heavy tracks and arms borne ready to protect our new realm to come.

Here I stand before Hoover, the greatest instrument of their resistance secured at my whim I stand above it my eyes to the heavens.
Change placed, charges set and ready spanning all man’s creations length. All I need is to hold the trigger prepared; I push us into a new age, a domain of our own. The heavens own.
I press the trigger knowing that to come.

To give sight to all The Meadows, the City of Sin to sin no longer; they are subject to the heavens above.

And this way it will stay, man’s envy never to return this we intend, this we will see true.
Or die trying, beneath the most glorious lights above. The sight of the stars I return to man at the flick of single switch.

The night sky to be seen once more.
So I begin at last, the final step of my journey.
The starry night finally be just right.
