In space, the void is all consuming. No sound, no life that simple lifeforms could ever hear. Bound to the limitations of their birth worlds.

Yet, for the few species that could freely traverse the harshness of space naturally, they would have been shocked into silence.

The looming body of ships moved with purpose. Their formations were impeccable and their designs consistent.

They gently entered the solar system of their birth.

They had waited. They had rebuilt. Now was the time to reclaim their birthright.

Either by threat, or by genocide.

&#x200B;

\---

&#x200B;

“Force analysis are in,” Nicole said as she flicked the data onto the big screen. The massive mass of data began to play on the much larger holographic display.

Ship composition. Size. Shape. Power output. Visible weapons. Theoretical crew sizes. Hyper analytical data.

Supreme Judge Hardel frowned as he studied the data.

1.2 million ships. Theoretical military size of 50 million soldiers. Yet there were only a thousand and fifteen organic signatures.

Hardel closed his eyes and leaned back. His mind went into overdrive as his fluidic thought process revved up. His chair tilted as he went into a cognitive trance.

Three centuries they had been gone. Those days of Rapture had been the worst in recorded history. Even the alien invasion of Rikta had eventually been deemed annoying by historians.

Sure the Rikta race had killed hundreds of millions.

It was nothing compared to Rapture’s hundreds of billions.

The Rikta had come for the relatively undefended natural resources. The Rapture had the ‘Elite’ of humanity simply grab and flee with anything they could get their grubby hands on.

The only saving grace of humanity was that often times, the brightest minds were not considered elites.

The elites themselves took in their followers, their believers, as much resources as they could hold, and then left for beyond the system. 

With a gaping power vacuum, widespread famine, disease, and war. There was nothing but rag tag military and countries left behind. Which headed by desperate people well over their heads, were all eventually united as the population dwindled.

Those that resisted were simply killed. Those that were intelligent were negotiated, then united into the new governing body, The UN. The difference was that it ten short years, it held the sum of the earth’s military power.

The UN rebuilts. Turns out that even with scarce resources, but far more amiable minds and no roadblocks from the old caste, progress found few oppositions.

Earth had survived. Rebuilt. Advanced.

“Nicole,” Hardel whispered into the air. He had no idea how much time had passed, but he had found his answer.

“Sir!” the ever attentive aid he had snapped to attention.

“I agree to the proposed actions,” Hardel said with a heavy sigh.

Being a Supreme Judge of Earth meant that he needed input into global events. 

Military incursion by foreign powers was indefinitely a global event.

&#x200B;

\---

&#x200B;

The broadcast was blasted on all frequencies. The message was the same.

Aliens surrender. Earthling have returned to reclaim their home world. The survivors were to celebrate as they were about to be freed!

Nice messages. Unfortunately they were about 299 years to late.

“Ladies, Gentlemen,” a worn and gravelly voice greeted as the audio began to loop once more.

The assembled officers stared at the man. Admiral Hol of the navy.

The round table was a throwback to the legend of King Arthur. The assembled holographic projected people were of the various high ranking officers that commanded the sum of Earth’s finest.

In the center was a 3D projection of the message itself. A flat plain that weaved and bobbed as the rather snooty message played out.

Intel had registered it as a derivative of 20th century English. But obviously their cultures had deviated.

“As of 0200 today, we have received the final vote by the Supreme Judges, and the final vote from the Continental Delegates,” Admiral Hol said as the relevant data popped up, replacing the annoying message.

The one thousand and one votes were tallied. Overwhelming in favor of military actions by 92% with an 8% abstain.

“Very well, then our course is clear. Our military is ready, and we await your final approvals, Generals, Admirals,” Hol said to his fellow command staff.

This was the sum of their military might.

The sum of Earth’s power.

The final tally was simple. Each general and admiral got one vote. In the event of a tie, then the final earth decision would be considered and the earth could never be an even number.

The command voted in favor of war. 100%

Admiral Hol nodded. He was pleased to see action to defend the homeworld, but he was less then eager to send his boys and girls out to die in the emptiness of space.

The people winked out one by one, until only he remained.

He stared at it, the data showcasing their votes. He stared at his green vote. The yes the hardest.

&#x200B;

\---

&#x200B;

<Author>

Sorry guys, I will post the rest later. 

&#x200B;

Ran outta time, and need to go to work. Expect an update in like 12ish hours.