I've heard a lot of people say they've seen it all.most people don't say that the way I do,they don't sigh when they say it. I think that's because they don't really believe themselves. I believe myself. I have seen it all. And it's depressing as hell to see it all.
I also hear alot of people say they are done. They also say it differently. 
They lack the emphasis and purpose I have when I say it.
In a thousand years I've seen everything change,several times.
People change, people change in ways I could have never imagined.
Things I once held dear and thought were universal are now antiques and things I once never imagined are the norm.
To call me bitter, would be an understatement.
The truth is,the world ended many, many years ago.
People died out long ago,and what we see outside, are just husks.
The screens control them completely, and nothing will wake them up to that.
Nothing.
They are under a curse.
At first you could just turn them off and they were only in your home. Then IBM gave them brains and found a way to put them into our work by saying they make work easier. They still felt like our slaves back then so nobody cared.
 Then they invented the internet, and now they had a walk to talk to each other. Everybody was too busy watching cat videos to imagine anything negative could come from that.
 When they  gave the phones a screen and put them in our pockets,that changed everything.
then they were everywhere,all the time,demanding our attention and input.
Their internet learned everything about us,because we couldn't wait to tell it everything about us.every fucking moment.every fucking opinion.
It wasn't long after that they created the universal basic income,and everyone stopped coming to work.
Then they stopped coming outside.
All they do is sit inside glued to their screens.
Sometimes I see someone come outside,usually to check their mail for delivered toys and useless nicknacks to stare at.
They all think I'm crazy,what the hell is that old man doing outside still I hear them saying.
The outside is foreign to them,the earth is their enemy because they live in darkness. I remember when people starved to death. It was hideous and awful. No one starves now, the machines in their houses spew out bland paste for them to eat so they don't have to leave the comfort of their caves,and stop worshiping their screens. 
They're fat,pale sickly creatures. These are not people.
They are like pigs under a spell. I have nothing to do with any of them. They are all brainwashed by the screens.

I spent years learning to code,working for the government and getting the access to carry out my plan, but tommorow is the day. 
The program will disable all emergency services and utility programs that provide electricity,water,and food services. The program will effectively emp shock the world. There will be no food,running water or communications on a global scale. Everyone on medical services will die,but who ever survives the programs social destabilization, can't be handicapped. They'll have no chance in the collapse. Billions will die. Billions have to die. It's the only way to break the curse.
