Ha! It’s like Enchanted<3 Alrighty let’s do it:

I immediately knew something was wrong when I stretched my arm out for the humming birds to come sing their usual sweet wake up tune. No birds. Strike one.

My bed didn’t feel like clouds of cotton candy nor did my blanket feel like brand new silk. This had to be some hundred year old quilt with two hundred year old sheets that were more of ill-chosen accessories rather than actual blankets since I was freezing. Strike two.

Wherever I was didn’t smell like fresh baked lavender breakfast scones with lemon zest and honey. It smelled like.. dust? And old age? Strike three.

Alright. Something is wrong. Something is very wrong, and I really don’t want to take off my sleeping mask (thank God that it was still there) and be pissed off first thing in the morning. Who wants extra bags under their eyes from the stress? Not me.

So I’ll just roll over and get a couple more minutes of well-deserved rest and hopefully everything will be normal when I wake up!..

And that’s when the fucking rooster crowed.

I ripped off my sleeping mask, rather violently actually, taking some strands of my hair with it but the pain of their absence was nothing compared to the frightful and pitiful sight in front me. Dear Lord, I’m not in OZ ANYMORE?!?!

As if by instinct, I began to scream, no, shriek in terror.

“Now who the hell is in my home this early in the morning causing so much fuss..!” An old man in underwear carrying a gun comes rushing into the bedroom. He looks oddly familiar.. I feel a rush of true realization of my predicament.

“Dorothy?!” His shotgun drops to the ground, and he follows shortly after. Oh my goodness, it’s Uncle Henry. I really hope that was just a fainting spell and not death.

An frightened old woman runs in and almost trips over the crumpled statue of Uncle Henry.

“Auntie.. Em..?” I somehow get out through my hyperventilating.

“Dorothy!” Auntie Em rushes toward me with a bear hug filled with confusion yet gratefulness. I can’t help but sob and hug back.

“Darling.. how..? It’s been years. Look at you.. how did you..? Where have you been?” She chose her questions carefully in the moment, bustling through tear soaked words and vaulted up memories.

Dorothy. I hadn’t been called that in so long. I hadn’t seen these two in so long. I hadn’t been in this home in so long. Ive been wrapped up in the accelerated luxury of Oz for such a long time that the grinding halt of the presence of what I’ve left behind feels like a crash beyond repair. Is this what an identity crisis feels like?

“Auntie Em, I have no idea what is going on. I was in Oz, life was great, I was given power, the Wizard chose me as his predecessor.. I meant to come back for you both, I really did! Everything was just so busy and quick and I honestly didn’t know how! I’m just so sor-“

“Oh dear,” Auntie Em sighed and held my face with her warm hand. Her eyes were full of pity and love and understanding.

“You’ve lost your mind.”

Wait, had I? No! Everything in Oz happened. I was the new Wizard. This wasn’t my world anymore and I don’t know how I got here, but I know I can’t stay.

“No, Auntie Em, I can explain. Really. Just-“

“Come on, we’ll have to get you to the hospital, and the police department and.. will the fire department need to know at all? Sheriff Jones will have a downright heart attack when he sees you. I think we have your old clothes packed up in the basement.. you can’t go around in those green pajamas.”

Green pajamas! I sighed in relief as I looked down at my get-up. I’m not insane. Now I just need to convince Auntie Em..

“And what is this..?” She stepped slowly over to the small window where a strange piece of paper was taped to it. It was old looking and a bit torn.

“Here, I’ll read it. It looks like it’s from Oz.” I rushed over and grabbed it before she did. It was definitely from Oz since it was in written munchkin script. Great, something else to make me look like I’m absolutely out of my mind.

It read:

“Dear sister of the deceased mother of Dorothy, There has been a coup in Oz. Enjoy having your spoiled and rotten daughter of your deceased sister back. Good day. -Vertigo”

And like a flash of lightening and as quickly as a tornado can change your life not once, but twice, it all came back to me. Those bastards.

FIN.

Lol this ended up as something different from the prompt but it was fun!