The sun wasn’t visible now, only a thin band of warm hues remained over the tops of the roofs that lined the west side of the street. He wiped his brow and leaned the rake over against the side of the old house and surveyed his handiwork. ‘I’ll just move that gnome over here and I’m done,’ Ike thought to himself as he swiped his fingers to the right and turned towards the door. 

But something felt different. After decades of mundane telekinetic abuse, Ike had learned to feel the weight of his power, the subtle resistance in the air as the telekinetic line pulled taught, like swinging a long string of yarn. He glanced back, sure enough, the gnome hadn’t moved. The screen door screeched as he pulled it back, its spring stretched just enough for him to reach in and flick the main door open. ‘Weird. Guess I missed?’ He thought, not that it had ever happened before. He reached his fingers over his shoulder and, paying more attention this time, his eyes already straining against the waning twilight air, he swiped again. But the gnome sat motionless. His brow furrowed. He glanced to the rake, which sat about the same distance from him as the gnome, and with a similar stroke, it swept across the grass and bounced off the fence, landing at the stubborn ornament’s feet. 

He lets the screen door go, it’s spring yawning to a slap as it shut, and he stormed towards the crusty old gnome. ‘What the hell?’ He swiped again. Nothing. He marched forward. Swipe. The rake flew black across the yard. Swipe. The pine straw bedding of the flower bed wisked away. SWIPE. The dirt around its feet scattered in all directions, some of its pebbles skittered as far as the asphalt in the road, but the gnome didn’t budge. 

“I said go,” swipe, nothing, “over,” nothing, “there!” 

Ike was standing over the gnome now, looking down at it and his own chest as it rose and fell in anger, his arm outstretched towards the side of the house where now most of the inanimate object that made up his flower bed now laid scattered. ‘I don’t understand; I can move things twice- hell a hundred times this things weight, so long as it’s...’ 

His eyes went wide, and his breathing increased further. He stood for a long moment, as the last bit of light faded. Street lamps and porch lights slowly ticked on, but he didn’t move. When he’d finally calmed down, he slowly lifted a foot and tapped the tubby ceramic gnomes belly. It tipped, exactly how a ceramic gnome would. He tapped harder. It tipped a bit further. Taking a breath, he reared back and aimed to launch it over the fence, and kicked. Just before his foot made contact, the creature dashed to the left. It’s ankle-legs moved so fast Ike barely saw him do it, but he definitely saw it; it dodged.  But the kick was too forceful, and he had to see it through. 

Ike regained his balance, and looked around near his feet, but didn’t see anything. He looked towards the street, but it was empty. No cars. No people. Not even the crickets were chirping. He listened for tiny footsteps. Nothing. Then, from behind, he heard the squeal of the screen door just before it slapped shut. 

----
Sorry for typos, on mobile. 