In a desperate move, the CEO of Subway, Trevor Haynes, decided Subway needed to do something strange and unprecedented. Soon thereafter, Subway started producing Italian bread in a different way with a new ingredient. The ingredient was a new experimental drug which drastically increased dopamine in people for a short time. The master plan was essentially to subconsciously make each customer feel happy each time they had Subway. 

Ted Williams was pretty down on his luck and on most days felt like he was going crazy. It seemed like no matter what he did, a mysterious voice would chime in head, always saying the same thing: “zero.” He lived alone deep in the middle of nowhere and the only thing that really kept him going these days was something rather peculiar. He woke up each morning feeling excited, despite the fact that he followed the same routine day in and day out. He was excited about going to subway for lunch, and it had been like that for a little while. Something about his go-to sandwich there was really making him cheerful and enthusiastic. He didn’t understand it and didn’t really care to. All he knew was that he needed that sandwich. 

The problem with this drug is the reason it never went beyond being experimental. An infinitesimally small percentage of people it was tested on reported unfavorable results, but the results were daunting enough that it lost its practicality. The drug was cast aside until a mischievous and resourceful CEO came across it. 

Ted Williams stopped to get gas before going to get subway. He nodded at the woman next to him at the pump and said “hey” to which that mysterious voice in his head chimed in “zero” before the lady could respond with “uh, hi.” Once he was done, he headed to subway and was greeted there by the same person that was always there on tuesdays. He knew the subway employee’s schedules just as well as they knew his usual order. “Cold cut on Italian, no cheese?” “You bet,” he said.

The sandwich tasted a bit strange, almost sour but he carried on anyway. He powered through the sandwich and once he was done, he frowned. He didn’t feel a random burst of enthusiasm like usual. Instead, he felt rather sick to his stomach. Within a minute of finishing, he started to notice his arms turning a strange color. The room started spinning and he couldn’t quite seem to focus or comprehend anything. Even the voice in his head wasn’t making any sense. “5 billion,” it repeated over and over. He clutched the table and wobbled to his car. Behind him, his favorite employee Sandy yelled “you aight?” 

He somehow made it to his house and that’s when things really came to a head. His skin started to shimmer and puff out. He stumbled over to his kitchen in an attempt to get to his medicine cabinet, thinking he might be having an allergic reaction. He knocked into his gas stove, disconnecting it without knowing. Gas poured into his house as he searched his cabinet. He finally found his epipen but by then it was a bit too late for it as the house exploded. 

Some of the worst things that could’ve ever happened never happened for seemingly insignificant reasons. In this particular case, Ted Williams had contracted a fatal incredibly contagious illness that didn’t fully trigger until he was in his house by himself. It went with him in the explosion, saving billions of lives in the process. 

-the end- (I know it was super sloppy and terrible but it’s the first thing I’ve written and years and kinda didn’t know where I was going with it lol)