Creeping darkness drowned it all out. The piercing sirens, the shouting shouting, the pulsing beat of helicopters above, the smell of fire and gasoline, and the pain. The ache of bones that had spent the last 27 days on a violent, murderous rampage, the fiery holes of flesh ripped open by gunfire, and the sickening desire to hurt others was all swallowed whole by nothing but black. No sight, no sound, no feeling. Like falling face first into a pool of crude oil. Nothing to experience but brief relief.

Then grey. 

Like waking from a daydream, suddenly my focus sharpened on where I was. I wasn't surrounded by the noise and lights of armed police demanding my surrender, I wasn't holding an empty jerry can in one hands and a pistol in the other, and there wasn't the burning heat of a church ablaze behind me. I was in a world of grey. Drab, dreary grey. Not peaceful but not chaotic either. Even the air felt stale and bored. 

"Welcome to Heck, my friend."

Turning to face the voice that had greeted me, I was met by a spindly man of mild features who looked, and dressed, like a small town accountant. I hated him. 

"I'm sure you have many questions but if you'll let me complete this introduction without interruption, we'll likely get through this relatively quickly."

Before I could even attempt to speak, the Accountant pressed on ahead. 

"Welcome to your new home for the foreseeable future. Heck is a spiritual place, like Heaven, Hell and Purgatory, however you have been neither very good, very bad, nor have you done anything to warrant needing purging of your previous sins so that you may enjoy the eternal paradise of God's Kingdom."

As he spoke, I noticed that the Accountant spent very little time focusing on me, and more on simply recalling the very speech he was giving in a monotonous manner that was quick enough that he was saving time, but slow enough that he shouldn't have to repeat himself. His suit was grey, shirt was checked-grey, though his hair was jet black and slicked back. His eyes flicked across my face to ensure I was still listening, then continued.

"You have, however, been of some level of naughtiness that has meant you're not likely to be saved, but you may be spared eternal damnation in the fires of Hell. Thus, Heck is a place by which if you suffer the moderate but constant inconveniences that exist within it, you get to stay here in perpetual frustration. Still, it's supposedly better than suffering for all time." 

With a gesture to the space behind him, a grey door appeared from thin air - closed. 

"Through this door you will find the first of a possible 7 Circles of Heck, all of which present 7 Forgivable Sins that, if you fail to be humble in their presence, you will be forced closer to the centre. The centre holds the gateway to Hell, where you will be sent should you make it that far."

A second gesture and a map sparked in their from nothing. It was a city of sorts, built in a circle with high walls that separated an outer ring from the next one inwards. The map floated in front of me as I read out the names of what could be districts, named after the supposed 7 Forgivable Sins the Accountant had just mentioned; Indifference, Impatience, Inconsideration, Inflexibility, Inconsistency, Insubordinate, and Incorrigible. I'd done much worse. 

Then, for the first time, the confusion dawned on me. Why was I here? It seemed very clear now that there is both a Heaven and a Hell, that God and the Devil do exist, and (by all accounts of my last 27 hours) there should really be no dispute between which of those two I should be meeting in my death. I threw the Accountant a puzzled look and asked the only obvious question:

"Are you sure I'm meant to be here?"

His indifference shook and he looked confused himself. 

"Am I.. sure? I.. well, to be quite honest, I don't know. I don't decides who goes where. I exist as this place exists. My purpose is to welcome you here and send you on your way. If you are here, however, it would be safe for both of us to assume that you are here because you are meant to be." 

The unquestioning attitude of the Accountant annoyed me. In fact, it infuriated me in the way you ask someone a question that they should know the answer to, yet their response is simply to state "It is what it is." This either meant the he knew a lot less about this place he exists as part of, or that he knew nothing about me, my life, and what brought me here. 

"I'm not supposed to be here." I said firmly, watching as the scandal in the Accountants face rose. 

"Of course you are. You're here, not in Heaven, not Hell and not Purgatory. You are in Heck. If you weren't supposed to be here, you'd be elsewhere - get it?"

Like a snake, I reached out and cut the Accountant's voice off with a tight grip around his throat. His grey eyes bulged wide as he truly seemed to see me for the first time. His frail, thin fingers scraped at my hands and forearm, and his legs thrashed as I lifted his entire body off of the grey dirt in which he stood. His gagging and gasping filled the grey space around us as I pulled his face closer to mine. The rage I thought I'd released when the black of death had taken over burst forth like water from broken floodgates, and I seethed with anger as I spoke.

"If this is a place for dead people, then you and everyone in it can die again for all I care."

"But.. but.." the Accountant fought hard to speak through the crushing of his windpipe. "This.. not a place.. for murderers.. unforgivable sins.."

I was incensed. I thought death would free me from the blind sheep holding unquestionable faith in some false God. I hated everything about Him on Earth yet, to find out that he'd plague me in the afterlife was worse. I would have to suffer His true existence for all eternity, stuck in a place of grey annoyance, forced to suck it up like a grateful dog that should be happy it's not Hell. Well, fuck Him. 

"Then, if you should find yourself in Gods presence when you next open your eyes, tell Him to expect the dead guarding the next 7 Circles of Heck. I've already sent him dozens of burned churches full of believers from Earth. Tell him he's only going to get busier." 

Even the Accountant's last gasp was mediocre. As his body slumped to the floor, it slipped into a cloud of grey smoke and disappeared completely. I stared at the door ahead of me, unsure what to expect. The handle turned easily and the door seemed eager to usher me through to the next Circle of Heck, and as I stepped through the doorway my anger and frustration grew with what met me...