Everything started innocently enough. A few slight changes, a few subtle injections to be a better person, to play with your son more, to take better care of themselves. I had gotten very good at it. The power... I could feel its thirst even in my waking hours. This was having some sort of profound effect that I had not anticipated. People would say, "You seem... darker." They wouldn't be able to elaborate any further, despite my pressings. Deep down, I think I knew what they meant. 

I told myself as I prepared, this was going to be the last time that I do it. I mean, who am I to play big G "God?" Some mad scientist stuff going on in someone's head, completely changing the way they function -- to change someone's goals, aspirations... fears. Intoxicating. 

I shook my head to rattle the thoughts from my head. *The last time.* I told myself again. The dream that I entered was not what I was expecting. Not. At. All. 

I was in a simple room no larger than the size of a standard living room. A perfect square, completely white. Not the kind of white that you see in movies with depictions of God or of Death for the protagonist, but just a simple, white room. There was a coffee table in the middle of the room between two couches. All of these were also white. I could feel something was terribly wrong in the pit of my stomach, so I decided to leave. But I couldn't. I began to panic and claw at the walls. I tried to change things, nothing worked. I was trapped in the equivalent to a rubber room in my own head.

"Please, try and keep composed," a smooth voice spoke from behind me. I yelled, purely out of reaction and turned around to see another man was suddenly in the room with me. He was seated on the couch with a file in his hand. I couldn't make out any predominant features about him... or really, any features. Just his voice and this shape, like my eyes refused to focus on him. What I could only assume was his arm gestured to the couch across from him and he continued, "Please, take a seat. I would like to get this over with, as there seem to be a larger than normal number of you Dream Walkers popping up."

Hesitantly, I took a seat, using my good arm to balance on the cushion before lowering the rest of my weight down. My whole body shook, and I could feel the cold sweat sliding down my chest beneath my shirt. The Man seemed to have taken notice of my complete terror and leaned back into his sofa leisurely.

"Are y-you going to k-k-kill me?" I managed to stammer out. My heart was racing so fast I thought that it would explode.

The man simply shook his head and removed a small piece of paper from his coat. He placed it on the table. "Jason," he said in a reassuring tone, "I'm not here to kill you," The Man slid the paper toward me. As it left his presence, my eyes were able to focus on the letters on the page. I looked up, confused.

"You... want to hire me?"