######[](#dropcap)

Angela stared at the young girl, trying to hide the expression of pity that threatened to show on her face. The shimmering form of the ghost was that of a girl no older than fourteen, and despite the fact that her eyes were a pale white, she was no scarier than her own fat tabby cat at home. 

"He lured me to this house and killed me," the girl whispered. "Please, you must help me." 

"Oh, I will," Angela murmured, her eyes flashing. She turned toward the cameras and brought her hands to her head, closing her eyes and shaking her head around. "Ahh! I'm getting a vision!" she shouted loudly. 

Marvin, the host, walked up, his bright blue eyes wide. "Looks like our third contestant, Angela Schlemming, is seeing something. What do you see, Angela?" 

"I see...I see...a little girl. She's wearing...a blue dress and she has strawberry blonde hair. She's wearing...a necklace." Her eyes popped open. 

A flicker of surprise crossed Marvin's face but was gone in an instant. "A necklace?" he asked, but this time Angela could hear the slight reluctance in his voice. He didn't actually want to ask her. 

"A necklace with a name on it. It says...it says..." She paused, milking the silence as the other contestants, along with the camera crew, waited with bated breath. "Jess. Her name was Jess," she finally said. 

Marvin's face paled. He brought out a handkerchief and wiped his face. "Wow, isn't that something, folks? Now, let's move on to the next contestant because we're running out of--" 

"Don't you want to know what happened to poor Jess?" Angela cut in. 

Marvin laughed nervously, adjusting the tie on his suit. "Now, Ms. Schlemming, I'm sure you have plenty to say. But we're running out of time, and we all know that ghosts aren't real." 

The director glared at him from behind the line of cameras. What the fuck was this idiot doing? 

Marvin blinked. "I mean, they could very well be real," he backtracked, swallowing. "I just meant that we can hear about Jess's murder in the next episode since we still have two contestants to get through still." 

Silence greeted his words. he looked around at everyone. "What?" he asked. But there was no force behind the question. 

Angela gazed at him coolly, folding her hands in her lap. "I never said she was murdered," she said. 

Marvin's face drained of color. "I...that was just a guess," he sputtered. But his nervousness betrayed him as he dropped the mic. Now everyone in the room was staring at him, some with expressions of horror on their face as they realized the implication. He fell to his knees, his head hitting the floor as he wrapped his hands around his head, groaning. 

Angela stood up. "How perfect," she said. "His confession has just been recorded and broadcasted live." She turned to the young girl, who stood there, her eyes focused on her murderer. Then the girl turned to her. "Thank you," she mouthed, before her body faded into a wisp. 

"No problem," Angela murmured. "All in a day's work." 

*** 

If you liked this story, I write lots of fantasy and all sorts of genres over at r/AlannaWu!