    Ironically enough, this prompt seems to describe me perfectly. I began thieving out of necessity, I lost my job and I really didn't want to live on the streets. I didn't have much saved at all, only enough for two or three more months of rent, so after about a month of blissfully lounging about, I decided I'd better figure something out to make ends meet.
   
   At first I just looked for unlocked cars, but that wasn't very fruitful and I really didn't want to go through the trouble of taking an entire radio, especially because that's just crass. I didn't want them to notice what I had borrowed, so I would always polish their dash or wash the outside of their car to distract them. I really hate washing cars so that didn't last long.
   
   The first (and only) house I ever broke into was enormous, probably 10,000+ square feet if I had to guess. They had a little mutt that I was worried would bark at me, but he didn't seem to mind me. It turns out he was a scaredy cat type of dog who didn't bark much, but he had another defense. It only took me about 10 minutes to clean up the pee, and by that time I had scoped out the kitchen and laundry room, and noticed a wallet sitting on the counter. 
   
   I found about eighty bucks in there, and figured that would suffice. As I was leaving I noticed how terribly filthy my shoes were. I must have stepped in mud on my way in, so I tried to wipe it up with a rag I found but that just wasn't working out so I had to get  the mop. Then I left. Then I remembered all the dirty dishes in the sink. If I'm, well, stealing, (I hate to call it that) I guess I should do something to make up for it, so I went back in and did the dishes. And folded the laundry. Before I knew it I had waxed the stained concrete floors and disinfected the toilets. 
   
   I couldn't stop cleaning. Everything was so dirty, and I did take $80 so I had to do a lot of sweeping and wiping and polishing and dusting to make up for it. Before I knew it the sun began to rise. I didn't realize how long I had really been there, so I started frantically putting away the cleaning supplies when I accidentally dropped the windex. It wasn't that loud because it was just a plastic bottle, so I figured I would be okay. Then I started to hear footsteps. I was freaking out. What do I do? Where can I hide? 
   
   The light flicked on, and a woman dressed in a robe screeched "Who are you?! What are you doing here!?" Shortly thereafter a man sprinted in holding a bat. I don't recall much after that, but they told me I passed out. Anyway, my girlfriend had mentioned she wanted me to meet her parents, so really I had done her a favor, but she didn't see it that way.
