I didn't know what i'd do when the batteries ran out on my phone, and had avoided thinking about that eventuality until it had crept inexorably too close to ignore. I could hear them upstairs too, even in the attic, and though it was fainter up there that didn't help, some part of me always strained to listen, to pick her out. I reasoned I could try gathering up all the things I could to stuff under door frames, line the walls, barricade myself in a little better and soundproof the place. It would give me something to do at least. I had told myself the first four days that I should keep the phone off and only use it sparingly, but my resolve had broken on this, day five. 

I'd been listening to music for the past two hours. No, not listening, not really, my head was pounding from how loudly I had set the volume, but I wasn't paying attention. Instead I was sat staring at the front door with a shotgun in my lap, headphones stretching from my ears to my phone laying on the armrest of an old wicker chair I had dragged out into the hallway, tapping the nails of one hand in uneven and unmatching rhythyms on the other armest, faking listening to the music for no audience except myself, going through the motions.

I purchased a look at the battery life, pressing a button on the phone and causing the lights to flare on, draining my reprieve away. Three percent. I saw it count down to two and futile anger at the inanimate object burst forth to the forefront of my experience, I raged silently at the light not dying quickly enough once I'd had what I needed, the seconds it took to do so were agonizing, I set the shotgun down on the floor so I could bring my knees up to my chest and hug them, before the phone finally went dark again, then I sat rocking myself back and forth in the chair. My eyes slammed shut and I started babbling to myself and and shouting whatever came to mind, because the playlist had switched to the next song and the music was taking time to get going. As the music blared into my ears again and left my words muffled to me, I stopped shouting, but mumbled to myself some more, just to keep busy, to keep thinking of things to do.

After a few moments I opened my eyes again. From my brief exposure, I knew the horde was still there, and larger than before, which settled things. My resolve had broken when I could no longer discern individuals within it as clearly, leading to me realizing that other than one I had latched onto in a strange cocktail of relief and desperation, and a few more that I had spent hours rationalizing could be interpreted the same way and consciously lying to myself in most of those cases, I was alone. The overwhelming majority were not the same, and any hope of finding more was probably futile, the ones closest to the house were the only ones I could make out if I focused even before the horde had grown in the last few hours, and that group had already been heard by me, perhaps a hundred of them, depending on where in the house I listened from, and I had listened from everywhere.

I debated whether to retreat to the attic before the phone gave its last, but couldn't bring myself to move. I decided instead to pay attention to the last few songs, since it would be the last music I'd hear for a while, I sang quietly along with them and actually felt a little better, I embraced the almost forgotten sensation of calm and allowed it to soothe me, before that sensation was harshly ripped from me as the track changed to one of my daughters favorites, the cruelty all the worse because I had begun to feel okay and then had it taken. I tore my headphones out and threw the phone at the front door, causing the screen to crack, and was immediately greeted by an infernal chorus.

Screamed warnings, howling pleas for mercy, whimpers of denial and fear, roars of anger and vitriol, and scattered few shouts of heroic defiance, voices urging others to run and calling out names meaningless to me, the horde had grown to an almost deafening proportion, each of its number repeating their cry on a loop, punctuated by the percussion of their attempts to break in, their slamming against the walls of the house, the barricades, the doors. I briefly hoped that the size and scope would make it all unintelligible to me, but she was closer than most, right in front of the door, and I honed in on her immediately, perhaps because I knew it was there, knew what to listen for, or perhaps because of something ingrained deep in me that made me more aware of my daughters voice calling for help.

Even though I willed myself not to understand the words, to surrender my comprehension and sit there in a hazy fugue as though listening to some foreign tongue, the tone, the knowledge of what she was asking, the intent, still came through as clearly as it first had, still communicated to me what she had said in her last moments before being bitten. I looked down at the shotgun on the floor for a few repetitions, then stood up and picked up the pillows from the chair and made my way to the upstairs bedroom to grab my blankets and sheets while thinking over what else in the house could help me try to soundproof the attic. I left the shotgun behind, just in case.