I am not Brandon. At least, not anymore.

After I was... removed, it all came flooding back to me. I wasn’t human. I lived beyond mortal sight, a thing of glamour and light and dreams and nightmares floating around this shiny blue marble. I remember feeling so cold, and how warm Brandon’s body - no his *soul* was. It lit up like a firework, like all mortal souls do when they got emotional, but his was inviting and loving and when I saw it, I felt a twinge of belonging.

So when I came closer to him, just a little twelve year old walking down the hall to his classes, I reached out with my wispy fingers of cotton and glamour and grabbed onto his soul, which bent like elastic and dragged me alongside him. I reached out with another hand and dug tightly, intertwining the bright soulstuff with my wispy being, and began pulling, until he and I were close enough to be embracing one another. I felt the mesh of his soulstuff recoil at first to my presence, and in the background his physical body churned in disgust at the contact.

But I held on tighter and tighter, and eventually it started warming up like it did when I first saw it, and I felt every thread of my being start to weave itself with his.

It was awkward at first, this mortal body of blood and bone and meat, but eventually I readjusted. I’ve been here for years; for his first kiss, his prom, every rejection, every success, and still his soul sparks with that warm inviting pulse when he becomes passionate. That’s what I wanted. More than anything I wanted my cold unfeeling body to shine as brightly as his did, and I got my wish, as we became greater than the sum of our parts. I’d been a ride-along in his life for the past 7 years, and remember every moment we had together.

It gets blurry at a certain point, and I reckon that must be where I got ejected. Snapping back into attention, I pull together my form; after being bisected from the whole, I was torn apart like threads, tattered at my edges, some bits missing, others replaced with bits of Brandon’s soul.

I scoured every edge of town for him, until I found him at the last place I thought I would. Church. Slinking towards him, I couldn’t get far in the building. Even if big-G God wasn’t here to stop me, the faith of these people was airtight, a wall of belief that was a lot stronger than my enfeebled form. Brandon was in the very last pew, thumbing a bible for something, and I held back a tear, or as much as you can hold back tears without tearducts. Seeing past his mortal shell, there was something next to his soul, something that projected a bright blue shell around his sunny, inviting spirit. Once I got closer I found a rosary on his person, a gift to him from someone else, because the two of us would never be found in a church.

That’s when it all came rushing back. Few could see this side of the world, except for wizards, and people about to cross over. Brandon’s great grandfather gave him that rosary when he passed. When it touched Brandon’s hand, it was like sitting next to a wind tunnel, far stronger than me, and unexpected. It seeped in the spaces between Brandon and I and pulled at every seam, loosening my grip until I was blown away.

Not this time. I swam against the current, like a fish going up a waterfall, defying the metaphysical weight of belief and edging closer and closer. My arms outstretched, I got close enough to touch the rosary, and reached my fingers of nightmares and glamour inside it. While the outside was simple and metallic, the inside was all made of faith, built like a web of memories and beliefs. When I reached inside, I swatted everything apart, like a giant destroying a chapel. I felt the pressure of belief lessen, until it faded into nothingness.

Brandon’s soul was right next to me. In my quest to destroy it’s garrison, I had forgotten how warm and inviting it was. I dipped my fingers back in, like a cat coming to snuggle with it’s owner, and my senses merge with his. Our thoughts entangled for a moment, before his soul adjusted to the weight of carrying me inside. I was whole again. Even if I wasn’t Brandon, I wasn’t going to leave him. As my body of dreams and glamour wove deeper and deeper into his soul, like a lovers embrace, I walked out of the church, and into his - my car and drove to my boyfriend’s house. We became I, and us became me. I stopped hijacking Brandon and became Brandon, never again unwoven from his tapestry. Finally, we were together.