Skyrim had been in mourning for three months. The Dragonborn was dead. Years of Civil War, dragons and apocalyptic strife gave way to decades of peace. With the dragon blood and his collected horde, the Dragonborn lived an unnaturally long life, even for a dunmer. The Dragonborn reunited Skyrim under the empire and forged an alliance strong enough to challenge The Dominion. In peace, he reigned for 200 years as High King of Skyrim, taking the title upon Queen Elisef's death without an heir.

On the last day of the final week the Dragonborn was laying in state in the Great Cathedral, all of the Daedric prince's came to collect their due. The soul of the Dragonborn was owed to them all. 

Light shone in from the spire of the cathedral, remodeled in the intervening years to include a beautiful recreation of the triumph of the Dragonborn in relief upon the spire's central dome. All the greatest battles were represented. The Triumph over Alduin, the defeat of the Volkihar vampires, the usurpation of Miraak, the Daedric Lord's tasks, the peace treaty between the Stormcloaks and the Empire and the Redemption at Illiac Bay, ending Aldmeri rule and sending the high elves back to Somerset to lick their wounds.

Azura was the first to arrive, enjoying her victory. She stood and smiled, studying the painting in relief on the dome.

"You accomplished much, little Dragonborn. You'll make an excellent champion in Moonshadow."

"Not if I have my way," Molag Bal snarled, stepping out from the shadows. "I had dominated his soul long before he ever recovered your star."

The both turned to see Sheogorath clumsily stumble-strut through the doors down to the cathedral crypts.

"Oh, I'm late for the meeting! Anyone bring any cheese? The party I just left was DEAD, I tell you! I should probably just grab a priest and the Wabbajack. Priests make the best cheese wheels."

A procession of daedric princes dropped, warped, boomed, blasted and howled their way into the proceedings. With disagreement mounting, things threatened to devolve into violence and chaos. Each prince claimed him as their own, each pointing out their artifacts arranged on and around him.

Suddenly, there was a lull in the booming din, as if they all had a momentary shudder come over them that stopped them in their tracks.

"The...dome is...glowing," observed Hermaeus Mora. The relief on the ceiling was lit up with the colors of the reflected moonlight, symbols and ephemeral shapes playing through the air. Those fragments of moonlight mixed, merged shifted and assembled themselves onto a previously empty section of the dome. In it, the Dragonborn stood in the Great Cathedral amid the kneeling Daedric princes, as moonlight shone down and ephemeral chains held them to Azura's Star.

Transfixed by the sight above, none had noticed the Dragonborn stirring.

"Welcome, Lords of Oblivion. Today, your dominion ends. The future belongs to men and mer, not capricious princes. You will serve the mortals now, or you will be destroyed."

"You're mistaken, mortal," hissed Mephala. "We own your soul, not the other way around. You are powerless against us."

"Correction, Prince of Secrets. I own your souls. There's a new secret for you."

As they bantered, Azura looked around the chamber. She could feel the Star near by, but could not see it. For the first time since she entered the cathedral, she realized that it felt *wrong.*

Interrupting Mephala's retort, Azura addressed the other Princes, "He's corrupted the Star! His soul IS the trap."

Each of the prince's tried to relinquish their claim, but each had spoken the binding words staking out a portion of his soul. Each prince had made their own prison.

Mehrunes Dagon was the first to try and strike him. As he did, Azura's Star materialized to stop the blow. The Star was always rumored to be fragile, especially when not empowered, but the force and blinding backlash of the deflected strike severed Dagon's vile hand, dropping the massive thing to the floor with a sickly wet *squick.*

Chains of blinding blue-white light appeared from the star and bound Dagon's arms and legs. Mehrunes Dagon knelt before the Dragonborn.

One by one, they tried and failed to assault or sway the Dragonborn. They each promised everything they had to avoid imprisonment. Well, except Sheogorath. He offered the Dragonborn a guitar that released butterflies when played and, briefly, addressed him as the Prince of Order. 

"It will be nice to have some rules and decorum, for a change. You have done what I could not with the Grey March. You have tamed my brothers and sisters."

Azura was the last to concede. "You've overplayed your hand, Dragonborn. We cannot be shackled forever."  


"No, you can't. However, as long as my soul remains in the Star, the ritual to bind you all will keep you chained to it. In it. The day you all can defeat my soul within is the day you'll be free. I have, however, gathered a number of Elder Scrolls that should make that very, very difficult, even for you all. Physically, I could never take you, but my soul is the soul that devoured the bane of time itself, and I imagine it is still hungry."

With a quick series of invocations, the now-chained lords were banished to Azura's Star. With the last great threat to man and mer contained for the time being, the Dragonborn set about leveraging his newfound control over the daedric spheres to build an empire the likes of which Tamriel had not seen since the days of the Ayleids.