I looked over the corpse laying on the front lawn and sighed. People like to say that nothing is certain in this world but death and taxes but I'd like to amend it that nothing is certain in this world but death, taxes, and Lizzy.

 I ran the scythe through her body rending the soul from the flesh. The specter mattialised before me looking peeved. If she had a foot it would be tapping.

"Grim! Your 5 minutes late, you old crone. Now come inside I've made sandwiches and tea." Her untethered soul drifted aggressively towards the front door of a nearby house. I stood for a moment shocked. Then shook my head and followed. After three decades of meetings with this spirit I'd decided to stop questioning her.  

"You don't have to do this Lizz." I jogged after her, my dress fluttering. She turned and looked at me baffled. 

"We've been having tea for the last 2 centuries and now your raising  complaints. Besides you work yourself to the bone and deserve some me time." We had entered the house now. It was the same as it always was different location same house. It was sort of comforting. 

Lizzy stared aggressively at the cabinet and the doors swung open. Lizzy looked over to me as I sat down.
"Lady Grey, Lady Grey?" I nodded and she pulled the tin down and started the kettle. She floated over with a plate of sandwiches. I smiled.
"Your becoming a regular poltergeist, Lizzy. Seems like only yesterday you couldn't stir a dust mote." She laughed as she drifted into the chair across the table.

"Thanks but we both know that it's been a lot longer than that." I picked up a sandwich and took a bite. She looked at me expectantly. I chewed slowly then grimiced. "Bananas, Beetroot and is that haddock. I swear the universe made you immortal just to torture me with your sandwiches." Her face fell.
"No good then?" I choked down a second bite.
"Well I wouldn't go putting it on any menus if that's what your asking. Seriously if you've got bananas just make an Elvis and call it good." She smerked at me
"You act like the sandwich world peaked with the Elvis." "That's because it did! I'm telling you the creamy peanut butter, sweet jelly and the crunch of bacon. Divinity captured between two slices of bread." The high whistle of the kettle ended my rant. Lizzy floated over and brought the kettle over. I poured myself a cuppa and let the smell of bergamot oil fill my head. I opened the sugar and added a couple of cubes to the cup. The pager on my hip started beeping. I sighed and pulled it out. Reading the message I groaned. "Lizzy I've got to go a plane crashed into a bus. All hands on deck." I downed the rest of the tea and headed back out. At the door I stopped and looked over at her spectral form. "You can see yourself to the other side right?" She nodded. I turned, mounted my grey horse and was off.  As I galloped away I shouted behind me."Thanks for the tea, Lizzy. See you next week."