"Well I guess that counts..."

The bandit with the sword looks at the rock in astonishment. 

"I really wasn't. Expecting anyone to use the other method. But, now you know."

In a hurry the bandits leave the area where they pulled the sword from and head toward the city.

Once the 3 bandits reach the city the one carrying the sword turn around and tells the other two,"So now what?"

The taller bandit looks at the one who asked the question and then looks at the shorter one of the three.

"Now I guess we sell this sword."

"Hold up," the short bandit replies.

"We just went through the work of getting this sword. Apparently the king couldn't pull it out and we managed to break the stone. How will we move forward from this turn of events?"

The other two bandits look at the short bandit with astonishment as they thought he was incapable of making any kind of intelligent remark.

All of a sudden the sword starts to vibrate and another voice says,"Now I know you guys aren't dumb. I mean it is something like 1500 B.C and what not but I guess there are some people who can use their heads instead of just brute strenght."

The bandit holding the sword lets go of it and it drops to the ground. Immediately the taller one grabs it and the bandit who dropped it gets an idea.

"Hey, so now we can say we pulled the magical sword out of the rock and now the kingdom should fall into our hands."

They nod in agreement.

Before they start heading toward the castle the short bandit halts them and decided to propose an idea.

"So I have been thinking. Why do they still keep using swords? I mean, if we went to the castle and tried to take the kingdom from the king, wouldn't he just decide to execute us?"

"Maybe we should come up with a means of force?"

"In the rock where we pulled this sword from I found a couple of bombs. They don't look like much but I bet we could blow up this whole city with these tiny things."

He brandishes the miniature nukes and each one of them take one. 

The tallest of the three says," I'll go tell the people. Is it okay if I use it?"

The sword speaks," Uh, man you guys just found out about future weaponry and all you want to do is take over a kingdom? You know there is something called mind control? You guys wouldn't even need to make use of those bombs and can use the people's brains to execute anything you want."

The three bandits take a moments pause. 

"Okay, short one, that's your job."

Once the words were uttered the short one learned how to mind control.

"Well, these assholes keep trying to make me do all the work and they keep on holding onto the sword." 

The sword explodes and they all die. The end.