I stood aghast before the dark canvas.  My god, my god. What had I done? My hands were covered in cracking black paint. There was no doubt I was guilty of the crime that towered above me.

A woman lay surrounded by a jabbering crowd at the top of the painting. Their faces were twisted into hateful broken things, pointing at her with sharp angular fingers. Towards the bottom of the painting, the crowd gradually shifted from looking at her to looking towards the world.  At the floor, they were pleading and almost kind, welcoming you into the scene. 

The woman was dead. Her body was rent open as dark clawed hands mindlessly scrambled against the wound's fearful edge. Behind the writhing mass was a single deathless eye. Ashen and askew, it peered out from the vile flesh, a diseased thing searching for some escape from its sepulchral prison. I could not imagine what ancient monster lay behinds its baleful gaze.

I had to destroy it.  I had to burn it like all the others. No one else could see what madness I unleashed during my spells. But this painting was nearly double my height. It would be difficult to drag into the yard this early in the day.  What would my neighbours think?

I stared at it. 

No, I had to burn it right away. I kicked away empty cans of black paint and tipped it over and jumped on the taunt canvas. It broke easily under my weight, and I began snapping the thin wooden frame and ball it up as best I could. I dragged in the garbage can from outside, and stuffed it inside the best I could.  My hands felt heavy and wrong, but I dragged it back outside and drizzled lighter fluid over its broken remains.  A few spent matches later, and it was alight.  

I waved cautiously to Mrs. Wilson. I could see her peering from her kitchen window through the thick black smoke that curled up from the can. She just stared at me.  Well, it would be gone before the cops could get here if she called them. I might have to pay a fine. Worth the cost of destroying what had been ripped from the blackouts.

They had been ongoing for some weeks. Artist's block had kept me from painting anything for months. I was still comfortable after my gallery show last year, but I desperately needed new work.  The pills were supposed to induce creativity, at least that's what Donovan had told me. It was opening your mind up to new worlds, he had said when he slipped then into my wine late one night.  I had woken up to an empty home and an incredible work of art that I had no memory of making.

It had been amazing the first time. It felt like cheating.  Like I could just go to sleep and wake up to work that should have taken me weeks or months to complete. By the third and fourth time I realized how little control I had over what I created. It was variations on the same scene over and over. 

Then it had started happening without taking the pills. I had burned them all.

But now I couldn't stop.  

I turned on the hose and watered down the sizzling pile of ashes. I left it there, and returned to the house. I could put it in a bag later. I didn't want to appear too anxious before my neighbours' open windows.

Instead, I walked in a daze to the kitchen. I was tired and felt stretched thin, like a single step would break whatever meagre existence I had left. I knew cereal went in the bowl, and milk went on the cereal, and the spoon was to eat, but I found myself staring at the three things on the counter instead. I shook my head.  I had to leave the house.  When was the last time I had done that?  

I couldn't remember, but before I could think better of it, I grabbed my jacket and went to the garage.  I flicked on the light, and gasped.

An old camera was on the workbench. On the far wall above my car were polaroids of each painting I had done. I shuffled over to them. I was in each one, standing next to the canvas looking frail and spent. I could see myself in the most recent one, wearing the clothes I still had on. Each canvas was nothing but black paint. Just a thick layer of black paint. How could that be?

But then, seeing them all together, I noticed the cadaverous eye was growing bigger in the woman's form. And it was seeing me.  It was staring at me, here in this garage. I could feel its remorseless focus and my hearth clenched and I knew I had to burn it all down.  I turned towards the cannister of gasoline, but I walked past it into the house. I walked back into my studio.  The can of black paint bubbled with a congealed thrashing liquid. 

I had to prepare. Pulling out another canvas, I set it up carefully and set the paint beside me. It was coming.  I had to show the world.