A ragtag clump of children trudged up the mountain path. The two figures in the lead walked hand in hand, long hair whipping in the stiff breeze that carved between the rock faces and blending into a pennant of red and black. Another three lagged just behind them, twitchy as rabbits and just as vulnerable. 
Five this time? Interesting. And there was a distinct air of cheer around them despite their obvious exhaustion and torn clothing. Curiouser and curiouser indeed. 
My fingers itched and I furled them into fists, carefully keeping my power in check. Past experience taught me that now wasn't the time to show my hand.
"Another band of them," Victor commented from behind me. 
I shrugged and turned away from the picture window. "You know what to do. Perhaps some of them can be salvaged."
Perhaps not. Too often not, but Victor would try nonetheless. 
There was one thing to be said about the current era - unlike in the past when chosen heroes were so often princes and knights, now the children they sent me were less likely to be missed. For some reason, the recent batches were all orphans of some sort. Or they were abused. Neglected. The ones who ran through the cracks of society and carved what they needed from the underbelly. It made them harder to defeat and yet I preferred the successes now to when I had to send back empty suits of armor and broken swords to grieving, presumably loving kin. 

A small, thin hand slipped into mine as I walked to the courtyard protected within the castle walls, away from the windows, away from temptation. 
"Don't worry," Minette whispered, "I think they'll all make it through."
"That so?" I squeezed her tiny hand gently. "Have you been watching through the mirrors again?"
"Yes, and I think this group is flexible enough to get through. Did you know that the three in the back are in a committed relationship now? Gotta admire them for holding a triad stable while working toward saving the world by killing the big bad. That means they'll be able to see through whatever Victor sends them, right? And Lane and Meirin are all big-sister to everyone and they'll smack sense into the rest if they need to. You'll see."
I couldn't help but smile at her faith. "Sometimes those who love the most and protect the fiercest fall the hardest."
She squeezed back, with strength enough to be considered a chide rather than reassurance. "You'll see."
Indeed I hoped I would. I was tired beyond fury, beyond exhaustion, beyond grief, of small coffins that fell into the depths of the earth with barely a sound to mark their mistaken valor.

Five glowing poufs of fluff came to me that night. They spun through the windows of my room, lavender, gold, spring green, hunter's green, and the sweetest blue.
I laughed, because Minette was right. My laughter crystallized in the air and shattered into countless glimmering shards. Joy-glitter, Minette called it, and wouldn't she be thrilled when I handed her another jarful in the morning?
"You have a choice," I told them, holding out my hand so the poufs could land in my palm. 
They trembled and vibrated, all barely tempered piss and vinegar.
"You can stay here. Learn a craft, train with a weapon, catch up on the sleep you never managed to have while fearing for your life, or spend your time cuddling babies and kittens if you like. When you're ready, you can return to the world and see how brightly you shine."
The lavender pouf bounced twice and shook. The other poufs bounced in agreement. 
"Or you can go back directly. Your choice."
They fell still, confusion thickening the air. 
I couldn't help the second, softer laugh. More glitter fell through the air and piled in small drifts on my hand. "Why would I take your memories? What good could that possibly serve? No, of course not. You will retain everything you wish to and everything you need."
The golden pouf danced up, bounded into the air, and buzzed angrily. 
I stroked a finger over her energy, straightening out the patterns so the small one wouldn't wake up with a headache. "Free will, of course. All I can do is arm you with all you're willing to learn. I cannot force humanity to my will any more than they can force the sacrifices. You'll note that *they* didn't have to get their hands dirty. Your people did all their work for them."
The green light bobbed. 
"You may have until the morning. Let Victor know if you will be staying or going at breakfast. For now, you must go. You are not yet ready to be in this realm this long."
I lifted my hand and gently blew them back out the window.
Tomorrow. Tomorrow they would make their decisions and I would see if I gained another ward or five. 
The night was for rejoicing. No coffins this cycle, no small broken bodies, and no satisfaction for the twisted ones. 
