“Mister Trump,” the man across the table drawled in an Aussie accent, “I think you have misunderstood. The Minister-General does not wish to renew NAFTA. He wants to create a new alliance, with you.”

Trump, visibly perplexed but not wishing to show it, did the only thing he could do and shrugged.

“What does that mean?” he asked, becoming more agitated.

The man in the light gray suit across from him signaled over one of the guards standing at the door. The man placed a manila file folder on the desk in front of him.

“Look, I’ll be straight with you, Minister-General Trudeau agrees with you.”

Unable to school his reaction, Trump raised his eyebrows.

“First I’ve heard of it.”

Tony Abbot attempted not to roll his eyes.

“You know how these things are Don,” he sighed, “he can’t just come out and say what he wishes. That’s not how this works anymore. But you and I are smarter than that, we know. Money makes the world go round, but a clean image keeps it from falling off its axis.”

Trump straightened his shoulders and sat up further. 

“Cut to the chase,” Trump bristled impatiently, “how badly am I getting screwed.”

The Prime Minister pushed the manila folder toward him. Trump snatched it from his grasp before it could make its full journey across the faded Louis XIV desk. 

As Trump read the file, the PM explained:
“What you’ve accomplished in the past two years is remarkable. But you have an image management problem. And I know you, you know what position this puts you in.”

Trump did not look up from the file, though he had stopped reading.

“Most of us joined for the same reason. You can’t- I can’t negotiate for anything from a position of weakness. We need a face. A squeaky clean, knight in shining armor. Someone who will tell them ‘when you’re here, you’re family’. Someone who makes them feel like there is no big bad monster in the closet. Someone who leans left and looks right.”

Trump put the folder down. 
“So, he would be head of everything.” 

“No, no, no,” the Minister cajoled, “you think I would sign this if he was in control? No. He’s a figurehead for democracy and multiculturalism and making the world a better place… need I go on?”

“I see, I see. But, that wouldn’t be a good deal for me, good for the American people.”

The Australian Prime Minister smirked and chuckled softly.
“He told me you’d say that, and he was right, I’ll give him that. Look, he may be the face, but he can do some small things for you. Things that would make your life more convenient.”

Trump attempted to school his discomfort. He shifted slightly in the chair, this time slumping a little further down.

“The probe for instance. Everyone always knew that was just theater. And, the Minister General is a reasonable man.”

Trump’s jaw hardened.

“Besides, there are other benefits. By signing this, you wouldn’t have to negotiate building contracts in individual countries- they’ll be provinces under the same protectorate. And, the Minister General wants to see trade and jobs flowing in. It would make getting construction contracts much easier. No muss, no fuss.”

At this, Trump straightened and removed a specially made Mont Blanc pen from his pocket. It had his name inscribed in gold lettering on the barrel.

“What does Russia say?” he asked as he signed on the dotted line. 

“We’ve been in talks with Vlad for a week. He’ll come around.” Abbot replied. Trump placed his pen back in his pocket, closed the manila folder and with one swift push, sent it flying across the desk to the Prime Minister. He then handed the folder to a guard who took it and left the room through the tall French doors. 
The Prime Minister of Australia and President of the United States stood up. The meeting was over. Trump extended his hand and said:
“We’ve done good work for our people today, Cabbot.”

The Prime Minister hesitated a moment at the slight, and then swept his hand into the shake. With a smile that travelled no further than the corners of his mouth he said,

“Of course.”

Tony Abbot left the office promptly after Trump’s departure and walked to through the staff hallway into the library. 

Minister General Trudeau was seated at his desk drinking a bottle of Voss Artesian water while going over the notes his writers had left him on his latest speech. Abbot paused at the doorway and waited for a moment. 

Trudeau signaled him in. 

“I don’t want to know what he said, just if he agreed.”

“He did.” Abbot retorted. Trudeau gestured for him to take a seat and then unmuted the large screen TV bracketed to the far wall. 

A BBC headline read “Breaking News: Vladimir Putin dies of stroke”.

Abbot tutted at the screen. 

“Isn’t that a shame.”

Trudeau sighed and gazed up at the screen.  

“It was their thinking that got them to this place, you know”, he sighed, the weight of the world on his shoulders. 

“C’est pour ton bien.” Abbot retorted. 

Trudeau sat back in his chair, surveyed his office and placed the file into a pile of manila folders.
Displayed on the wall behind him was the flag of Nova Canada, a white globe set against a red background and below that, a motto in gold letters reading “a mari ad usque mare”.