"She was laughing so hard, I nearly blew up in her face about the entire episode!"

Lara giggled uncontrollably. It had become our habit to Skype each other once a month to make sure that we had all of our future plans and current plans, even just the compulsive plans to each other. We had to be completely transparent, lest we destroy the planet.  Our respective governments knew about the ordeal we were going through and gave us each living accomodations and a stipend to maintain contact.  But once a month turned into once a week pretty quickly.

"Jordan, I think you are being overreacting."  She giggled again, knowing how I hated how she butched English. She would attempt to get me to start on one of many tirades to correct her english, despite her fluency as a Swede.

I smiled, flushed a bit. She was not my type, but something I could appreciate. Something out of the normal, but cute. Adorable. Like a bunny rabbit.  Jessica and I were married, so that was off the table, but it was always refreshing to know that there was someone I could talk to regularly without consequence.  


"So how's Jorge?" I asked.


Her face turned scarlet and furrowed her brows. "Jorgen. I forgot to mention it. He and I are no longer together."  


My stomach sank, something thrown into the gears. "I'm sorry to hear that, it's just that last month you two were.." I couldn't finish the sentence. She had been married to a ginger nut, gorgeous Norwegian entrepreneur making a name for himself.  He was everything you would want in a man, I thought anyways.


Lara wiped away tears. "It's fine, I'm fine. It's all going to be okay."


I tried my best not to sound patronizing.  "Lara, I can't tell you that it's great right now, and that you shouldn't be feeling sad. It's a bad place, but since knowing you I think you are strong enough to get through this. If you need to talk, I'm always here for you."


She smirked. "Why can you be here instead of Jorge."  I gave her the typical bemused look of defeat, implying 'you know why.'


She told me that she needed to go get some tissues and I nodded in acceptance. She was such a nice girl, albiet a decade younger. If I was her age without ties, I would have probably thought without my brain and ended the world, but-


"Consoling your pen pal?"  Jessica inquired.  She was standing there in her lingerie, a rose colored lace that I had bought for her on Valentines.  "I'm going to bed honey."


I stood and faced her, hands in my pockets.  I hadn't even changed clothes since work. "I'm sorry, you know that I have to do this."


Her face flushed, put her hands on her hips. "Once a month. This is the third time this month! She's engaged, fuck off with once a month duty."


"Hey, I can't help that she's needy! She's been asking for this every week, not me!"  I cried out in pain.  I tried to defend myself, but it just came out wrong. Everything came out wrong.


"Fuck you. You're sleeping downstairs."


I sat back down, my heartbeat throbbing now, my throat all red and tight.  I found myself questioning everything about that moment.  "Charles?"


I looked up at the laptop light. It was still on. God damnit. "Sorry, my wife and I have been fighting."


"Charles, it's okay. I know I'm needy. We've been talking a lot, so maybe we should stick to the original schedule."  


"I didn't mean that Lara, I'm sorry you had to hear that. That's not what I mean, that's not how I know you. Jessica, my wife... She doesn't understand *us*, you know?"


She glanced downwards, hesitantly.  "Charles, she's your wife."


"I know. Look, let's just talk next week, okay?"  I tried to keep the desperation out of my voice. She was the only person I could be completely, whole and transparent to.  The guys didn't understand me, they just talked about football and hockey, had a few barbeques.  Lara, *understood* no *understands me*.


"I think I'm out to Helsinki, but the week after I'll be here. Goodnight Charles."


"Wait-"  The call ended.  