**Santa's Empire**

“Ho ho ho!” Santa the Terrible boomed, his midriff jiggling. “Merry Christmas."

“Shit-“ whispered Melchior as he dismounted his donkey to watch the conflict below. We were on a hill overlooking an armed compound - one of the last remaining holdouts from Santa’s regime.

Watching a volley of arrows fly from a contingent of elves below, I had a strange thought.

The man’s plump belly must have made Santa appear quite jolly when paired with his once-famous rosy cheeks and a sly grin. That mental picture was hard to reconcile with the truth of the tyrant before me.

****

Santa's rosy cheeks had been the first to go.

When the missiles began firing, Santa had holed himself up in the North Pole, content to wait out this conflict as he had for millennia. His purpose was to wait until Christmas and remind the world of the generosity and hope that was at the root of the human spirit - even if we forgot those values every once in a while.

Then Rudolph died. A stray missile struck the magical creature somewhere over Russia.

We'd forgotten how close Santa had come to giving up that one foggy Christmas Eve, before he had been convinced by the red-nosed reindeer to hitch up his sleigh and brave that perilous night. Rudolph had been the symbol of hope for humanity’s symbol of hope.

With his death, Santa’s heart hardened and his love for humankind lost. So began the Elvish Empire - fueled by an endless nuclear winter and a workshop well-equipped to produce the medieval weapons the world turned to after advanced technology began to fail.

It was rumored that thirteen fallout shelters around the world had withstood both the war and Santa’s initial offensive. Parts of Australia were believed to be free as well but the leaders of the Resistance estimated that “liberation” - Santa’s euphemistic term for incorporation into his slave empire - was barely six months away.

Caspar, Melchior, and I had followed the faint signals of a crude Resistance satellite that marked this site as a haven. The leader of the Resistance was supposed to have been amassing a final defense here.

*****

“I fucking told you this was a mistake,” I hissed at Melchior.

“Balthazar's intuition does appear to have been correct” Caspar noted. Less than six meters underneath us, blood sprayed from the throat of a resistance fighter caught on the tip of an elf's pike.

“Shit,” Caspar repeated. “I know. This isn’t great.” He looked deflated.

Caspar turned his head and stared at the donkeys for a moment. Then swiveling back towards the compound, his eyes lit up. “But the leader might still be in there!"

"No. Fuck no,” I said under my breath. I began crawling backwards before Caspar grabbed my right wrist.

“And we’re going to save him!"