Have you ever experienced the sensation of someone looking straight through you when you are talking to them? As though the minute details of your thoughts are being plucked by their scouring gaze and examined, weighed against the scales of truth and bullshit? 


It's the reason I don't engage with strangers. Not small talk in grocery store lines or anything even a thank you when I buy coffee... Jesus, I don't remember the last time I bought a coffee. My life is separated from those I share the streets with because I can't stand to face the truth.

You see, when you cut into the flow of another's thought you invite reflection of your own mind into the light, whether you can see it or not. I dipped my hand into that stream once and lost more than my hand in the current. Don't get me wrong--knowing your friends' minds is natural, but it comes with time. You can't force those bonds. Can't force.... Oh God.


I had friends... I had a dog... I had, well... the vague semblance of a life I thought I wanted. But it all blew up in my face because I failed to see the signs. I failed to believe that things could be what they appeared. 


I... I...


...had a friend. Someone I *wanted* to be more than a friend. My life was never spectacular but she made it better. We took night classes together and started a study group as an excuse to drink carafe's of coffee at 10pm. I always touched her shoulder to see, I don't know, if she still realized I was there. To test if she had forgotten about me. 


She always looked. 


We...oh God... we spent the rest of the semester studying together. Sometimes in the group, sometimes just the two of us. I never stopped tapping her on the shoulder. It was our stupid, secret game. She always looked, and I always smiled. 


My life passed before my eyes when she wasn't at our study table in the library downtown. She was a lot of things to me but above all she was, to herself, always on time. Always waiting. Always there for our study group. For us. For her not to be there was alarming. I looked down the rows of books but she was nowhere. Suddenly the world went black.


*"Guess who."*


I smiled. I always smiled. 


And I turned. There she was, staring up at me, smiling. My heart pounded and I knew... I knew what this moment was. Finally, my whole life had a meaning beyond what I could think up for myself. I finally found that spark to bring me forward. 


I lightly jabbed her shoulder, and she turned her gaze towards it, softly. Like she always did. She smiled. When I opened my mouth to speak no words came out. She turned back to me and it happened; her shining eyes pierced deep into my mind, into my soul. I felt her caress my thoughts and kiss my heart. The words stuck to my mouth, but she knew what I wanted to say. She felt it too. And as she came closer to me I stooped to kiss her, and took both her shoulders in my hands.


I heard... a crack, soft like a wishbone... and a warmth on my face like the sun. My eyes were covered with roses and I felt wetness on my lips. 


I saw into her mind, and in that moment, I lost mine. 


---


*Hey folks, thanks for reading! I have a tough time focussing my thoughts and staying consistent... my writing seems to get away from me because I can't see the big picture as I write and I get sucked into the details. ALL criticism and suggestions for this piece and general writing flow is wholeheartedly welcome :)*