"You know I still never learned to whistle?"

The two friends sat opposite a small mahogany table in a cafe somewhere in Germany, each with the same beer. The sunlight shone golden through the entire village, and every single one of the residents of Dresden looked vaguely angelic if not for the two knowing what angels actually looked like.

"Never? Come to think of it, I don't think I ever did either. I spent at least half of my existence learning coin tricks." The two smiled wide, ancient grins at a couple walking along the old stone sidewalk. In the distance, a vague grumble started up.

"Never was very good at musical things anyway. Spent half my existence learning how to cheat." 

"Well, time's up for this run." One of the two checked a very, very old pocket watch. "One minute, fourteen seconds until your next guess."

"Oh, is that why I'm here? Should have known this wasn't a social visit. What gets me this time?"

The man looked around, grimly, and pointed into the sky at what looked like a flock of almost stationary birds. "This time is bad. Worse than Rome."

"Than Rome? Which time, the Cruicifixion or the decline?"

"Both."

As they spoke, the low grumble became a distant roar, as engine after engine grew into earshot and began bludgeoning the eardrums of the town. Pedestrians looked skyward, some horrified, some confused. Those that knew what was coming ran. Others, mostly natives, just stared. 

"For your sake, it might be best to just let me have this one." The man with the pocket watch had returned it and instead withdrew an even older coin, spinning it all the way across his fingers and palming it each time. "Really, this one haunts me."

"I'll take my chances" The empty handed man finished his beer, sitting up slightly and glancing at the twirling coin.

"Tails."

The man with the coin tossed it high, and caught it as it fell. He turned it over and clapped it to his forearm.

"Are you sure?"

"Tails."

As the coin was revealed, the empty handed man pursed his lips and furrowed his brow, and just before the angels of Dresden became another statistic, he swore he heard a whistle.