>Please step into your assigned pod and await activation of the cryostasis system. The system is fully automated and has had, 0 failures, for the past, 63 iterations. Please step...

The Automated message had been repeatinf on a loop for the past hour or so. At first it had been just Audible over the Hustle of folks stepping into their assigned pods, I’d been talking with Bill, the occupant of pos gamma-0144, we’d been in neighboring pods for some two iterations and had found the other to be good company in the ever tense moments just before stepping into the pod and going blank for another century so nature could recover from another 90 years of human settlement.

The great iceboxes had been the first step of the great preservation project, ten billion souls in ten billion tubes for ten decades, time enough for the scars of deforestation, soil degradation and overfishing to heal. The automated factories and farms kept some production going and fed our livestock in small herds, defrosting the rest and brining their population back up a couple years before man would walk the earth again.
For the seventh time I stepped into the tube, hooked the tubes up to the sockets on my chest and pressed the small recessed button that would close the pod and engage the cryostasis system.

>...em is fully automated and has had, 0 failures, in over...

I closed my eyes and waited for the inevitable feeling of dreamless nothing that was so typical of cryostasis sleep

>fully automated and has had, 0 failures, in over, 63, iterations. Please step into your assigned pod...

I pressed my eyes closed a bit more strongly, it was supposed to have kicked in by now, I opened my eyes.
Each pod looked like it was working fine, no one was moving and the thin layer of frost was already visible on most pods. 

>has had, 1, failure in over 63, iterations

What.

I looked around, I seemed to be the only one awake, the fucking thing has gone bust on me.
First pod to fail in nearly twelve thousand years and it was fucking mine.

Fuck.

Fuck.

FUCK.

I fumbled inside the pod, they came with a manual release, in case someone got claustrophobic waiting for the automated opening when we were woken up. I felt around until my fingers closed on it, the smooth grip was cold to the touch. I pulled it upwards and waited.

After far too many seconds a small hiss sounded and the door popped open slightly, registering me awakening it fired some uppers Into my system intended to shake of the drowsiness of a hundred years of an average heartbeat of .2 bpm, my carefully maintained calm flipped instantly to full-blown panic, I pushed open the pod and sprinted for the exit, I ran out of the cryostasis bunker and through the arrivals hall, out of the station and out of the complex, into the Oklahoma plains, behind me a claxon sounded and the complex sealed itself for the next century,  high above, the atmospheric exchange started up with slow whine, the recovery period had begun. And I was left outside, for all intents and purposes, the only human alive, Robinson Crusoe squared.

I took a deep breath and began to walk, slowly, I had all the time in the world