Nekaliah gasped quitely to himself as a bright green flame burst from the sigil on the floor, a hooded figure rising from the blazes. After a brief pause, the entity pulled back its hood, revealing a skull with green flames where eyes should rest.

"Nekaliah of Kingdom Ardash, I have chosen to sponsor you in the Kingdom Battle Royale. I am your sponsor deity, Death. While I may be technically ranked below figures like Hades and Anubis, I am the only deity whose sphere is absolute; thus, your victory is ensured," Death murmured formally and softly, yet with an air of authority and determination.

It took the young prince a moment to recall his own formalities. He quickly knelt onto his knee and bowed his head. "Thank you, Lord Death. I shall not fail you in this battle. Allow me to vanquish--"

Hysterical laughter interrupted Nekaliah's short speech, a semi-hollow rattling echoing through the chamber. Death's jaw bone was opened wide in a near comical fashion as he threw his head back. After a short period of laughter, Death shook his head and apologized. "Sorry, I can't believe you actually memorized the formal bit for me. I'm honored, don't get me wrong, but the formal bit just isn't me," he chuckled and sighed, slouching slightly.

"Okay, here's the dealio, Nekaliah. Can I call you Nekal? Anyway, I'll grant you access to a special mortal formation of my scythe; It'll change slightly based on what best suits your thoughts, skills, and situation. Just make sure the blade gets a whiff of any green smoke you see, yeah? Oh, you'll also be able to reap the dead and spark death fires, like the ones in my eye sockets. Not only that, but you can fire green blasts from the blade, directly see your opponents' souls, rapidly regenerate puncture wounds, and, in an emergency, spin the scythe around you and create what I like to call a 'death-nado'. You'll find out why when you use it," Death explained, drawing bright green symbols in the air with his fingers. "And I just explained everything in about half the time it'd take for the other deities to explain. Bozos. Anyway, close your eyes, this may hurt a tiny bit".

A tiny bit was a dramatic understatement. Sharp, searing pain flooded the prince's senses. He was still reeling from the quick explanation of everything, and was completely caught off-guard by the the airborne sigils scorching his skin.

After what seemed to be hours, Nekaliah opened his eyes. Death was still standing there, though he didn't seem to have waited long. "How you doing there, buddy? Sorry about the surprise; old habits. It was deathly quite while your soul processed those spells though. I hope you're _dying_ to try them out," Death chuckled, unable to refrain from a few puns.

Nekaliah grinned, more confident than ever. He flexed his arm sideways, and an iron scythe with a silver blade appeared in a green flash of light. "I love it. Thanks for the upgrades, Death. They're to die for".