Serena loved the dark. Many people found it full of the unknown, but she looked at it as a chance for discovery. Cave-diving started as a hobby for her, but she had always known it would end up being a bigger part of her life. She sometimes took a crew with her (rarely the same people twice) and sometimes went in alone. The only constants were the dark and herself. 

She turned to her current crew. The small lantern they were sitting around showed her faces, but she took in nothing. People are all the same and those details that she used to remember were boring. She looked at the man closest to her. 

“How long have you been doing this?” 

He looked up, shocked. Probably because this was the first thing she had said since she gave this team the briefing at the cave’s entrance. 

“I started when I was a boy. I found a tunnel in my backyard that led into a small cavern. Haven’t been able to shake the bug since!” 

He smiled at Serena, and she attempted to return the expression. The dip in the corners of his mouth told her that she hadn’t done a very good job. Why had she even asked? What was she going to do with this information? The next time she got squeezed into a tight spot, would this help her wiggle out? She returned to looking at the ground.

“Is everyone done eating? Good. Let’s go on.”

Serena didn’t eat. She sometimes got thirsty. She knew they needed to, and they helped her carry supplies into the cave, and anything that she wanted to keep back out. So she stopped to let them eat. She had finished her drink quickly, and had spent the rest of the time studying the rocks around her. Looking at the rocks was better than looking at their faces. She saw the judgement in their eyes. Like she had chosen this life.

They kept walking. Serena had read an old account of a cave opening in this area. The Mormon missionaries wrote down what they had observed and heard from the locals when they came to the island to convert them. Apparently they believed that a deity lived in the cave, and they would hear its wisdom whispered from the mouth of the cave at night. Wind and rocks. Maybe the cave had a second opening deep inside that led out to the sea. Serena had been doing this for a long time. It was never God in the cave. It was never a healing oasis. It was rocks, and sometimes water.

People spent so much time trying to explain the world they live in, but too often they chose to ignore it behind mystical stories. They missed the truly beautifully organized world Serena saw. She had already counted over twenty-five different types of crystal and sedimentary deposits, ranging in color from white quartz to rainbow crystal geodes. She heard a river flowing somewhere deeper in the cave system, its water probably stuffed with minerals from centuries of seeping through the rocks and soil to their current home. 

Serena had wandered for so long, but she still felt like she went from one cave system to the next. She had been told that some members of her crews had taken her findings back to more civilized locations, and some had even credited her as the head of these expeditions. In a way, she had a legacy. The findings always carried an asterisk though. Thanks to her…condition. Serena gave so much leeway to her crews but they never extended the same courtesies to her. She never stared. She never asked them what it was like to live a normal life. She never asked them what it felt like to cross a stream. 

They had come to a fork in the tunnels. Serena looked down both paths. She could see much farther than the rest of them, but the tunnels went past the limit of her vision. She smelled the air. Something odd was wafting from the path to her right. She signaled to the team that she was ready to move, an then she walked forward and smashed her face into a barrier.

She knew what had happened, she just hadn’t expected it to happen here. How long had this cave gone unexplored? The island it was on had one native population for all of written history, and they stayed out of here. These questions would have to wait. Now was the time for solutions. The man she had talked to earlier was approaching her.

“Miss, are you okay?”
“I’m fine, everything is fine.” 
“It looked like you hit a wall there. Is it something to do with-“
“Yes! I’ve got this.”

She stood and thought how best to tackle this. If she was close enough for this to take effect, then it knew she was here. Most likely. She decided that it was neutral at best, so she decided for bold action.

“HELLO! CAN I COME DOWN THERE?”

She heard nothing, but felt an invitation to venture further. She told her team to stay put, and walked into the tunnel. She noticed that the walls had become smoother, and that the tunnel was narrowing. It was still more than roomy enough for her, it just wasn’t the spacious cavern that the rest of the system had been. It seemed more like an entryway. 

She came up to the last thing she expected to see; a door. It was simple, but when she pushed it opened it was dark inside…or it should have been. She saw the inside well. In the middle of a small circular room sat a woman. The woman was wearing a robe, and sat cross-legged on the ground. She had her eyes closed and she was not moving. Serena decided to be polite.

“Hello. I am exploring this cave system with a small crew. Who are you?”

The woman did not speak, but took her hand and patted the ground next to her. Serena assumed she wanted her to join her meditation.

“I really don’t have time to sit. I just want-“
“You do have time. Time is all you have.”
“How did you know about-you never opened your eyes?”
“Sit.”
     
Serena sat down next to her. She stared at the wall in front of her. It was sandstone. It had been shaped out into the form of this room, but she saw no tools with which that could have been accomplished. She looked over at the woman. She seemed older, but not elderly. Her hair was light, almost white but with some blonde. Her hands seemed rough, as if they had gone through centuries of hard labor. She seemed pale, but not like Serena. 
     
“So what are we doing?”
     
Wait, why had she stopped? She could just leave and go down the other path. She needed nothing from this woman.
     
The woman spoke; “You don’t need anything. You’ve gotten past that. We took different paths to this point, but we both have arrived. When did it happen?”
     
“When did what happen?”
“When were you bitten?”
     
Serena was used to this. It was part of the briefing she gave her crews before each dive. “It was 1942. I was walking home from the store. He came out of nowhere and bit me. It was on the wrist. He grabbed my hand and bit into the wrist. People always think its the neck or nothing, but he bit my wrists. I laid down in the street as he ran away. It hurt. When my mom found me I remember the look on her face. At first she was so happy. Then she saw my skin, and my teeth, but when she saw my eyes, that was when she stopped looking happy and started looking scared. She didn’t see her little girl anymore. She just saw me…”
     
She stopped talking. She stared ahead and let the silence live. The woman turned her head to face her, but Serena didn’t look. “How did it happen for you?” 
     
The woman said, “I was never bitten.”
     
Serena looked over at the woman. She had the eyes, she had the skin, and she had the air of someone older than they should be. 
     
“What are you?”
“I’m the first. There was me, then the one that bit you, then you.”
     
Serena slapped her. As hard as she could. It was her fault. Her mother had left her there. Her father had tried to kill her. Her hometown had chased her out. All thanks to this woman, NO, this thing. 
     
The woman’s face remained unchanged. “I deserved that. Most of you who find your way here do the same or worse. So why did you come?”
     
“I explore caves. It’s what I do with my time now.”
“What do you look for in these caves?”
“I just look. I find what I can. I document. I tell the rest of the world through the crews I bring in.”
“I thought I smelled others. Why do you help them?”
“I don’t think of it as helping most of the time, I just do it. I find new crystals and mineral formations. I draw and describe them on paper. They take them back to their towns and catalogue them. I go to the next cave.”
“You realize death isn’t coming? It seems as though you are living waiting for death but that is not the way your story will end, nor mine, nor any of us.”
“So there is no way out? No cure, no end, just this?”
“There can be an end. I could end it right now, but it would be over. Is that what you want?”
“…Tell me how.”


Serena approached the team back at the fork. The man she had talked to approached her cautiously.
     
“Well? What was down there? Should we go get samples?”
     
Serena looked at him for a moment before responding: “It’s dead now. What’s your name?”
“My name is Randall.” He sad with a confused look on his face.
“Well Randall, lets take what we have, and go to the Academy. I want to get these logged, I have some pieces of the thing that was back there for them too. I’ve got a lot more to look for, and I need to find where I’m going next.”