I had to wait eighty hours for the ⛅ to charge my father's Xperia 60%. Since I became a meatspace scavenger, the white triangles had mostly been gray, too far gone from the towers of truth. --------  I could not access Clans for the check-in rituals. 

xTravis92x ban-kicked me from his clan for not keeping the time cycle of bonus fruits and free XPs but I would show them all. ------ I'd find new APKs out here, new puzzles, challenges, and skinnr boxes.  Nobody would even care about Clans anymore and those that did would join the ranks of fabled old men that still crush candy, ninja fruit, and joyride jetpacks, alone out in the dead zones. 

Maybe I'd even find a way to resurrect the $ microtransaction God beyond the shadows of Cannot Connect. Then more screens would return to us from the skies. I would return a hero.  -------

Mapapp spoke comforting lies. The elders said everything was bad signal beyond the tribal grounds. ------- We were forsaken for our failures. After the communal stoning of Boogerunderscorebrains for falling off the leaderboard, I discovered they
knew the secrets of Bluetooth, Unsecure Sources, File Managers and bootloaders. Forbidden Elder Oracle stuff.  

I told my brother. He turned me in.  ------ I escaped with  Xperia, a ⛅ charger, and Booger's Droid Turbo with a badly cracked screen. Two thirds of the screen had blackness with red and green lines of death.  He installed so many things I never knew and could barely see.

After weeks of study, and beating an exiled shaman to an inch of their life, I learned to transfer a few things to my Xperia.  Such as the mapapp and the voice of Accessibility.

Accessibility could read to me. It would only last a few hours if I sought companionship too long.  Most of the words seemed nonsense - recipes and erotic vampirs. Without login check-ins to measure time, I needed the distraction.

And so the life force needed to be replenished. While the Xperia charged, I scavenged. --------

I found a much larger version of my ⛅ capturer laid out on the ground, attached to large boxes. I followed the too thick charge cables in the dirt. ------ A open hatch. Nearby laid two mister skeletons, thank you for good calcium, with exploded 💀 bits. -----

Dried blood covered the ladder. --------- climbed down. 

Ransackrs and lootrs had pilfred the front room. A radcoon chittred at me but I dodged its eyelasers and stabbed its second heart with my Martha Stewart living blade.  It would make good bait later. 

Deepr into the vault I traveled, battling assorted radiated gamma 
squatters along the way. Deviceless sub creatures one and all. Crude candles, not a LED flash among them.  ------ Blood was good. ----
 
The hallway proved partially caved in but I seen the glow.  Should've forced the subcreatures to push the rubble before my slaughtr. 

I had missed a much older battle with a highr kill count. Bits of people everywhere. Maybe they had unlocked the 
holy hand grenade of john legend. ----

The glow came from a table pushed against the wall. The screen larger than any before seen, sixteen inches at least, covered in flying toasters. 

I touched the screen. No shocks, hard light holograms, or exploding into bits like the rest of the room.  Praise Gaben. 
But the screen did not respond. 

A nozzle protruded from the wall and beam of light smacked my 💀 . I felt a tingle followed by the euphoria of under standing how to interface.  Not that different -----

That screen first provided me expository diary writing about cargo cults, 3Dprinting 500+ year old technology and dropping it onto wasteland savages for pacification and social control, and the author's intent  to end the program by any means necessary.

It made no sound effects and had no banners of triumph. After thirty seconds without a reward, it bored me. Closed without saving.

Looking for APKs, I instead find a WIKI. Maybe that would have the Lost User Manuals, or at least new material for Accessibility. 

Time compression took its toll.  I had two hundred and seventy nine tabs open about cartoon pony reboots, had formed very strong opinions about regional sports team mascots, and still had much to learn about the manufacture of corrugated cardboard after the 2325 deforestation. 

I felt mostly withered away by the time I realized I had to retrieve the Xperia from my camp. As I turned from the screen, the mothr of the radcoon from earlier got the jump on me, before an anomaly wormholed it to centaur valley.  Such is life in the zone lol. 

Anyway, I'm bleeding out here, so I popped open the diary app and transmitted my story. A few shitty nanites that infested the room from all the exploded futuremen went for my guts but decided the foreign fauna and high radiation exposure made me a threat, so they're pretty much liquifying me from the inside. Way to go last remaining husk of 
26th century tech, making the wastelands great again. 











