"We have a human here, to help us understand. Welcome, Sheryl," the nondescript alien grumbled. They all looked and sounded exactly the same, and had the exact same garb, so I don't know who -or what- it was.

The Conglomerate were trying to figure out humanity. A confederation of what we'd call calm types, they found us both amusing and perplexing. See, they couldn't figure out why we didn't just stop fighting. Progress could be so much faster, if we just stopped! Well, according to these fuckers, anyway.

And they wanted to understand humanity. Best to ask directly, I guess. What I can't figure out is, why they pulled a somewhat below-average nobody from three centuries in the past, to explain a people I'd only ever conceptualised. To a people that were basically The Q.

The alien's rough and broken translated computer spoke again.

"Now, Sheryl, you may be wondering what we want to know."

That'd be very nice. I said nothing, hoping their calm exterior hid nothing. Who was I kidding? Everyone who wore those flat grey tunics and boring dome hats hid *something*. Usually, it was greed. 

"Why do you fight, Sheryl?"

"Excuse me?!" I fought no one, and advocated for peace. I was no fighter! Or was I? Did I fight *for peace*? If that was the case, then didn't I just contend for my own satisfaction? Or was that it? Maybe I did fight for peace, and the aliens were asking a leading question for whatever reason.

"Why, Sheryl, do you fight? You only exchange goods and services for currency of one sort or another, you have to justify your existence and the course of your life, and you establish chains of supply that can only meet your stated needs via exploitation. Why do you fight?"

"Because we're a species accustomed to scarcity. Shouldn't you be asking someone from the present? Asking me seems like asking a child why they'll... do anything!"

"How interesting. In your time, unrest is high, and uncertainty pervades your culture. Should this not be an occasion to be met by unity and conciliation?"

Did this guy (girl? thing?) expect me to go all Picard, and justify ourselves? Seems a little ironic, doesn't it? Oops- the one alien spoke again.

"Your people -humans- have been developing for quite some time. Some fighting in the beginning is expected. Industrial conflicts and revolutions are very usual, as ruling classes change from dynastic to oligarchic. But your people never stopped fighting. This is unusual, and we don't understand why. Can you explain this, Sheryl?"

Whatever answer these... beings were after, it wasn't one I'd given yet. So I'll try one more time, and then attempt to change my tack.

"We need change to grow, but we are, broadly speaking, content only when at rest and nothing changes. We are, in a nutshell, entropy."

"And can you please explain this 'entropy'?"

Fucking hell. That's like explaining why you hold a banana like a dick, or eating soup with a spoon. Are these people a Salvador Dali painting? I feel like one. What the shit.

"I'm really not very educated, so I'll just explain what I know."

I really can't use filler expressions. People take things more seriously, if you appear smarter, right? And I want to be taken seriously.

"So... entropy," I continued, "is the property of all things to... lose energy. Over time. For no reason that I know."

"Then does it not follow, to 'be at rest', as you say, all together, at once?" another rasped. That one had stayed silent. I wonder why he only spoke up now.

"Yes, but we only think of something as 'at rest', if there is literally no potential... other state."

I'm sweating bullets now. This is weird, and my anxiety is really not helping.

"So, in your opinion, why does humanity fight?" it rumbled again.

How do you answer that? Maybe someone who deals with retards could do this, but this is sounding more and more like the galaxy has Assburger's.

"How do I put this? We need to grow, but we do not unless we struggle. And we struggle amongst ourselves, because... of many reasons. Each is stupid and petty on its own, but together they push us to want better. So we fight: our own inner selves, the people emotionally or physically close to us, those who're different. That," I felt proud of myself, for understanding humanity, even as I understand that I understand nothing at all, "is why we fight."

"I see. So shouldn't we simply confine humanity to it's own system of origin?"

"No. As long as any human lives, they will want to explore every possibility. And that means we'll want out."

"Are you saying that because you have a self-interest in not being confined?"

Curses.

"No."

Murmurs would arise from a human crowd. The aliens of The Conglomerate didn't 'do dissent', so there was nothing but even breathing, from every face in the room. Fucking eerie.

"And yes," I relented.

"Then should we leave this galaxy?" a third one asked.

"No. We'd only expand to find out if we were alone. We will, quite literally, never cease our hunt for answers."

These beings were dumb as rocks, and I couldn't see it their way. Or maybe I was dumb, and my words meant nothing to them. Or maybe...

"Extermination, then?"

"Also no. We will be temporarily united in our quest for vengeance, and we will never stop, as long as it's physically possible, however improbable or chances of anything resembling agency."

Bigger words might help more? I'm at a loss.

"So that isn't a possibility. What's your suggestion, Sheryl?"

"Let us grow on our own. Let us join you, when we're all comfortable with that."

"So, you recommend us doing as we've always done, and do nothing."

"Yes."

The alien was silent for a moment, then turned back to me.

"One more question. How do you fight?"

