At my feet lay the crumpled figure of a defeated man. He looked just like anyone else on the street, a simple hoodie and jeans, but after 4 months of this torture I could see the difference. The slight bulge of elbow and knee pads, the simple shades and ballcap combo that made a face impossible to recognize, and the wristwatch. Always the wristwatch. 

I felt a perverse satisfaction at seeing the eyes of one of these assailants for the first time. They were filled with sadness and defeat. It was like winning the longest game of monopoly on the planet, all the time they’ve invested in keeping me down made entirely moot by one well placed shop window and a simple sidestep. I didn’t expect the fear in his eyes as well, but it made the schadenfreude all the greater.

After the initial ecstasy of finally winning (winning what? Had this gone on so long it was just a game to me now?) my head filled with all the questions I had yelled every day at the backs of these strangers ever since I turned 18 in June. He was stuck, frozen in shock at his loss, still in the awkward folded position he landed in like dirty laundry tossed on the bed. I felt like he would have to answer every question I had now that I have **won**. How long had he been lying on the ground? It felt like hours, the rush of adrenaline diluting time to an exten-


*Christ, finally you dodged one.*


A second burst of adrenaline as a slightly annoyed female voice shot through my head. Not through my ears, through my *head*. “What?” I dumbly said to the man yet to break from his loser’s trance. 

*Hey genius, the agent isn’t talking to you, it’s the girl in your head.*

I pressed my palms to my temples as if I could juice this second voice out of my skull. “What the fuck?” My slightly extended dumbfound expression seemed to snap the man, the ‘agent’, out of shock. He rolled to his knees as that voice intruded once again on what I thought was my only safe space left. 

*Ok, this whole dumb reaction thing is pretty funny, but we’re going to have to pick up the pace now. That man is about to shoot you for making contact with me.*

“I didn’t contact you! I didn’t do any of this!” The man rose slowly from his knees to his feet with his palms out facing me. The 115th agent opened his mouth. 

“Do not trust what they say. This is what we were trying to prevent. They are invaders in your mental space.” 

*If you could see me, I’d be rolling my eyes. He’s full of shit. You need to get out of Dodge while he’s trying to explain himself*


“There is good reason for all of this, if we wanted to really hurt you, we could have at any time.”

“Both of you, shut the fuck up for a second” I spat through gritted teeth, still massaging my temples. It felt like the world was shrinking, like everything was getting closer. No, wait, that wasn’t a feeling. I did a quick glance around me and saw that about half the shopping center I was in had changed trajectory in the past few seconds. Seconds. They were all wearing wristwatches. 

The agent must have seen something in my eyes since his hand suddenly dropped to his waist and revealed a holstered pistol hidden beneath the slightly oversized hoodie. 

*Stay calm and focus on the gun. Don’t move, just concentrate on that feeling that you really don’t want him to be holding it anymore.*

The voice in my head was somehow speaking three times the speed of a normal person now, and yet I could still understand them perfectly. As the agent drew his gun up, I did what was asked. I couldn't think to do anything else. I couldn’t think of anything else, except the gun. How much I wanted that gun to be out of his hand. His hand.
 
With the loudest crack I will ever hear, his hand bent backwards quickly so far that his knuckles touched his arm. The gun fell to the floor. He screamed.

*Now run. Please fucking run.*

I ran. 
_________________

First submission here, just really wanted to take a crack at this one, so any feedback welcome.

Edit: Thanks for all the positive comments, I really appreciated all of them and even if I didn't reply I read every single one. First off, let me say I won't be writing any more of this story. I'm not a writer, it isn't like this is my hobby and I just discovered this subreddit or something, this is literally the first creative writing i've done since my sophomore year of high school and i'm 21 now. I just like browsing this sub and for some reason this prompt really hit me with a bug and I had to write this story down. I wasn't really expecting (or wanting) it to be this popular.

For those of you still wanting more though, here's some details of this 'world' that I had in my head that would go unanswered otherwise. 

A lot of people were saying matrix in the comments, which I love, but actually in my head I just was thinking normal government conspiracy. Some sort of black ops government division dedicated to stopping these people and this event from happening. What exactly happened?

ESPers basically, of the telepathy and telekinetic vein. My general idea was at 18 some have the potential to be 'activated' by another ESPer from a sort of global community of them, but only at a certain time when the 'waves' or something was right. If this specific time was met uninterrupted then the person would be activated. The agents were trying to prevent that with precise timing (from their wristwatches). After a few months the activation window would pass, and the person would no longer be activate-able, and the 18 year old would go on with their life with a really really weird period in it they would slowly forget. This would be the first *unintentional* failure to prevent activation.

The idea of a secret community of ESPers and underground government agencies are not exactly original so I'm not keen on expanding it. I just had a good idea for this quick action sequence and I don't really want to give it much thought beyond that.
