"Sir, reporting as ordered."

Centurion Valorus Guilleman looked up from sharpening his sword and nodded at the legionnaire standing at attention before him. "At ease Sargent. Pull up a stool and get some water in you. By Dis the heat never weakens."  

Sargent Marius Gracchus doffed his helmet and gratefully sat down, gulping the tepid water like wine. "Thank you sir."  He waited a moment, watching the centurion continue to run the grind stone along the sword. The familiar sound of stone on steel helped make the alien surroundings somewhat more palatable. "I have the butcher's bill from the latest engagement."

Valorus sighed heavily and put the sword aside. Looking Marius in the eye he gestured for him to continue. "3 more died in action. 2 more severely wounded and no longer fit to fight. 3 more of the previously wounded passed on, including Optio Sayd." Marius spat into the red sand with disgust. 

"Enough of that Marius." sighed Valorus. "Don't waste your body moisture. This place sucks it away as it is." He waved away the Sargent's apology. "So that brings our numbers down to barely half a cohort. We will fold 4th century into 2nd and 3rd. That way they will be at full strength and we can have a solid fighting line."

"Pilus Gaius won't like that.  He doesn't like non veterans in his century."

Valorus snorted. "We've been fighting almost non stop for 3 years as far as we can tell. Everyone is a veteran."  Both men whispered a silent prayer for their fallen brothers and the tent felt colder despite the temperature not changing. With a cough Valorus continued, "The men we fought today. They looked like those eastern folk from beyond Scythia. Remember we saw them on that campaign to the east."

Marius nodded thoughtfully. "Yes sir. Not to mention those that looked like Numidians that we fought with three moons past. They didn't look like any we have seen before. Strange shields and just a spear. Do you think they got taken to this Gods forsaken wasteland like we have?"

"Hmm. Perhaps. I wish I knew how and why we are here. So far most that we fight are human as we, barbarians of course but still human. Even those Gauls we fought with. They wore strange blue clothes and carried the sticks that barked thunder. A far cry from the Gauls we know from our time."  Valorus scratched his chin reflectively and stood up with a stretch and groan. 

Marius laughed sourly. "*Our time*. You don't actually believe Delphus' words do you?  Whenever he gets drunk he thinks he is a philosopher. The very idea of traveling through time. Even the Gods can't do that."

Valorus shrugged and gave a wry grin. "Can you think of any other explanation?  We thought we were still on Terra Mater for the longest time. Even though no one knows of red sands like this. Then we thought we were in Elysium but we still die here. Is that any different?"

Both men looked at each other in silence. Marius chuckled and spoke at Valorus' raised brow. "Maybe we shouldn't have killed those grey things when we first arrived. They might have had answers for us. Well. I mean if we ever learned their language."  

Valorus laughed and shook his head. "No those things were unnatural. What we did was best."  He walked over to the tent opening and peered out at the men cleaning their gear and resting. After some contemplation he turned and looked Marius in the eye. "Enough of this. We've lost too much fighting for nothing. In the morning we move east to the the structures the auxiliary scouts found. We fought to survive. Now we fight to live. I'm making you my new Optio. Spread the word. We may be the only Romans here but by Dis we will endure. Understood?"

Marius stood to attention and clasped fist to heart. "Yes Sir!  Roma Victor!" Then he marched out the tent bellowing orders. Valorus nodded approvingly, smiling at the change in pace and the actions of the legionnaires. "Roma Victor. Roma Endures."

*Many years later*

"Sir. Reports from the scouts."

Valorus Guilleman the 3rd, Centurion of Nova Roma turned and smiled at his assistant. "Ah yes. What do they see?"

"New people at one of the ancient skirmish sites. Dressed in strange silver colored garb. They've unearthed one of the old flags. They don't appear to be threatening but are definitely strangers. The scouts said they saw them arrive from the sky.  They do look like us, but sound different of course."

Valorus nodded and picked up his ancient relative's sword. Buckling it to his belt he walked forward. "Well. Seems like we have some new people to meet. Let's see if they are friendly or not."

---

Hello. This is my first post to this sub. I am a big fan of the Roman Legions so I thought this was a fun post. Comments welcome. 

Thanks for reading. Have a lovely day!
