I would like to begin by thanking all those who read this. This is my first time doing this though I regularly look at Writing Prompts. Thought I would finally try doing it.

A handful of onlookers stood highly confused. Two men had suddenly appeared in the royal gardens with weapons and full armor. Those closest had heard one hiss the word brother at the other man who simply grunted acknowledgement. The one who had spoken took a well-made sword off of his right hip, while the other hefted a large greataxe off of his back. Both took stances that acknowledged their skill with the weapons. They looked about ready to duel but there was one issue with that idea. They weren't even facing eachother. One was standing face to face with a shrub styled to look like the Queen, while the other looked at a large wishing fountain. 

The one near the fountain suddenly spoke breaking the silence. "It doesn't have to come to this Robert."

The other brother, now known to onlookers as Robert replied to his brother with the same venomous hiss from before. "Of course we do, you know I can never forgive you for what happened to little Jilly." 

"It has been so long but yet you still can not acknowledge that I am at fault."  replied the yet unnamed man.

As soon as silence had once again fallen over the garden Robert with a roar that could scare someone enough to stain their brown pants lunged for the Queen shrub and with an artful swing severed it's left arm.

"That felt like a solid hit Timothy, I would like to see you come back to beat me with an injury like that."

With a haughty laugh Timothy hefts his axe readying it for a wide sweeping arc. "Oh brother are you going crazy with misplaced grief and anger, if you hit me I didn't even feel it." 

With a grunt of effort Timothy swings his and with devasting effect and hits the fountain shattering the center bowl from the three bowl design. Debris falling all around as it flung into the air by the now unrestrained water flow.

"I know not what it is you hit brother, but it certianly wasn't me." taunts Robert, a smug tone in his voice. 

It was at this point the now larger crowd was assuming either these two were both blind, or just that delusional. Whatever the truth of the matter is, all those who had gathered too watch took several steps back to give them room.

With a quick flurry of swings and slashes Robert leaves naught of the Queen shrub behind except from the knees down. While it was an expert display of swordsmanship that left the onlookers awed, it was tempered by the fact that he attacked a topiary and not his brother.

"If you still stand brother I would be amazed." he says chuckling and holding his sword relaxed at his side. 

"Than be amazed brother for I stand before you unscathed because it is clearly the Lord's will that I remain unharmed in this."

With an angry shout Robert turns towards the sounds of Timothy's voice and takes several steps. However Robert steps on a piece of broken fountain and begins to fall foward. Unable to control his fall in anyway with a loud metallic crunch the top of the fountain pierces through his armor and he rests there weakly trying to push himself off. Silence once again falls over the garden, silence only broken as one of the onlookers speaks.

"Definitely blind." is all he says before the rest of the crowd shushes him.

Timothy drops his axe and though no small feat manages to find the impaled, dying Robert.

"I am sorry that I had to do this to you brother, but you left me no choice. It brings me no joy." 

"I am sorry that I couldn't believe you." rasps Robert, his limbs starting to grow heavy. "I wish now that I had seen the error of my ways and instead blamed Stephen who sent you to accompany our blind little sister to the faire, where she fell off the rockwall."

Robert however did not get to die peacefully as it was at this exact moment the royal guard decided to show up. "In Baphomet's name, what happened here."

"Blind anger." is all one person had to say, to which the collective group of onlookers groaned and the guards just stood confused.