"Here you go, Sam." 

The grizzled-looking man's toothy smile lights up his face as he accepts the can I'm handing him. His beanie plasters his hair to his forehead, but I can see his shining eyes through the thick forest of silver. "Very much appreciated, ma'am." 

It's one the first smiles I've seen out of him. Samson was one of the shelter guys who didn't take kindly to me at first. I tried to tell him that it wasn't *charity* or *pity,* but he iced me out so completely I'm surprised hypothermia didn't kill me on the spot. It took a few more visits and a little bit of swearing on both sides for him to stop ignoring me, and now I'm pretty sure we're friends. 

At the very least, he's not throwing anything at me anymore, and I count that as a win. 

"Let me crank that open for you." I take the can from him and put each one of my sixty-two inches into wrestling it open. It's ragged, razor-sharp metal, though, and while I'm working on the tab the aluminum gives me a nice cut across the length of my palm. 

"Ow!" 

"You okay, Cindy?" 

"Yeah, yeah, I'm fine." 

I can feel myself shaking as I wipe my hand on the back of my jeans. It's hard to even think about the large black stain that must be spreading across the denim like ink, impossible to wash away, a forever reminder of what I've done to myself. I stare at the slice in my skin, watching the liquid midnight drip off my trembling fingers. 

It's as if someone's set off a bomb in my head; the world is thrown into stark relief. I turn away from the puzzled man in front of me and sit down on the dirt. 

I see myself as if through water, distorted yet so disturbingly clear, an image from a past so long ago. Crossing the street, my head dropped to fend off the vicious Minnesota cold. My eyes were streaming from the biting wind. I remember nicking my arm on something or another, and staring in horror at the oil-dark blood creeping across my wrist, the first time I ever saw how sullied I'd become. 

A reminder of so many sins, stacked on top of each other to irreversibly muddy my heart. 

As black as the regret that chokes me now, turns me deaf and dumb.

God. 

I never should have jaywalked so much. 