He descended from the dome ceiling without aid of an exosuit. His landing in the middle of the rock garden was quiet and drew little attention from the security drones. After all - he had no sonic resonators or gamma emmiters He had nothing but a standard lifesuit, issued to all peasant Earthians, on their way to mining colonies. 

My paramours and pleasurebots took no notice of the visitor, but they looked to me with the same inquisition they always have. I could almost feel the buzzing of communication going on between them on the neural net. They are always curious about my thoughts, considering I've refused to integrate to the collective. My disinclination to have everyone around me know my thoughts is a perversity on Titan, and my neighbors only know of my age and immense personal wealth, never the inner workings of my comparatively limited mind. But it is necessary to guard them from the knowledge of the words. The words that corrupt every one of my thoughts, crying out to be uttered. Begging to be expounded and released for Death to hear and find me to end this hellish perspective once and for all. The words I learned in my 34rd year, when I deposited my paycheck of 600 dollars into an account, which over the centuries has compounded to make me the oldest and wealthiest person in Solar, save Queen Elizabeth II herself. 

Still, I recognized his glare. He was an Earthian, judging by the hollow sockets where eyes never sat. His nanobots swarmed around his head, imputing sensory information faster than even my paramours, whose genes are edited and patched daily. I knew why he was here. An assassin sent from one of my rival asteroid harvesters, sent to kill me in whatever way he could. I've never feared these soulless creatures, because they were always with weapons or sentinels that inflict horrible suffering upon me - and yet never have I left this body. He walked unevenly, not used to the atmospheric simulations of the life-dome. As he approached I realized he knew the words. He was going to say the words! If only I had integrated with the collective, I could have asked for help. Feet from me, he opened his tooth-less mouth and said, "Here come dat boi" 

Helpless to fate, I could only reply, "o shit whaddup!"  