“Mom, grandma is trying to eat my arm off again!” cried Stephen. 

“Sweetheart you know she is just hungry. Will you grab some of the thawed brains from the refrigerator?” I yell as my son comes down the stairs with my 80 year old mother nipping at his hair. It’s been three years now since she was infected with Zombie Alzheimer's — at this point the kids and I realize that this will be the way she is until her 100th birthday. 

The USDA claimed that the infection slows the heart to where they become immortal to death caused by age. Their organs shut down and they are basically walking coma patients that are required to feed off human brains. The only way they can pass away is through an induced passing; sort of like your old dog that is in too much pain to continue on. Once my mom gets to be 100 she reaches the age limit and has to be induced. It’s infuriating. 

As I watch my son prepare his grandmothers breakfast It’s takes everything I have not to breakdown in front of him. My mother looks like walking death. Her eyes are glassy and half open - her hair is gray and balding in some spots - she has to wear this device around her wrist that diffuses a more pleasant smell so those around her aren’t repulsed by the odor of her insides dying. Yet, Stephen looks at her the same way he always did, even before she was infected. He sets her breakfast down and hunkers in next to her to have his toast and jam. We all sit at the table as if it was a normal day. 

After I drop Stephen off at school I bring my mom to her weekly doctors check up. The waiting room is filled with infected people and their caretakers, children or spouse. A woman cries across the room as she is told her wife will never be the same — that she will have to care for her every day until her passing. That her life has been altered for the worse. I will never forget that day. 

Stephen’s father left us shortly after that day. 

The doctor says mom is doing well — and I get her in the car to go home. To continue our lives. To go on day after day, and hope that someone finds a cure before her passing day. To pretend.