[slight variation on prompt, not happily ending day]

Ruben unlocked the door go his apartment and stepped inside.  Thick, cloying incense assaulted him.  It irritated his throat and felt like it was coating his insides.

"Damned neighbors."  He said to himself and was surprised at how deep and grating his voice sounded from the incense.

He went to the fridge and opened the door.  It had been a long day and Ruben just wanted to kick back with a beer.  But the beer, HIS beer, was missing.  His roommate had drank the entire six-pack and left a $10 in the empty box.

A prickling sensation rolled across his skin and he could just barely make out someone saying his name.  Ruben attributed this to his rising anger and the roommate being home.  

He angrily stalked towards his roommate's door and yelled, "Damnit, Alex!  I'm-"

A puff of smoke obscured his vision mid-sentence.

"-going to kill you!"

The smoke cleared and a slender 4 foot tall man in robes stood before him.  Sweat was beaded on his forehead and his face was frozen between joy and terror.  A large tome was open in his hands.

Candles formed a tight ring around him and when Ruben reached out he felt resistance.

"I uh.. I have summoned thee and uhm will have thee bound to my will, demon." the small man said.

"The f<beep> is this?"  Ruben asked, "The f<beep> was that!?  I'm being f<beep> censored!?"

"Your fiendish curses shall not avail you in these lands!"  The little man looked pleased.  "Do you -er.. doest thou submit or is another demonstration of my power necessary?"

Ruben tried pushing harder against the unseen barrier and could feel it flexing and deforming around his hands.  It felt almost like magnets pushing against each other.  He tried to touch one of the candles but couldn't make any part of his body get within the final inch.

"Try as thou might thou shall not- wait, what are you doing?"  The little man's eyes went wide.

Ruben had pulled a folding pocket knife from his pocket and was poking it at one of the candles.

"No no no nonononononono!"  The little man gushed and rapidly paged through his tome.

The candle fell over and Ruben felt the barrier weaken.

"You picked the wrong day to start s<beep> with me, little man." Ruben said and knocked over another candle.

The little man found a page and started rapidly reading aloud in pig latin.

In a puff of smoke Ruben was suddenly back in his apartment.  The smell of incense and the irritation was gone.  After a moment of thought he grabbed the $10 from the fridge and left to get some beer.