This didn't end up with the 'evading' part.  But i wanted to write this anyhow.




I've seen Death in my time on this Earth.  
I've seen Death as he collected his due from the fallen that I felled for him on the battlefield.  
I've seen Death standing peacefully and patiently on the periphery as I tried in vain to staunch the bleeding of my brother in uniform.
He was there for every reload, and there for every shot I made.  I was his tool, his sniper, more so than I was ever a soldier.
Death was always calm.  Strolling stoicly through the dusty and littered streets as bullets and hell rained down from innumerable directions.
No one else could see him, as far as I know..  nobody in my regiment ever called out to him or glanced in his direction.  It was as if I was the only person in the world who could percieve his presence.
Death could see me too, he never spoke but would always meet my gaze as he moved along his work.

Years pass.

After my service, I tried to lead a good life.  Haunted at night by the things I've seen and done, but by day trying my best to atone for the destruction I've wrought at the orders of men I never met.

I had children, a boy named Alex and my daughter Kyla.  I tried to raise them right, to be compassionate and giving. To always fight for the right, and to stand strong and independent..  

Years more pass.

I got sick shortly after my 65th birthday.  
Very slowly, but then very quickly, I went to battle yet again.  
The leukemia had taken hold and wasn't responding.
Weeks pass, and I get weaker. 
My children, now grown, visit me as often as they can.
They've become such amazing adults, doing great work.  Kyla is pregnant with my grandson and works with abused women and children and , Alex is finding his way through a degree in physics.  He says he wants to work in spaceflight.
I couldn't be prouder of them, and I tell them each time I see them.

An evening comes, and I'm watching the fading orange sunlight as it bounces off the peach, purple, and yellow illuminated clouds on the horizon.  This sunset is beautiful through the hospital window.
I wished I could feel the breeze on my face.

I hear the door of my room open, and i turn to see the nurse come in.
But, Death stood there instead, calmly smiling.  
There was no fear in the room.  
I was taken aback slightly only because it had been so many years since I last saw him.

A nurse appears from behind where he stood, glances at him and nods.
She comes to my bedside and says
'its time for you to go with him'

As she pulls a syringe and vial from her pocket and fills it, I, so weakly, ask her how she can see him.

'I've always been able to see him, he showed me how I can help him, and he said that you helped him years ago.'

The syringe goes into my IV, and I bring my hand up to hers.  She thinks that I'm trying to push it away, but I don't...  I grasp her hand holding the syringe and help her push the plunger down.   
I'm ready for this.

As I drift off to sleep, my friend appears by my side to finally hold my hand.  
A soothing voice echoes through my mind telling me 'your work is done'.