At the blue house on Winter Park Street, the Slightly Under Numbered Lizards were having a discussion in the basement.

The lizards gathered around the mildly damaged paint can, and blinked nervously at each other. One munched loudly on a fly. Murmurs shifted across the room.

Slightly Green Tailed stood up on the can, holding onto the tail that gave him his name for comfort. "Brothers and sisters!" He squeaked. "I know there has been some discussion-"

"Discussion! It has been a riot!" Lost An Eye growled. The crowd murmured in agreement.

"There has been *Discussion*," Slightly Green Tailed continued, speaking over the discontented voices hurriedly and emphasizing a capital D on discussion, "about our current contract with Waffles."

There was hisses and boos from the crowd. "He hasn't been keeping his end of the bargain!" An angry voice came from the back of the room. 

"He hasn't been pulling his weight at all!" Another lizard who sounded unfortunately like Slightly Green Tailed's wife called out.  

"And that's saying a lot considering how fat he has got." The small Foot Kinda Dangly said reproachfully from the front of the crowd.

Laughs and sneers followed that statement, and Slightly Green Tailed sighed wearily. "We have been trying to reach out in negotiations- "

"Negotiations?" Lost An Eye laughed mockingly, "Negotiations? With that fluffy abomination? He is unreasonable! He ate our offerings, and disappeared! How are we supposed to deal with that?"

Slightly Green Tailed hesitated, and then looked dejectedly at the half blind lizard. "Why are you making this hard for me?"

Suddenly, there was a creak of flap, and a shout came from the back of the crowd. "It's Waffles!" The meeting of lizards immediately fell silent.

The fat ginger cat waddled down the stairs, it's long fur creating a cloud of floof as he descended into the basement. Almond eyes glinted as he surveyed the scattering of lizards, then a small *mreow* in greeting escaped his orange lips. He purred, "Sorry, friends. But the lady upstairs accidentally blocked the cat door down here. But she fixed it and now I am here. Do you have any flies?"

There was a cheer, and the lizards immediately swarmed forward. Waffles chuckled, and rolled onto his back into a pile of clean laundry, exposing a tummy that radiated heat. The lizards immediately cuddled into his long fur.

"It's so warm!" Foot Kinda Dangly murmured, voice disappearing into fluff.

"He's the squishiest, warmest monster that never ate us, ever." Lost An Eye agreed.

Slightly Green Tailed walked up to the cat, and patted his nose. "Thanks for coming back, friend. The basement was getting very cold. Lizards were starting to panic, and we get a bit dumb when the temperature drops. But we still managed to get some flies for you." 

Waffles grinned, and bumped his head against the lizard's. "Anytime, Greeny."

And then with a sigh, the Slightly Under Numbered Lizards and Waffles the ginger cat closed their eyes for a warm nap in the basement, at the blue house on Winter Park Street.