"Okay, sweetie, I'll check again." I groaned as I knelt onto the cold hardwood floor by Samantha's bed, my joints cracking in protest. I reached for the blanket overhanging the edge of the bed, lifting it up so I could halfheartedly peer underneath. It was far too dark to see anything, but I made a big show of looking from side to side before retreating. 

"See, Sam? There's nothing there! I just checked and it's empty."

I straightened back up and dusted off my knees. Sam sat on the bed, wrapped in a quilt and curled up against the wall, her worried eyes round and bright like silver dollars. 

"Daddy, I *know* there's someone there! I heard him!"

I sighed deeply and sank down onto the mattress next to her, and she scooted closer to me, burying her head into my chest. She whimpered softly as I stroked her dark brown hair.

"Do you want daddy to read you another chapter, honey?" 

She nodded slightly and reached for the book tucked underneath her pillow.

*Goodnight Moon.* She picked a different book for bedtime each week, and I always read to her to help her fall asleep. Lately she'd been having nightmares about monsters hiding under her bed. I regretted letting her watch *The Babadook* with me earlier, although she'd begged me until she was purple in the face - telling her that it was inappropriate for a six year old had had no bearing on her decision. 

I flipped to the bookmarked page and began reading. 

"Goodnight moon. Goodnight cow jumping over the moon. Goodn-

*Click.*

"Daddy!" Sam hissed. She motioned for me to look under her bed.

"What was that?" I murmured quietly.

"I told you, it's the monster!" 

I leaned over the edge of the bed and pulled the blanket up.

*Whir-click.* The noise was faintly familiar to me for some reason, and it was definitely coming from underneath the bed. 

Slowly, I wiggled forward and peered into the darkened abyss - except it wasn't dark anymore. A small flame flickered, sputtered, and gave out. I froze.

"This fuckin' lighta... every goddamn time."

The accent was distinctly Italian, and the voice was gruff and male. I heard some rustling in the blackness, and then another click. This time, the flame held, and I watched as it was brought to the tip of a cigar. Thick fingers turned the cigar slowly, and I saw small puffs of smoke bellow out around the lighter. 

"What the *fuck* are you doing in my house?" I finally found my voice, which up until then had been hiding somewhere below my Adam's apple. 

"Wha- OW!" He yelped as his head made contact with the bottom of Sam's bed.

"Sam, sweetie? Use Daddy's phone and call the police." 

"Whoa hey hey hey now, ain't no need to involve the fuzz wi' this." He sounded indignant and a little bit hurt.

"What are you doing under my daughter's bed?! How did you even get in the house?" I demanded.

"Here... jus' lemme explain. One sec." More rustling, then some faint swearing as he scooted out slowly from underneath the bed, cigar in hand. He was short and squat, with a thick gold chain peeking out from amidst an impressive forest of chest hair. He wore a suit - which was slightly rumpled - and highly polished black dress shoes. He straightened up and groaned, pressing a hand into the small of his back.

"Sure is cramped for space under there, y'know?"

I sputtered, "You still haven't explained why you're under my daughter's bed, you pervert! Sam, have you called 911?" I looked at Sam, who had made no movements towards my phone. She didn't look scared - in fact, the smile on her face was positively delighted. 

"Ah, so it's Sam, short for Samantha?" He tilted his head at her, completely ignoring my indignation. 

She nodded eagerly. 

"That's cute. Real cute. My daughter's named Charlie, short for Charlotte. I love girls with boy names. My wife, not so much." 

I opened my mouth to speak, but he turned back towards me and waved his cigar carelessly at me. 

"Name's Vinny. Nice to meet ya." He smiled and stuck a hand out. A gold watch glimmered on his wrist. 

"I - what - what the *fuck* is going on??"

"Hey hey, calm down now. Gotta watch ya language around the kids." He did not withdraw his hand. "Gonna tell me ya name, speechless?"

"Daniel. It's Daniel," I finally managed. I did not shake his hand.

He sighed and let it fall to his side, then took a few puffs from his cigar, momentarily disappearing in a cloud of grey smoke. 

"Can someone please tell me what's going on?!" I looked at my daughter, who sat on the edge of her bed, watching Vinny with admiration. She looked at me.

"Daddy, this is what I've been telling you about! This is Vinny! He's the mobster under my bed!"

"*Mobster?*"

"Yeah! He's really good at making the monsters go away."

I looked at Vinny, who chuckled and flushed.

"Now, miss, wouldn't say I'm *really* good. Might've missed a few here and there."

"What do you mean, making the monsters go away?" I demanded, clutching the chair behind me for support. 

"Well, y'see, I'm in the business. Lotsa little girls and boys havin' trouble sleepin' cause they got monsters hiding underneath their beds... Figured I could put my skills to use."

"Your skills?"

"Yeah...y'know, the unsavory ones you can't talk about in church."

"You kill *monsters* for a living?" 

"Sure! It's a good life, makin' kids happy."

Sam beamed at me. 

"Daddy, he's so brave when he fights them! He's just like the knights in my books."

"...I'm sure he is, sweetie."

Vinny shifted uncomfortably. 

"Normally I don't do the whole meetin' parents part. They tend to misunderstand. No offense."

I stared at him.

"Daddy, please let him stay!" Sam begged, big blue eyes welling up with tears. 

I looked at her, then at Vinny, who smiled awkwardly.

"I ain't tryn' to step on your toes, mister. I'm just here to help."

I took a deep breath. 

"I suppose you can stay."