Regret. 

I should never have put that box there. All it's caused me is emotional trauma. I barely get any sleep nowadays, and I stay inside, doing what little work I can from home. Sometimes I fail to even do that. From my bedside perch, I can see the accursed recepticle, stark blue against the dull greens and browns of my neglected lawn. I see a couple stroll up to it and kiss as the man reaches to put something inside.

Guilt.

I look down at my malnourished form and cry. I've been tortured with the worst of humanity's feelings and it's my own fault for letting them all in. My boss has probably already fired me, I haven't been to work in so long. I just can't work up the nerve to check. I'm hungry, so I sweep my legs off the side of the bed to get up. 

Lethargy.

I look outside at a familiar girl, strolling away presumably more peppy than she was moments before. Glancing at the wall clock I can see it's already 2:00 PM. Fuck my life. I flop back onto my tear soaked mattress. 

Helplessness.

There's nothing I can even do about it. Days have already turned to weeks and months, and I'm on the last pack from the most recent crate of ramen. I idly stare at the ceiling, and after another day wasted, drift off into a dreamless sleep.

--- 

I wake up surprisingly drained of emotion. I get up and look outside at my yard. I see a crowd of people looking at my window, and my unkempt hair. The golden haired girl from yesterday is at the front. She steps aside, and nods to the others. One reaches in to fill the void.

Hope.

I can only stare at the crowd outside. 

Joy. 

One by one, their smiling faces offer me part of their light, and leave. 

Peace.

I can't help but smile, as tears stream down my face once more.

Forgiveness.

The man from yesterday embraces another woman after her contribution.

Determination.

I bolt from the bed, trying to get dressed fast enough.

Love. Happiness. Purpose.

Bursting out the door, I see the crowd has all but disappeared. The girl stands alone now, looking at me. She gives me a kiss, and turns to drop a note in the box as she leaves.

Thankfulness.

I watch the crowd as they filter off down the street, towards their cars and various abodes. After a while, I am alone again, the high of emotions swirling inside subsides, and I look at the donation box from my perch once more, standing empty and alone.

Loss.