I raised my head up as much as I could manage. My spinal column felt ready to snap and my face was tattooed with this morning's beating. I poked at the gaps in my teeth and proceeded to count the ones I still had. Just seven, eight and nine lay on the cold floor before me and ten was crushed to powder during the melee. 

A sudden rush of wind swept my hair across my face and I felt pain where the strands had been pulled near the roots. I instinctively lurched back biting more pain. 

"Don't be alarmed," came a voice from the dark.

"Who's there?" I called out, waves of pain shot through my neck as I spoke. I heard a snap of fingers echo out and then a light, seemingly from nowhere appeared. The light illuminated the dreary basement in which I was incarcerated and now a thin figure in a thick, black cloak stood before me. 

"The name's Azrael. You can call me Az for short," it spoke. 

I couldn't help but chuckle. 

"Seriously!" It raged, "you're gonna laugh at my name? Dammit man!"

"Sorry." I choked out. 

Az sighed, "It's fine. Whatever. Look I'm here for your consultation. As I'm sure you already know, you're pretty bad off. You're not gonna make it out of here."

I gasped. 

"What? You really had hope left? Come on bro, you look like...ah moving on. I--"

I cut him off, "What kind of consultation? I...I'm confused."

"Right. Right. You might know me as Death. The Grim Reaper. Angel of Death. Seriously you all make me seem like a bad guy. I'm not that bad."

I leaned back on my palms and started to crab walk away from him. 

"Come on man, you really think you can run away from me? Normally when I find torture victims they're begging me to take them. This is a new one on me. Look this is just the consultation. You've got a few more days. I'm just here to take you through the process."

I said nothing but I'm sure the stark fear was evident on my face. 

"Why are you people always so scared? You think I'm here to send you to hell? Look man I read your file. You've done some pretty fucked up shit but that doesn't mean you're gonna go to hell. This whole multiverse thing, it's kinda like a big crystal lattice of billions of universes. Once you die in one you're just gonna pop up in another. Sure you could go to hell but if you know anything about statistics you know the odds of that are pretty low. Okay, but I see that I'm boring you. Let's move on. Is there anything you want to say to me? Anything you need to get off your chest? Any last words?"

"I...I have a question." I croaked. 

"Oh yeah? Shoot."

"How do I know where I'll end up after this?"

"Uh...I don't know. Look buddy, I work in the field that's more of a question for IT," he answered, "anything else?"

I strained to speak again, "Can I see your face?"

"Um ok, never heard that before. You've got some pretty unusual requests. But ok sure." He said and lowered his hood. Underneath was a nearly human face, except it had red skin with purple undertones. He also had four nostrils and upturned eyes. He had no hair anywhere and black, varicose veins ran like little tributaries all around his face. He pulled the hood back up. 

"Not what you were expecting huh?"

"Not exactly," I said, my vocal cords still throbbing but I pushed through, "I was expecting you to be a little more skeletal."

Az's hand struck his own face with an audible crack. 

"God and Jesus!" he cried, "that's that horseman guy from the apocalypse. Seriously? You're mixing me up with that douchebag? I really gotta work on my reputation after this."

"Sorry." I said. 

"Ugh. It's ok. That's all for now, I gotta get. I'll drop by tomorrow around this time for a check up."

 Suddenly, the light went out and I was left in utter darkness again. Another breeze whipped my hair across my face. I lay down on the hard, unforgiving stone floor and let sleep take me. 

The next day and two teeth later, Az showed up again in the same fashion. 

"Damn man. You look beat," he started. 

I shot him a dirty look. 

"My bad I'll try to use a better word next time. Sore subject."

Another glare from me. 

"Sorry. Too soon for 'sore.' Won't happen again. Anyway how we doing today?"

"Honestly, today wasn't so bad. They had to split their time between me and a new arrival. And they really wanted to show him they mean business. So I got kind of a light sentence today." I told him. 

"Well hey that's good. So did you think of anything you wanted to tell me?"

"I was just thinking we could talk a little. I need some company down here."

"Ok," he said. He checked his wrist, I didn't see a watch but then he said, "I've got an appointment in Texas after this but I think I have time."

So we got to talking. We really started to kick it off. 

"...yeah one time I had a contract for this guy named Elijah. You know what that asshole did? He got all buddy buddy with one of the higher ups and he got whisked away to paradise. Needless to say I didn't get my holiday bonus after that fuck up," Az laughed. 

"So what was the worst job you ever had to do?" I asked him. 

"Worst hmm. Oh yeah August 6, 1945. I had so many appointments that day that each one lasted like 15 milliseconds. None of 'em knew what the hell was going on. Then three days later I had to do it all over again. Never again. Please don't do anything like that again."

"So how does this final appointment wor--" I began. 

At that moment he looked at his wrist again and bolted up, "Hold that thought man. I missed my Texas appointment. Man those guys are gonna be real confused about why that lethal injection didn't work. I gotta get out of here. We'll finish this discussion tomorrow."

Again the light went out and the whoosh of air blew my hair. I slept pretty good that night knowing me and Az were gonna shoot the bull again the next day. 

The next day he showed up in the same fashion. We talked for about an hour and then he had to be off to Syria, something about a beheading. The day after went much the same and so did the day after that. After five days we had come to be something of chums. Az said he'd never talked to a human so much and would be sad when our final appointment came. That was to be the next day. 

For a final time the light appeared and Az showed up. 

"You know what today is," he said. Each word sounded like a dirge. 

"Couldn't we wait a little longer?" I asked, " there's so many things I'd like to ask you. Like did you really take Elvis? And Tupac?"

Az held up a hand, "stop. I've been thinking," he walked over to me and put his hand on my shoulder, "Fuck destiny. I'm getting you out of here."

He rose his head up and stared into the corner of the room.

"Man that sounded a lot cooler in my head," he said aloud. Then he turned to me, "Look I've never done this before and I'll probably get in trouble with the boss for this. But fuck it. We're friends now. And even though I told you the afterlife ain't so bad, you don't seem to want to go just yet. Think of a place you want to be. Now!"

I thought of home. In my bed. Then I opened my eyes. I was home. In my bed. No more pain. Still only had five teeth, but hey it beats the hell out of that creepy basement. 

***

"And that son. Is how I cheated death. When that cancer screen said I had a month to live I knew I had to do something. That's how I know I'm the greatest conman to ever live." I said to the six year old perched on my knee. 

"But how did you get locked in a basement like that?" He asked. 

"Easy. I called up some guys I had conned out of some casino winnings a few years back and told 'em I'd give 'em their money and then some if they come lock me in a basement and torture me everyday. They thought I was nuts. But as you can see it worked."

"Do you think Az will ever come back for you?"

I chuckled at the name and said, "haven't seen him since. 

Later that night I was sleeping in my bed when I felt a familiar whoosh of air. I woke up and looked around. 

"Who's there?" I called out. 

A voice reached out of the dark void of my room, "I talked to IT. They said there are plenty of vacancies in hell right now."
***
Edit: added one sentence I forgot to include and grammar