Green for go, red for stop. The rules applied as always, and as a normal, non-colour blind individual, I followed the soothing colour of nature as it led me to prosperity. The green line directed me away from the train station when there was an anarchist bombing. The green line led me to the office where I would eventually be employed at. The green line even told me when people were coming to foil my plans of burglary, during my period of poverty. But I'd always paid so much attention to my saviour that the other, more striking line never surprised me as it did now. Always, the bright red directly contradicted the light green, leading to an obvious conclusion. The red line must be a curse! The green line was the authentic life-saver.

But now...now it was different. If the red line was always wrong and the green line was always right...then *why were the two leading to the same place?* I looked forward, then at my feet, where the contrasting colours mixed to form a near-straight line. Undoubtedly, they ended at the same place. But the red line always signified the wrong choice!

Screw it, I thought. I'd lived in comfort for decades since I'd discovered my power. The small mistake I might commit wouldn't mean anything. I stormed right in, and the lights within temporarily blinded me. But my eyes instantly focused on someone in the room. Someone I knew. 

"Don't do it!" I shouted, staring at the gun in my friend's hand. If I'd been a second later...I shuddered. But his expression stood steadfast in defiance as the weapon was pointed at his skull. "I've nothing left to live for. Not even you," he spat, the words breaking my very heart though I knew he didn't mean it. I grabbed the pistol, where the green line and the red line led to. In an instant, it clattered to the floor, as my friend fixed a steely gaze on me. 

"I'm not worth saving," he said, his eyes beginning to tear. "Even my school of choice doesn't want me. I'd tried twice, but I was too worthless to enter. What for do I live?" I was stunned, his words robbing mine out of my mouth. It was true. What did he have to live for beside art? Then it hit me.

"Hitler, live for your country! It technically isn't your birth country, but you love it all the same. Protect it with your life," I advised, sayig whatever I could to diffuse the volatile explosive before me. His gaze drooped, and his eyes looked wistfully on. "For Germany..." he whispered, his voice crackling with excitement and patriotism. Screaming his country's name, he rushed out of the house, his gun left behind. The green and red lines still pointed towards the life I'd saved. Adolf was always my best friend, and his life was as much to him as it was to me. I smiled, though I still didn't understand one thing.

Why was the red line there?

Edit: Fixed a couple of plot holes! Thanks to /u/glylittleduckling and /u/CarlHenderson