
The Titan War, (Year 57-102) was a series of wars and campaigns against Elves, Dwarves and Goblin species by the Alliance of Humans. It is named after the Titan war machine which was developed in Year 88 by Braxton Steelweaver, which marked the turning point of the war effort for the humans.

Prior to the introduction of the Titan as a standard military unit of the human legions, most human armies suffered heavy casualties in engagements. Besides the multitude of physical disadvantages when comparing your average human conscript to that of a warrior from another race, human forces were severely hampered by a lack of a standard mage cadre attached to the legions. Whereas Elves, Dwarves and even Goblins had some sort of magical military unit (Mages, Warlocks or Shamans), the human species were not able to harness any magical affinity. This resulted in key losses throughout the decades such as the Battle of Zerougberg (Year 69) and the Darden Plains Massacre (Year 76). 

It was not until the summer of Year 87 when King Sterling II secretly commissioned a research group to develop a new war machine where the first conceptual designs of the Titan came to life. 

Initial production units were shown to have severe mobility and reliability issues. The average pace of the Titan was half that of a marching legionnaire, and the armor proved to be particularly vulnerable towards any explosive-magic that landed directly on it. A breakthrough in Titan design occurred in the winter years of Year 88 from Braxton Steelweaver. It was a novel technique to fold steel which solved the mobility issue and allowed for further reinforcement of plating. Further iterations subsequently improved combat performance exponentially; during the waning years of the war, Titan units transitioned from initially a infantry support unit to the core combat units. 

The final decisive victory in Gelron Forest (Year 102) where human forces defeated the combined alliance of Elves and Dwarves marked the end of the Titan War. In the wake of the almost half century war, the Elven and Dwarven Kingdoms were left ruined economically by the costs associated with reparations and many became subjugated to slavery. The Goblin tribes meanwhile retreated northwards into the abandoned jungles of Panea, where they would continue to struggle for a few more years in what is now called the Panea Genocide (Year 102-104). 

-Excerpt from the book:  Historical Military Encyclopedia, Kingdom of Avaela (Year 156)
