THE GREAT ESCAPE.

"Get your life together,Light. You are suppose to be a man! Stop acting like a little bitch!" She screamed.

I cried as she left me.

What tragedy life has shaped me.

She was what's left,she was the last.

The only left among the past.

In the midst of pain, I am alone.

Weak is my muscle and my bone.

I can't stand anymore, no more can I try.

The day has come for me to die.



It all began with a simple feeling.

The hopelessness that life was reeling.

A life alone, alone to fight.

And one bad day to set it right.

It starts like mornings, the blinding sun.

You have it all before it's gone.

You've lost so much you can't ignore.

Life fucked you sideways and made you it's whore.



No one can see it. It's all inside.

These tears have fallen. I've wailed. I've cried.

They can all hear me but my voice can't teach.

These chaotic thoughts of my mind can't reach.

But still I suffer. Still I cry.

They tell me I am lazy even though I try.

Trying is not succeeding, I know it too well.

But life's unforgiving. I am under it's spell.



I tried to be better, I tried to be free.

My friends all said I am fine as me.

But I am not fine. I say I'm sick.

My hands are shaky. My legs are weak.

But no one believes me cause no one can see.

What do they know of what is to be.

So I've given up, It's my only solution.

Here it lies, my life's resolution.



I lock my room, I close my shades.

I lay down once more, on my bed.

I keep thinking maybe there is a tomorrow.

But all I see is life's long sorrow.

The day is no different, it's on repeat.

My purpose is broken, I have tasted defeat.

So here it goes, I am ready to die.

Give me this silence, the one up so high.



But I hear voices, I can't sit still.

All of my loved once, they're here. Unreal!

I ask them why, what are they doing?

What cruel fate has my life been brewing?

They tell me they don't know, why they are here.

Their life was too busy for them to appear.

A voice familar asks if someone's dying.

I break on my knees and just start crying.


They all seemed confused but they try to console.

They ask me if life has taken some kind of toll.

I tell them I can't live, I can't no more.

But they all smile like I am something to adore.

"Why would you say that? Your life is fine.

You've got roof to shelter and a table to dine-"

I don't believe this. I cannot reply.

"STOP SAYING THAT!"I scream. 



Just.



Why?



I stop my crying. I give out a sigh.

They've been summoned by death and yet think it's a lie.

Even now, they test me. No one believes.

Guess things you can't see, truly decieves.

Done living this life,I won't try it no more 

A gun to my head, my head on the floor.

They screamed perhaps, or maybe they cried.

I hope they realised I never had lied.

No one could see it, cared for it's impression.

So I did it, I escaped my crippling depression.