I spoke into the microphone, “Who did you find?”

“I’ve been telling you for the last hour! Her I found her! She’s the one, the one, the one, the one! The last sentence almost came out as if he was singing.

Jacob Hendrixson had obviously found someone but I’d spent the last hour or so trying to get him to say who she was. He wouldn’t budge. All he would say is that he found ‘her.’ Never a name, never a description.

My name is Alice Kirkman and I am an Inmate Psychologist. I often visit the “Racine Correctional Institution.” It’s better known as “The Supermax” which is fitting as it is the only Maximum security prison in Wisconsin that has isolated cells for inmates.

I stared at the little monitor in the guard's office and watched as Jacob moved to his bed and began rocking back and forth. 

I had been working with Jacob for around 3 months. The fact that he was no longer finding ways to hurt himself made me feel like I was finally helping him. He wouldn’t, however, stop talking about this woman he said he had met.

“I SAW HER! Do you believe me?” his back and forth movements decreased and he stared at the speaker waiting for a response.

“Of course I believe you.” We had been going in circles and I was tired of it.

I changed my tone slightly, “Jacob is this woman important to you?”

Jacob went still and began nodding furiously.

“Don’t you want to get out of the private cells?” I was trying to get him to budge.

“Private cells,” the guards told me to call them. I had read the reports about how putting inmates into these separate cells caused many of the inmates to go completely insane. To the inmates, they called the Private cells the “SHU” or the “Security Housing Units.”

“Yes… but how can I concentrate whe-”

I cut him off, “Stop. I don’t want to hear about her anymore. If you want to get out of here you need to stop talking about her.”

I could see tears running down his face. He really wanted to talk about this woman. 

He softly spoke, “I..I’ll stop talking about her.”
I was completely surprised, finally a breakthrough! It was just in time too because today they were going to evaluate if he was ready to go back into the general population wing of the prison. 

Felt so much happier, I responded in a much more relaxed tone, “That’s great Jacob. I’ll see to it that you have my recommendation that you be moved back into the general prison's population.”

I shut down the monitor and turned off the speaker before I heard or saw his response. The guard smiled and nodded to me as I left the small guards room. On the way out I stopped to tie my shoe as I slipped a note under Jacob’s door.

A week or two later I read in the papers that Jacob had killed 5 inmates and at least 3 guards.

I looked at the names of those killed and a grin spread across my face.

Letting serial killers capture me has been a fun hobby of mine. Getting them to kill for me, on the other hand, is what I live for. 

When they searched Jacobs cell they only found one possession of his. It was a note and on it said, “I still have more than you.” and it was signed “Her.”