Ring ring.

He'd barely slept the entire night. Taking out his last target had been, at most, mildly inconvenient. But his night had been sleepless nonetheless.

A stout and rich American with an affinity for strip clubs was an easy target. What he didn't realise was Smith's security detail, trailing him as seemingly unassuming customers. Perhaps he hadn't noticed. Was he getting old?

Ring ring.

Perched atop an adjacent building, he set up his rifle and adjusted the scope to just outside the entrance of the club. He could see who was coming and going through the window next to the entrance. It wouldn't have been a clean kill, with lots of eyewitnesses, but he didn't care. He was a ghost, and could disappear instantly.

Ring ring.

As he trained his eyes on the entrance, a glimmer of steel caught his eye. It was one of his detail, who turned towards the club just so his shirt lifted a bit and the light from the neon sign reflected off his gun. That's when he realised.

He had to change locations to include Smith's route to his office, which was two blocks away. But he decided not to change his location. That much easier to escape with a dozen men trying to sniff you out. He was a legend, but he was a practical man before anything  else. 

Ring ring.

It was also to his advantage that Smith liked to walk after his visits to clubs. That was something he had picked up from observing him for two weeks. Perhaps the security detail wasn't as pronounced then. Anyways, when Smith crossed the grocery store on 5th avenue, he took the shot. Straight through the head. Maybe even injured one of the detail walking in front of him.

Ring ring.

Escaping had been planned and easy, as always. Then why was he so sleepless after such a mundane mission?

Ring ring.

"Hello?"

"Morning sweetheart", an old, musky but familiar voice said.

"Winston."

"Heard you took out Smith last night."

"Why do you even care anymore?"

"After all those people I sent to kill you got, well, killed, I wanted to see how you were doing for yourself. So you've been doing jobs huh? Who's your client?”

"None of your business."

"John."

It had barely been a minute, and he was already bored. He had killed them all, after he had been declared ex-communicado by The Continental. It had been easy. Almost like dropping stick figures. "Any more?”, he had asked Winston over the phone. He had almost killed a hundred by that time.

Both realised that it was futile to send any more, and Winston had called off the hunt for Wick.

"I'm hanging up Winston."

"The Batman was there."

Now he knew why he was so restless. He felt something was odd, something didn't fit into his calculations. But he couldn't put his finger on it.

"Huh", he replied.

"Why John, you seem mildly surprised!”

"What has that got to do with anything?”

"Nothing. It's just odd that he was watching you."

"Why have you called?"

"About that. We suspect that someone is onto us. We received intel that one of our secure bunkers underground in Gotham had been infiltrated and damaged heavily. Equipment and men, both.  
We dug deeper and found out who was responsible. It was a disbanded ex-military group. But the important part is who else was there. Henry Adams."

The name clicked. 

Long ago, when John was working with The Continental, he had been sent on a mission to London. Someone was planning to bomb the American Embassy in London, and it had to be prevented. The Government had requested it. Apparently it was a high stakes meeting between American and Syrian Leaders.

John, as always, had taken the shot and neutralised the threat. Much before he got anywhere near the embassy. But as he was packing up, he noticed a man bending over the corpse in the alley and taking the man's wallet. It was strange, so he thought of observing the man. But his mission was over. So he decided against it.

Stacy had had no problem tracking down the footage from security cameras. They later found that the man was Henry Adams. He was something of a private detective, with a reputation for being both heartless and ruthless in investigations. Never showed a hint of emotion. Just did the job and got out. Kind of like John himself.

"Why was Adams at the bunker?"

"We believe someone is onto us and doesn't want us snooping around their business. Hence the attack. And we have reason to believe that Adams orchestrated it."

"Who is this someone?"

"Bruce Wayne."

                             ------------------------------


Part 2 coming soon. Stay tuned.