Square one, again.
The first few times took their toll. I grew attached to what I left behind. I felt confused and lost, trapped in some kid's body with no explanation as to why this happens to me. "Does it happen to everyone?" I kept wondering. No, of course it doesn't. You'd think you would hear about that kind of shit happening. You know, something like, "Sorry momny, I don't want to take my math test, so I'll just pop in the oven and I'll call you tomorrow."
That may seem like a sardonic quip, but around my fifth or sixth loop, it wasn't far from the truth. I eventually killed myself out of sheer curiosity over and over again. I wanted to know how fast you fade after eating a bullet from daddy's gun. How cold do you get before your wrists bleed too much? Do you really feel like you're flying before you hit the pavement?
Needless to say, these experiments left little room for human compassion. I can't count how many parent's lives I must have ruined. Of course, some were already pretty terrible. On my third loop, I was the daughter of a scrawny alcoholic. The fucker would literally trap me in a dog cage. My only friend was the starving cat trapped with me. And when it died, so did my morals. After slitting that prick of a father's throat, I cut my own right on top of him.
This loop was different, though.
I resurrected as a brown-haired, hazel-eyed kid. My parents this time around were at each other's throats constantly. They argued about financial issues and their struggles with their paired alcoholism. It was depressing and, honestly, rather boring. I was about to take a swim in their backdoor Florida pond with bricks for flippers, but then, for no good reason, I did something far more stupid.
I ran away. 
Boy, was it awful. Some stupid supportive family took me in, raised me as one of their own. The idiots thought I was some kind of genius because I knew everything I did at such a young age. Before they knew it, I was blowing their money on meaningless college classes, and I even found someone to be with. Her name was Eleanor. She was blonde, adorable, brilliant, the whole nine yards. Shame, she never understood why happiness wasn't really on my emotional radar.
But she tried.
The poor girl wasted her life away trying to make me happy. I grew to admire her perseverance. I began to admire her. Years passed, and I started to finally forget. I let go of the past lives, and cared for this girl, knowing that I should hold onto her until she runs out of love for me. 
I should have smiled for her. Even on our wedding night I could barely muster a grin. Why was I so cold? Why couldn't I just be happy? Maybe it was because I knew that it would end. That eventually we would both die, and I would become a toddler again and she wouldn't.
I didn't know that she would be gone so soon. The morning after our wedding, I woke to find her not in my bed. Instead, she was in front of me, dangling from the ceiling fan. She had a single tear trailing down her cheek. I found that I was crying, too. Before I knew it, my body reacted. There was no thought involved, just pain. I was out the window before I could mourn her.
And now I'm back. I remember everything. I don't care what my new life is like anymore. I don't even say a word, I just find the nearest sharp object. Maybe one more loop and I can smile again. 
One more loop and I can be happy.
