I would have been twenty five tomorrow. There would have been cake, probably beer, and then more cake to follow that but now here I sit. It was sudden, my passing that is, one wrong turn by a bus driver, one slip of an accelerator and I was flat on the floor.

“Dead men tell no tales”, we’ve all heard it, so how am I writing now? Well, they’ve given me access to the internet in this lovely little waiting room, even had a TV for 'current Earth affairs'. “They” being the gods. 

I was nine when I lost my faith, a reasonable age to realise the man in the sky was too busy playing pool and drinking with Mozart to really take a chance to look down on his creation.

“Mr Sandford?” The receptionist said, her outfit a plain white but spotless “They’re ready to see you now.” She gave me a strange smile. 

The door was ancient, carved of stained oak and inlaid with runes from a thousand different cultures. Cuneiform linked into Nordic, English into German and it all spiralled into a single circle of Babylonian. 

“There’s….there’s no door handle” I placed my hand on the centre, and like a slinky, the door sprung backwards and then into itself and collapsed. I took my first step forward, and the room behind me disappeared, and with my second, I wasn’t sure where I was.

A room, as vast as any I had ever seen or dared to imagine spread from one corner of my vision to another. Thrones sat in rows, each carved and shaped in their own unique way; some of stone, of wood and metal yet all ornate. The rows collapsed down onto themselves, as to create an amphitheatre. It was only when I looked at the very bottom, the last rung of the thrones that I saw the very smallest of stools sat at its base. 

“What...the…hell?”

“Oh, so close, Sam, so close!” A man with a flowing grey beard addressed me, while he pointed a spear in my direction, his throne sat far in the nose bleeds  “You’re in…well…I guess you’re not in Valhalla yet” 

“Pfft, Valhalla” I laughed in his face “And I take it you’re Odin?” The throne crackled like lightning under him, and the sky that was once motionless became a maelstrom of greys and light blue streaks.

He nodded with reverence, as one might expect from a man called the Allfather.
 
“So what is this, a recruitment drive?” I span with my arms out

“As the day is long, I think he’s got it” spoke another voice, this one sat next to Odin, and while his appearance was almost identical, his throne was of gold and marble, that all intertwined “No need to change the scenery, I think he understands who I am” Zeus said, pompously. 

And so it went on, for hours. Zeus and Odin made their cases, Valhalla and the Underworld, and soon Poseidon and Hades joined in, perhaps bartering alongside Zeus for a shred of my incorporeal being. As more and more of the thrones were occupied, more and more made their point.

Babylonian gods I had never heard of promised me immortality in their realms of blood and creation. Aztec gods promised me gold and to be able to eat to my heart’s content and so on and so on. More and more now are stating their case, some even bickering over what percent of me they could get if they went in together.

“I’m not a combo meal” I reminded them, and they all turned to me as if I had said that Odin’s beard wasn’t as mighty as Zeus’.

Jesus was nice. He said “His dad was busy, something about cribbage with a few of the popes and he wasn’t going to allow them to swindle him out of the sweep stakes”, and he even gave me a sash and a handful of travel sweets. 

Soon it became the middling gods. One offered to have me transported to a land of wine, where it flowed as free as the breeze, where comely woman would see me to bed while he played the harp, where I could always be loved and make love. 

“I don’t drink” my statement was followed by the smashing of bottles and loud cursing. 

The pantheons began to thin out, Greek gods each offered me their own, and I shook my head at them. The Roman gods tried their lot, but were shouted at by Ares for being “posers” and a fight began. 

Another stood, except this time, he made his way down to me to look me in the eye “Why not take my hand, boy?” His face was gaunt, and long, with perfect teeth set against the black swirl of hair that cascaded across his shoulders “Have you never wanted to see what we could do together?” His smile was familiar.
 
“Hold on…I know that face!” I pointed a finger at him “You got a license to use Tom Hiddleston’s likeness?” He threw his helmet at me and sulked off. Meanwhile Thor had finally arrived in the far reaches and had made it known by spilling a keg of mead over Athena, who stood up in shock. 

In the middle of the rows began the ones I had never heard of. Cancree, some long dead priest who gained deity status via his follower's worship had offered a simple life in the hereafter. A life of plain living, of waking at six as if I were breathing and to see to the fields.

“Next!” I shouted, to the amusement of the growing crowd. 

It had become the followers of followers of gods, the little guys that you may hear once in your life time that someone had deified in the smallest regions of outer Cambodia. 

“Dave from Reading gave me homage!” screamed one from the 4th row “For I am he who…” he looked down at his scrap of paper “That sows the winds, that sees the day to its closure, that holds the moon in his hands. I. AM. CRAIG!”

“Jesus Christ!”

“YES!?” he screamed over the sound of Athena and Thor verbally abusing each other, one shoving the other while their dads tried to sue for peace.

I let out a long sigh. 

Now we were truly in the unknown territory. A man who called himself “The God of WiFi” proclaimed that I would never lose signal, nor would my upload and download be below ‘one million gigabytes’ all while shaking a stick that had USBs tied to it with Ethernet cables. 

“I’m Neil” a man raised his hand; he looked simple “I’m the god of beard shaving”. He raised his hand and his beard fell into his lap and then regrew “Yeah…”.

When it had gotten to the stools, I had found myself wishing to go back to being sprawled on the pavement with my life blood flowing out of me. The amphitheatre had given way to a sparsely populated wasteland of thrones; some toppled over, others as simple as a rocking chair but at their bottom sat those stools. 

“Hey, I’m Nazir” The man stood up in front of me, from the row of six children’s plastic stools “I’m the guy behind that sound when you think the phone's ringing, but it isn’t. So you get out of your shower , rush downstairs and find that it wasn’t ringing at all!” 

I felt empowered when I threw a punch at him, and even more when he knocked himself out on the red Fisher Price stool. The rows clapped, and soon after, created a Mexican wave and as the wave came to a final row, they began to chant my name.

**SAM SAM SAM**

“Have you made your decision?” Odin asked, while Thor and Athena now sung to each other. 

A thousand gods, some merely men, others things of tremendous power and ability all looked at me with anticipation. Each had offered me a good deal…except Neil, he just liked being able to grow his beard as fast as possible. 

I pondered it; an eternal life of fighting in Valhalla, more food than my body could cope, perhaps that was right. Heaven sounded awesome too, and I’m sure I could easily beat a few popes at dodge ball if I could persuade them to play, and that sweep stakes had intrigued me.  

“All of your offers are nice” I looked to the corner of the room, where the shadows merged. Two people flicked me off, Loki sticking his tongue as he did it, while the god who offered me nothing but wine and woman waited with a broken bottle in his hand “But I’m afraid…I’m going to have to…”

“SPIT IT OUT, BOY!” screamed a large feathered serpent who wrapped himself around his throne of dazzling gold, all inlaid with reds and greens. 

“I…I’ll go back to the waiting room, thanks.” 

***

My heart stopped. They told me it was a possibility, a broken heart always follows a loss. All those people I could have said goodbye to, all those things I could have done, but I feel at rest. At least the waiting room I'm in now has air conditioning and WiFi. I spend my first hour scrolling through websites just to see what happened the day I died. 

The receptionist, a man with a name tag that I can barely make out, waves at me with a broad smile when I glance at him. He goes about tapping on a tablet, while taking longing looks at the TV marked "Current Earth Affairs" on the far wall. He turns to me again, hitting the tablet one last time before he smiles at me once more. 

"Julie?" His tone was professional, but comical "It's your turn! Come on down!" I laugh, and as I approach glance at the simple name tag. 

"Thank you, Sam" 

(Author note: edited the end to be a bit less ambiguous) 