When the first one went, muttering those words we brushed it off. Maybe he was out of it and didn’t mean anything by it. Then another said it to a sad family crowded around the bed. Suddenly all around the world people were uttering this hesitant phrase, but what did it mean? All continents across the globe, every country and region, the dying whispered these four confusing words. What is happening? 

Then it happened. TV channels began switching to emergency broadcasts. Phones began chiming out of control, one warning after the next. “Stay inside, seek shelter”, “if outside head to the following underground shelter”, “NASA reporting large objects on collision course with earth”. The major news networks began airing live addresses from the Whitehouse along with other respective national capitols, “space observation sites around the globe are witnessing a field of interstellar objects nearing earth’s orbit at blinding speeds, brace for sudden impact across both hemispheres”. Emergency broadcast screens took the place of all other stations. The next statements sent a shiver down our spines, “this just in- the objects are slowing down, they are decreasing in speed upon entering low orbit”. 

Above the clouds we saw dozens of black dots, in small formations they descended. More followed and others still, the skies were filled with the dots. As they defended faster we caught our first glimpse. Vehicles, black with yellow sigils on the sides. Retro thrusters firing they came through the clouds, black craft with black smoke trails above them. First it was the live streamers, YouTube channels abound with live footage of the skies around the globe. News networks did their best to film what they could but there were just more individuals broadcasting live on phones, they saw the first ones. Some of the footage became shaky and unwatchable as they began to run and dive for cover, we quickly found other more vigilant broadcasts. The skies erupted with the bursts of flak and anti-aircraft fire, explosions filled the air. Some of them were destroyed and rained down fire and debris littering the ground beneath, but they were too fast. Huge concussions rang out as the swarms of craft slammed into the earth, some landing on hills or in ravines even in towns and cities. When they hit, everything around them collapsed, buildings shaken to the foundations toppled to the ground. Dozens at a time impacted the ground despite the bursts of flack or the tracers that arced across the skies. The sky now awash with fire and smoke. 

The ships were the size of houses, the emblems on the sides finally visible- yellow art in the shape of a two dimensional rubber duckies with crossbones beneath them. Many of those filming fled for their lives while others stood fast. Then, one at a time they began with the horns, steam spewed out above the ramps. Giant doors, a metallic grinding echoing out, rode open crashing into the earth beneath them. Large clouds of smoke and dust were sent up as the doors dug in. Out they came. Regular-sized ducks wearing small power armor suits and wielding  bright green rifles. We didn’t know what we were seeing, lines of them, eyes glowing red in the silver suits of armor. Before we had time to think, the duck legions opened fire. Hundreds upon hundreds of green beams streaked through the streets, up inn-across the fields and into the towns, so many lasers you couldn’t see anything else. Onward they marched.