Ship isn't functioning

Crew is dead

No way to make contact

No way to get back.

Just me and the only functioning cryopod stuck on this giant ball of crimson dust they call a planet.

Entering the pod is an extension of my last lingering thread of optimism. Maybe they'll find me. Maybe I'll be saved. I just need to give them time.

Thankfully you can still open the pod while in sleep. It puts you in a lucid dream state. You can wake up any time you want, even though you have no sense of time.

The "cook time", as me and my crew called it, said I'd been under for four years.

Four years.

There's no point, if they aren't here by now, they've given up. They assume I'm dead, just like everyone else.

I lean my back against the airlock of the ship. My hand on the release lever. NASA, my family, they gave up on me. I have no reason to stick around. I remove the helmet from my spacesuit and pull the lever. I open my arms, ready to embrace death in a breathless atmosphere.

I breathe in

I breathe out

I breathe in

I say "Holy shit".

Am I still dreaming? Am I still in the God damn pod?

Mars at night becomes a rusted shade of blue, it looks like you're walking on water. Vast emptiness interrupted by the occasional mountain or crater. I see a light peaking over the edge of the planet. At first I think it's the sunrise, but it shouldn't be coming from that direction.

I walk

And walk

And walk

Until I find myself on the edge of a city. It looks just like NYC. Skyscrapers towering over poorly kept city streets. These streets are filled with cars, though they look heavier than the ones on Earth. These cars are driven by people. Human people. They're on the sidewalks, in the buildings, they're everywhere.

As I shuffle my way through the crowds, I notice them staring at me. In New York, you get used to seeing weird shit on the streets. You ignore it, keep walking. You should see these assholes. They're looking at me like they've never seen an astronaut before. They're the ones wearing neon shirts and tight pants. I should be givin' them dirty looks.

Eventually a cop walks over to me. At least I think he's a cop. He's in blue, has a badge, a gun.

I'll save you the details of me being sent from building to building. Government official to government official. Reporter to reporter.

Everyone wanted to know who I was. No one believed me. I'm shown pictures of me and my crew before we left Earth. I'm braught to a memorial commemorating the brave men and women who lost their lives getting to Mars, myself included. It isn't until my wife is called in that everything is settled.

They're here.

My wife

My son

They came up with one if the settlement vessels a few years back. My wife is a DA, she finally got her law degree. She never remarried, never even saw anyone else. She's ready to pick up where we left off. My son is 14 now, wants to be an astronaut, just like his old man.

After settling in the Prime Minister of Mars offers me a lead position at the Mars division of NASA. My son comes with me to sign the papers, wants to see how much paperwork it takes to be an astronaut. I missed seeing him smile. I hand in the papers, hug my son, and the cryopod door opens.

I step out of the pod and scratch a frozen tear from my face. Eighty years. Still in the pod. They've given up on me.

I lean my back against the airlock of the ship. My hand on the release lever. I have no reason to stick around.