It is a bright, warm morning on the midwestern grasslands.

Situated in the center of the grassland, within easy reach of their dwellings, the rapidly maturing young humans journey to their group meeting point. It has been carefully constructed out of materials they have gathered and mined from the surrounding land, and outfitted with the tools that the more elder humans think will assist in their learning. 

Unfortunately, they have made an error in judgement. While they tried to put the young ones near books in hopes of having learning happen, the young males and females have been putting themselves near each other, in hopes of something quite different.

This young male has been preening himself since before the sun came up; making sure his hair was slicked just properly, chosing his most brilliant clothing to make him stand out from the crowd. When you are surrounded by similar faces, one must find some method of visual distinction.

As he wanders the area, he looks for a certain female that he has been courting for the last few weeks. He has been slowly increasing the prominence of his mating displays, hoping to lure her in with his bravado, while avoiding going so far as to be off-putting.

This morning, he has decided to commit to the final stage of his display.

He lays down sheets of paper that were made from compressed plant fibers, forming a kind of stage for himself in the center or the common area. He knows that his potential mate will pass by the area on her morning routine, but he doesn't have much time to mentally prepare himself.

The final stage of his plan is finally revealed; a boombox into which he has loaded what he is sure will make her swoon for him.

Finally, the female comes into sight, and he begins. Turning on the boombox, he puts on the most active and daring display he can, attempting to show off his power and viritily. Unfortunately, the cardboard he laid down earlier was placed in haste, and he slips early on in his routine.

The female seems amused, but distinctly not aroused.

He attempts as best he can to recover, but a crowd of others has gathered and the pressure seems to take its toll. The remainder of his performance is lackluster and inspires more mockery than it does amorous intentions. Defeated, he finishes quickly, grabs his boombox, and departs, leaving the cardboard as a scattered reminder of his attempt.

The female rejoins her group, but not before watching him leave with a mild sense of amusement. She doesn't seem wholly to have written him off, but today will definitely not be his day.

Once again by himself, the young male licks the wounds to his pride. He has suffered a loss today, but it will make him stronger and smarter the next time he attempts a display. For such is the way of nature; he will survive this experience and live to fight another day.