They have found me. I fear my time is short. I will forward this letter to someone I consider reliable. I ask only that you do with this information whatever you feel is right. I am too far inside the belly of the monster. I cannot see dawn. I do not know what is right or good or just. You must be better than me. You must be brave.

It all began in the spring. The thaw had come and so I retrieved my bicycle, intent on reconnecting with the wild world of these wondrous northern lands. I rode to the park on Hillsborough. The day was warm, I recall - warm and sweet. A perfect day.

This feeling would not last.

Rounding a corner I came upon a battalion of *geese*. Big, gray, hulking beasts, they pecked and flexed their enormous wings, waddling purposefully towards the path. I assumed they would stay to the side and let me pass. I was wrong. 

The geese swarmed the road. They were not crossing. They were not going anywhere. They had - it appeared - chosen to occupy the path for the sheer purpose of being pricks.

I slowed my bike, attempting to forge a path. Wings spread and fluttered menacingly. They chirped and barked in their strange grunting trill. Beaks lashed out at my bike and my feet and exposed legs. I cried out, backing up. They pressed forward, tightening the swarm. Again, I could see no purpose for their actions other than pure malice and the desire to be assholes.

Pecked and plucked, I finally managed to turn my bike. Still, they snatched at me. I peddled, harder than I have ever done. They chased. Some took flight. They chirruped and barked, racing ever at my side. I burst from the park onto the main road, nearly colliding with a sedan. Satisfied, my attackers swooped away - off to harass another.

Canada geese. I could not help but wonder *why*? Why were they such desperate, unquenchable pricks?

The answer, I believed, must lie in their motherland. Canada. That land of almost comical kindness. How could such heinously wretched beasts have been produced in such a pleasant place as Canada? I would go to find out.

My first curious encounter occurred at the border crossing into Ontario. The gentleman in the booth asked me my business and I saw no reason to lie.

"I am researching Canada geese," I announced, hoping I may gain some insight before even leaving the United States. "I am curious about their temperament."

"Is that so?" said the crossing guard, almost, I detected, with a hint of wary.

"They are a singularly aggressive and, might I say, *rude* species. I thought the answer as to why may lie here in Canada."

The border patrolman sniffed and whispered something into his radio. I did not hear the response, but the man told me to pull off to the side for an inspection. Three hours later, my car and my possessions tossed, I was told to turn back. I did not have the proper papers for scientific studies. 

Curious.

I came back some time later, passing through another border, hoping my name had not been added to any sort of list. When asked, I said my visit was for entertainment purposes and left it at that.

I was let through into Canada.

I began my interviews. I drove to the much renowned College of Canada and sought out their professors of ornithology. They were each, to the man and woman, shifty and off-put by my questions. They did not scold and their smiles never faltered, but neither did they answer my questions, and almost all sought to be rid of me as soon as I raised the subject. 

Last, I met with a professor named Klingsbeard. I decided to be as aggressive and unyielding as the geese I studied. I hounded this Klingsbeard. I would not take "no" for an answer. Always, always, she smiled and nodded and said she did not know and could not help and did I need directions to the nearest Tim Horton's? But I was relentless. At one point she excused herself and I - to my mutual shame and credit - followed her silently from afar, hoping to uncover *some* bit of useful information. Here is what I discovered.

This Klingsbeard retrieved a paper bag from a dispenser in the wall. I had seen these dispensers but thought little of them. Klingsbeard took the bag to a quiet place, wrapped the open end around her mouth, and began to scream herself red. 

The sound was somewhat muffled in the bag, but most of the curse words I could hear just fine. On and on she went, screaming and cursing and jibbering with rage. Finally, she pulled her mouth free and sealed the paper bag at the top with a strip of attached adhesive. Taking a steady breath, she then popped the inflated bag into a trash bin. 

I hid around the corner. Once Klingsbeard walked off to look for me, I bounded to the trash can and pulled off the lid, snatching out the inflated bag.

What a curious thing.

It was no more than what it seemed - a paper bag somehow stuffed with air. It did not any sense to me. Careful to check that Klingsbeard was not nearby, I peeled off the adhesive. Warm air rushed out of the paper. 

To put it simply, my blood began to boil. 

I felt anger like I had never felt. Strange, bone-deep hatred and hostility. I wanted to punch Klingsbeard. I wanted to punch the wall. I wanted, oddly, to punch myself. 

I rushed out of the building for fear of what I might do. Klingsbeard spied me leaving and flashed a wide smile, waving her hand and shouting, "It was a pleasure! Come back any time!" She seemed sincere.

Outside, I gained some measure of control. Then I searched for the campus dumpsters.

They were loaded with those inflated paper bags. Piles and piles of them. How many, I could not even fathom. I would guess, based on the size of the College of Canada, that every teacher and student must have created at least three or four bags a day.

There was a service number on the side of one of the dumpsters. I called and made up a story about accidentally chucking my wife's favorite Maple Leafs jersey. They gave me the address of the dumping site. 

And there was my answer. Mounds like skyscrapers, reaching towards the blue sky. Just heaping piles of brown paper bags. And circling above - scores and scores of Canada geese.

"Oh my god," I gasped. "How could they? *How could they!?!*" I bellowed and screamed and stomped. Then I saw all the empty, deflated bags and knew I could not stay there. This was inhuman. It was wrong. A crime against emotion. A crime against the *damn, hateful geese*.

I heard the beeping of the garbage truck too late. Men were coming. They saw me. More, I believe they saw the light in my eyes. The light of discovery. The trucks bore down on me. I ran to my car and drove.

The chase has gone on for days. Ever I have gone north. They are driving me away from my people - my wonderfully complicated people. I have found an abandoned ranger station with an internet connection. Soon they will swarm me - much like their geese. There are no bags up here in the wild north. They will be angry when they catch me. 

Perhaps the bags are justified. Perhaps they are not. I do not know anymore. So I have told you what I know and what I have seen. Now it is up to you. 

Tell others. Or tell no one. Whatever you think is right.

It is too late for me. I am sad and angry and exhilarated. I am blessed to feel so many things. 

Good luck. 