If you have dreamed about living forever before the nineteenth century, people would have said you’re crazy. If you insisted that humans could live forever before the twenty first century, you would probably have a date with a straightjacket and a padded cell. But, today if you said that you lived too long and wanted to die, people would applaud you for it.

Funny how society works sometimes.

Genetic coding and restructuring, hailed the biggest scientific leap in mankind. And it’s more infamous title, mankind’s greatest back step in sociology. Each of us now looked exactly like how we entered the gene clinic before the treatment. We still retained all our strength and knowledge, which the researchers assured that we would keep indefinitely.

“With this technology, we can conquer time itself.” The researchers who developed the technology had happily announced this during their Noble Prize speech. It was sort of ironic how each of them chose to end their lives before their 200th birthday.

To be honest, I was rather tired of this world. I’ve been to Everest far too many times to know which patch of ice was dangerous, and racing was getting very dull. Life sucked, but I wasn’t going to move on.

“Just take the pill, it won’t hurt I promise,” my granddaughter, who was a hundred and nine years old, was trying to offer me poison to kill myself. And people still argued that society wasn’t already screwed up.

“Nope, not happening,” 

“Here comes the airplane.” She cooed, trying a different approach.

“I’m 400 years old, not 4. You’re just disgracing yourself.” 

“Well, you’re kinda throwing a tantrum of a 40-year-old going through his midlife crisis.” 

“Eh, whatever,” I tried to shoo her away.

“Surely you can’t be serious, gramps. Even both your sons have already moved on, why are you so insistent in staying alive?”

“For starters, my name ain’t Shirley,” I bared my teeth. “And I don’t care what other people think of me or what my family does. I’ll be myself, thank you.”

She cocked her head to a side and giggled. “Are you afraid of death, gramps?”

“Death,” I smirked. “Don’t make me laugh, I ain’t afraid of him.”

“Time waits for no one, but death waits for everyone.” She tried reasoning once more.

“Tell him to keep waiting then.”
