"I never really understood."  The woman was looking past me.  I turned, but behind me was just the street, a pizza parlor across the way, and a few parked cars.

"I'm sorry.  Understood what?"  I'll admit that I suspected this was going nowhere.  Sometimes you talk to a homeless person and you hear a compelling story, sometimes it just devolves into yet another reason why homelessness and mental illness often go hand in hand.  I half expected a rant about pizza.

"What those workers are doing.  It just makes no sense.  I can only see them with my aunt's old glasses on. I wouldn't even wear them unless they helped me to see.  I can't afford glasses of my own."

"What workers?"  I had just enough benefit of the doubt to check the street for newly patched pavement.  There was none.

"The workers who don't ever stop.  Oh it doesn't matter.  I saw them building my car crash.  When I avoided it, they just built a heart attack in its place.  You take my aunt's glasses.  A heart attack is kinder than a car crash.  I don't think they're bad, just doing their job.  Here, take them, take them."  She took off the glasses and waved them at me.  I took them, hoping to give them back.  She fell down.

"Ma'am!  Ma'am?"  I shoved the glasses in my pocket.

One 911 call, a twenty five minute wait (that felt like forever), and a bewildered absence later, I was alone again on the street.  The glasses shifted as I put my phone away.  I took them out.

I put them on.

I saw workers.  They were human looking, but easily nine feet tall.  They wore what looked like grey felt dresses, maybe more like togas.  They were everywhere.  

One pair were lifting glowing red frozen flames onto the pizza parlor.  They had a stack of them on the ground.  In the same place, I saw more workers putting up a fence that said "Coming soon from Exurbia Realty, Archway Industrial Park".  In the same place, still more workers were adding steel beams to a building in construction.

I saw a worker pasting raindrops into the air, his hand flicking back and forth as though he did this all the time.  Another held a bird, brought it into a swooping course down the street above the level of the parked cars, which now appeared to overlap each other and numbered in the hundreds.  A worker placed a penny on the ground then marched off.  Another placed a man on the sidewalk, walked away, then came back with a woman, who he put in the man's way, each positioned so that they did not see the other.

One worker walked up to me and looked at my shirt, then flicked his hand and left what appeared to be bird poop on me.  Then he winked at me.

I had been mesmerized by the endless intricacies before me, wrought by these mysterious giants, but that shook me.  I grabbed the glasses off of my face and started to breathe heavily.  I felt a bit of a panic rise in me, and felt ashamed to have been so taken in by what I saw.  With the glasses off, I saw no workers.

Then a bird pooped on my shirt and flew off down the street, above the cars parked there.  That made me laugh.

The next day, the morning news brought word that the pizza parlor had burned down in the night.  That made me think.  I looked up Exurbia Realty.  There wasn't one.  Call me crazy, but I registered the name as a business.  Then I wore my new glasses to a casino.  It took a little getting used to, but I made enough money to buy out a burned down pizza parlor.