I’m the history teacher. Don’t you look eager? I’m ready to give you knowledge young seeker. 

My lectures are filled with no forms of conjecture. Mapped out the whole story like an architecture. 

Every single detail, I know it all in detail. Like I know the back of my hand or when to exhale. 

Dates and names, wars and culture. Describe the mausoleum like I’m standing in the middle of the structure. 

No student’s question I can’t answer. I’m a master of the past and the dead, the necromancer. 

But today a student has filled me with anger. Broke my standard of usually being candor. 

He raised his hand while still slouched in his chair. Looking at me with an eager stare. 

I was discussing the implications of the industrial age. How those early machines impact us today.

 He begins his questioning sounding unsettling. Talking about history and it’s constant editing. 

He claims that our ancestors had it better. Technology we couldn’t understand and in fact are forgetting. 

Saying the pyramids lead to another dimension. Not physical, but like by an extension. 

People inside them have magical experiences. He states as a fact that all of the prophets from the religious doctrines went inside separate pyramids, which explains their differences. 

And me, in a fun mood, embracing his rebellious attitude, responded by saying he was absolutely correct. As soon as the pyramids were erect they immediately went into effect. 

I took it even further by saying that there were descendants of living observers. That saw prophets entering into this triangular shaped server. 

They’ve told their families the true pyramids power and routinely take them to the pointed towers. 

The most powerful people in the world go there often. Maybe you’ll catch them one early morning in autumn. 

That’s when the bell rang and everyone flushed out. Laughing in amazement as they all rushed out. 

I laughed too as I packed to go home. Not really thinking about anything that just happened. At night I thought about it and started laughing. 

Then went to sleep, feeling refreshed when I awoke. “Are we going to the pyramids today?!” my daughter spoke? 

I almost choked, she was 5 years old, how did she even find out what a pyramid was? 

I assumed this was a joke from my wife the comic. She entered the room smiling looking honest. 

She said to me “don’t think about breaking your promise. Go take a shower I’ll pick you an outfit out of the closet”. I was astonished. 

I went to grab a drink first from the kitchen and saw the newspaper. 

A headache was starting to pop in my mind as I read the headline 

“Another genius discovered at the pyramids, this is major!” 