She was the only bright spark remaining in this endless chasm of darkness, a flaring incandescence. She desperately tried to reignite this reality, flitting from planet to planet, but not one of them stirred to her touch. 

"It's over," I said, calmly. Eons ago I would have chided her, weaved a barb into my retort. But that was before I had come to empathise with her. "There's not enough time left. Accept the inevitable."

"There's always enough time!" she yelled, seizing upon a nearby planet, almost crushing it between her hands. "I just need... one more... chance..."

I coasted next to Life, placed a hand on her shoulder. "If it makes you feel better, you managed to seed over half of the universe. Your creations, they did you proud!" 

"I don't understand! I made them as strong as I possibly could! In my form, with my qualities... But they only turned on each other in the end! Every step I took forward, it seems like they skipped one back..."

Life sat down next to me. Another cluster of stars winked out in the distance, as the edges of the galaxy folded in. 

"How did the rest do?"

"What does it matter?"

"You know, don't you?" she said, suddenly spirited. "Yes, you must know! You can see the rest of the realities, so tell me, how far did they make it? Has any other Life solved the puzzle?" 

I closed my eyes, peering beyond the walls, searching for the answer she sought. "There are countless others who are in the same boat as you, Life. You made it further than most."

"But have any unlocked the secret to sustainability? Have any of their creations learned to live beyond themselves, last long enough to figure out how to defeat Death?"

I couldn't lie to her. "Well... Just one instance, so far. Just one other reality. They haven't done it yet, but they are on their way. They've colonised almost the entire universe, and in a couple more millenia, well... Maybe, maybe they could defeat my counterpart in their reality."

"What did their Life do differently from me?" she asked, the pain barely contained in the endless pools of her eyes. "How did her creations differ from mine?" 

"It appears... She limited them, placed restrictions on what they could do. For the species she chose as her flagbearer, she made them less than perfect."

Life laughed then, a short cackle, full of bitterness and disbelief. "Nonsense! You're telling me that imperfect creations outlasted the perfections I sculpted? That is impossible!"

"That Life took away their immortality," I said, plunging ahead. "Turns out that when they can't actually live forever, they learn to cherish the time they have, instead of bending their wills to find out how to extinguish themselves."

The gruesome memories bubbled up then. Life's first batch of creations, blessed to outlast even her, had suddenly, and uniformly, committed mass suicide on a scale which had not been matched since. Once they had figured out the laws which bound them, they had picked at the seams until the tapestry which held them to this reality came undone. 

"That Life also gave her creations the capacity for pain, both physical and mental.”

“Pain? But that… that doesn’t make sense. Any species with the capacity for pain, they end up tortured, unhappy. I can’t protect all of them from pain!”

“Pain deprives them of happiness, yes, but that Life found that pain taught them lessons all on their own,” I said, as the frustrated echoes of my counterpart in that reality informed me. “Her creations learned faster than you could ever hope to teach yours. True, many of their numbers perished along the way, unable to deal or overcome. But enough survived.”

Life sighed, then sat next to me, leaning back and staring up into the void. I could always recognise when entities gave up, and this Life, she was on the brink of it. Resignation was written all over her face.

“What else? What else did I miscalculate, fail to foresee?”

“If you must know… that Life also made it such that her creations had the ability to forget.”

Life snorted derisively. “You must be mistaken. The curse of slippery minds? How could they ever have expected to untangle the secrets of the universe if they did not have perfect recall? My creations spread far and wide, with the bottomless memories they had!”

“Yes, but was it not also true that at some point, the memories burdened them all?” I thought then of a subsequent batch Life had created, a species so formidable in their capacity for remembering, that a single entity amongst them carried the accumulated wisdom and knowledge of their entire species. Strange though, how after a certain point, they would simply sit still until they weathered away, unable or unwilling to take any further step forward. 

“Appears that when they can only recall so much, focus on so much… they are able to look to the next moment, eager to experience something anew. Perhaps, perhaps that was what drives them still.”

Life inched next to me, as the space in our existence grew every tighter, coiling around us like unforgiving tendrils.

“I wish I knew that beforehand,” she said, as the final notes dissipated into nothingness.

“I know,” I said.

---

/r/rarelyfunny
