These slips of paper here, they are not my hoard. But they're the closest metaphor to it, and I can keep them here whereas the adventurers themselves cannot be confined to a single vault. Each one of these pages bears a name and title, an oath of kinship to this place and its people, and a contract that would pass their equipment to their peers if they died.

They come here seeking dangerous problems to solve. The lesser mortals come here with their troubles. Goblin incursions, cursed barrows, dragons that need slaying.

Yes.

And for this work they are paid. Often by the townsfolk, occasionally by me. Gold coins leave my collection willingly and go into their hands; why? Why would any dragon do such a thing? It is an aberration. We do not *give.*

But the way of the human clade is more nuanced. It took me a long time to imitate. They trade lesser sacrifice for greater reward, and the result on net is to have more wealth than I started with. An outcome I could not achieve *without* sacrifice, an avenue opened to me by studying them.

It may be difficult for a dragon to understand. I doubt you will ever learn.

But why? Again, why? What wealth do I receive that exceeds gold by such a margin as to make the trade worthwhile? Mortal flesh comes cheap. Can these adventurers truly be so special?

Well, no. Not at all; they are meat like any other, somewhat more capable of violence, but otherwise normal. It is not for the adventurers themselves that I do this. But look at what they bring into my hoard, behold.

This one. This page, a prime example. His peers call him a brave warrior, strong and capable in battle, at least by their standards. He trims himself in the best armor their smiths can forge, a copper-mithril alloy. He studs the shoulders and collar in enchanted gemstones he collects in his work. His cloak is woven from the silk of a eldritch worm-thing several dimensions removed from us, impossible to cut. His sword is two thousand years old, a blade of prophecy cut from a basilisk's tail, a sliver of crystal that is poison itself all the way through.

He will die, one day. All of this will pass to one of his comrades at my discretion. These treasures are my hoard, the gems and enchantments, mithril and orichalcum, weapons that slay gods and armor hewn from the pelts of eldritch horrors.

Do you see now? Would you rather have gold or this?