As I recall it, I was only 24 or 25 at the time. Its been a while since then and most memories have long since faded, other than what I keep in my books that is. Here, there is no concept of time, only a compilation of moments, and with no construct, the past quickly diminishes into the present. Makes the stay much more pleasant if I'm being honest.

Since I was a child, I recall that I was hit with a nagging feeling in the very hollows of the back of my brain, an itch that can't be scratched. The never-ending feeling that no matter what I do, I would just be another face in the world, never amounting to much in anyone's lives, and never amounting to anything, period. As I grew older it would grow, and just like a pet, I would feed the thought every day. And it showed.

Any relationship I managed to garner either slipped out of existence or ended with a loud bang, damaging the love of either involved. Even relationships forged at birth were soon left in fragments like a war torn city. My parents passed passed when I was in my teens, and as I know it, my last words were "I hate you". The relationship was always strained, but I loved them, but the feeling wasnt reciprocated. Love was often short lived, aside from the few pets I had owned.

I was tired. I worked hard, and I worked often, my one true love was my passion; working on cars. You name it, and ive probably built it. I raced, missed, dragged, and drifted every kind of car on, in, or across a path. Only fitting that that would be the way I went out.

It wasn't a hard decision for me really. I had no one, never had, and in my mind, never would. So why waste space and suck up oxygen that someone would kill to have. For what seemed like endless nights, I prepared. I built a car fit for someone about to end their lives. I wrote notes to the paramedics and police explaining my circumstances. You know, why I did it, I figured there would be questions that only I would have answers to. 

I was cool out. The cold that cuts through the trees, and chills you straight to the bone, like a warm knife through cold butter. I stood and embraced it knowing it would be the last night in would experience. With enough money to cover my cremation, and the instructions to follow my death in my chest pocket I sat down into the cockpit of the car, turned the key, creating a spark to ignite the engine. With a start loud enough to shake the loose earth below me, I drove off. 

I was an hour out from my destination, give or take a few minutes. When suddenly in a bright flash of light I was ripped from my car and placed into a room. This place looked familiar, but I couldnt think why. Nothing out of the ordinary I grabbed the cold beer sitting in front of me, popped the cap, and took a swallow, the thoughts of death fleeing my head quickly. There were two doors entering the room, which both quickly and simultaneously opened. One by one people started walking in; my parents, grandparents, old friends, lovers all alike slowly started filling the room. My mother, who more so than anyone meant the most to me, walked forward with a melancholy look written on her face. "Why would you feel so unloved that you would do this?" she expressed. Tears started flooding from my eyes as I explained to her the thoughts living in my head, ripping my soul starting at the foundation. "All of the people in this room love you, from the very bottom of their hearts" she stated lovingly "The thoughts you have in your head are made up in your head, and I'm so sorry we weren't around to explain that to you better". In that moment a weight that had been placed on my shoulders since birth was lifted. My whole body was shaking, tears flowing. One by one the entire room wrapped me in hugs, like a blanket, with so much love I had not been aware of my entire life. 

In a snap I was back in the seat of my car, going down I10 at 3:00am, going 180mph. My plan was to run off the road, end my miserable existence quick, and painless. I did not recall the room or the people I saw at the time, but my state of my mind changed in seconds. So much so that I turned the car around, went home and called a friend over for some brews.

I lived a long happy life, I'm not sure if that happens with everyone, but I'm glad it did for me. The rest of my life I spent helping others, and devoting myself to love. I grew old, married, had kids, and watched them grow up happy, hearts full of love and joy. I fell asleep one night, wife's hand in mine. When I woke up I was here, an entirely different place but surrounded by those I loved so dearly...