
Tommy and I are dead to Spencer. I’m Tommy’s only parent. I do everything with him. Hide and seek, playstation, movie night. Spencer obviously doesn’t want another kid (right after the accident, to me in a venomous, tear-drenched voice: *You’re a horrible person and a horrible mother, Lisa*) so it’s up to me to make sure Tommy doesn’t get lonely. I’m like Tommy’s bigger sister: we have a handshake that lasts 10 seconds, I roll my eyes when he does something stupid (you’re so annoying!), that sort of thing. I also play pranks on him, the biggest one being the Harry Potter one since he loved, no *loves*, Harry Potter. It’s a bit cruelly elaborate but it’s something we’ll laugh about when he’s older, I’m sure; one of our many memories together as mother and son. 

I’ve told him he’s a wizard (Hagrid voice!) and that everything is real, the train, the castle, the giant Squid. I even bought parchment and wrote an admissions letter: *Dear Mr Davis, It is my pleasure to inform you...*

We’re at King’s Cross. He’s excited, face red with anticipation and I’m rolling the mum camera.

“You have to do it at a bit of a run, puppy” I say, taking a quick snapshot of him in his immaculate dark robes. This one’s going straight on the mantle. “That’s what it says in the book.”

Beaming, he walks briskly away from me towards the archway, then does a light jog. I’m beside myself at this point and when he begins to run I zoom in.

And he disappears. 

And then reappears.

Indignant: “Mum!”

My sides. My poor sides. People are staring (people always stare) as I double down, heaving with laughter.

“There’s nothing back there!” He crosses his arms and fixes me with a glare that makes me laugh even harder.

“Uh yeah, that’s the point, puppy!” I exhale heavily and straighten up, tears streaming down my cheeks. “There is no Hogwarts!”

“Urggh.” Little scrunched up face, coming for me with his raised little fists, which I block with a big mum hug. “I’m gonna get you back! I kinda knew all along, though.” He buries his face resignedly in my coat. “Since I’m a ghost in your head and everything.”

A pause in which I hug him even tighter. “Yeah.”

Muffled voice in my coat: “Wish dad was here.”

I nod. Spencer hasn’t spoken to me since the accident that I caused a year ago, the accident that killed our son. 

“Me too, puppy.”



