The sound of pouring rain filled the room briefly before the door slammed shut, reducing it to a muted roar in the thick, stagnant air of that dingy apartment. A single shaft of flickering fluorescent light probed meekly through the window and was quickly swallowed by the gloom. I threw my heavy coat over the back of the chair and a plume of dust rose slowly in its wake. Blood dripped slowly from my hands. It wasn’t mine.

My sleepless nights were filled with hatred and bloodlust, a burning malevolence far beyond my control. My tortured days knew only the suffocating depression I dreaded so deeply and a profound self-loathing. I sat down on a musty, grey couch and buried my head in my hands. My body shuddered as I silently wept; watery, red tears dripping softly on the moth-eaten carpet. I’m not sure how long I wept in those dark and indifferent shadows, I had run out of tears long before I lifted my head and sighed. I wiped my face and pulled myself back together somewhat, leaving a vivid smear of crimson across my face in the process. 

Looking around the room I noticed a faint golden light peeking softly out from under the lid of a heavy wooden box on the table. Reluctantly I got up and made my way toward that damned wooden box that I hated so deeply yet relied on so heavily. As I slowly lifted the wooden lid a brilliant light spilled out and filled the room. It was a warm, rich, golden light; nurturing like honey and comforting like the innumerable yellows of autumn. 

I had opened this box countless times before only to find deathly green jealousy and fears like pitch-black smoke, or a deep red anger that burned to the touch. But now as I reached delicately into the box I lifted out a brilliant little golden light that danced upon my hand, radiating colour into the lifeless greys of the apartment. This was happiness.

I barely noticed the flashing lights that appeared had appeared in the window, barely heard the heavy thuds that rocked the door and splintered its frame. Filled with an indescribable bliss I fell to my knees, tears of joy welling up in my glistening eyes as the cold metal clasped my wrists behind my back. Weightless, I floated to my feet and glided toward the figures clad in black vests and helmets standing silhouetted in the open doorway. Oblivious to the men who steered me toward the patrol car as easily as a dandelion is steered by the breeze, I felt every rain drop like a tiny kiss on my skin and I drank in its sweet smell. 

For the first time in my life I was happy.