'Eh....'

'Este es el examen final', Eli thought to himself, reading the note on a post it.  He blinked and rubbed the dust out of his eyes as an ass-driven cart trotted by. Sat up, and continued his thought, 'el examen final? damnit where am I? okay so, final exam, yea. Este es el... well es el is basically "is the" so "is the final exam" so este is... ohhhhhh' He looked up, the pesos in one hand, and back to the note in the other.  Back to the pesos, back to the note.  He moved his thumb, and continued his thought, 'Prof. Johnson!?'  Indeed, that WASP threw him into it now.  

He looked back to his other hand and several village kids running away with his pesos.  'Damn' he thought. As he walked along the road, he thought many thoughts.  'Look at that monkey, flatly eating a banana.'
'That cloud looks like a turd, floating in the giant blue toilet of the sky.' 
but every once in a while the rage built inside him.  Then he thought, 'This is a GODDAMN PASS/FAIL elective course!'

He wandered into a roadside bar, which stood within a refurnished garage. CERVE-SOMBREROS glaring above the threshold.  

"Beer please." Eli said to the barkeep. 
"QUE!?" exclaimed el barkeep. 
"BEEEEE-" Eli continued the vowel shout for many seconds and rumbled his r's deep into his throat.  
El barkeep sheepishly puts down a cervesa, capped with a mini sombrero on a slice of lime, in front of Eli.  
Within one swig of brew, a bar-tender looked up from his bright pink drink garnished with an umbrella donning a mini sombrero. 
"Donde esta tu sombrero?" rumbled from the 'brero-tender.  
"Goddamnit Johnson! Did you spray tan yourself?"
Johnson stuttered in the broken Spanish he taught his students.  He's always kept his job by 'shock immersion' as he likes to call it.  And he can usually pull it off.  He had in fact spray tanned himself, though poorly. He can pull off a decent spray tan, maybe even get his neighbors to spray and play.  So long as enough pass the state exam, hes in the clear. Though Eli was a surprise.  
Eli wants to play sports, sports say keep good grades. With this class, failing took effort. 
"Fine! You pass!  Jesus fuck!" Exclaimed Johnson. Using up the last of his Spanish. 
The rest of the afternoon was spent drinking in merriment, the barkeep wiped off the brown shoe polish and joined in with a bright pink drink.  
"Cheers!" 
"Salud!"

