The impact concussed the house with an elephant stampede. Blazing, fiery white light like wrath of god flashed with such vengeance I briefly considered my fate. I wondered out loud if I was dead. As it turns out, I really wish I was. 

It stared at me. 

Creeping—whirring—it approached. Sweat dribbled down my back. The lamp light over the kitchen table flickered yellow, sparked, and died, leaving me alone in the pale afternoon light. An eerie silence descended on the house. 

Swallowing hard, I tiptoed towards the sliding glass door. My footsteps fell heavy on the treated oak floors. I’m not sure I deserved this. I lived a good life. I stayed clean—proper. I changed. My days at the agency were long over. 

“I know who you are,” I whispered. 

*Tink.* 

Just a slight ping against the glass. 

I knew the sound—steel on glass. My time in the service flashed back like vengeance. A shadowed room, with masked men screaming for mercy, but they knew secrets I needed to know. I drew out shards of glass and bounced them on the perforated metal floor of the submarine. 

*Tink.* 

“I was under orders. I had no choice!” I said through gritted teeth. 

*Tink. Tink.* 

Back on the submarine, the man’s leg quivered as I carved his name in blood. Glass shards in a raw wound will sting and bite for days. Left in place, they will fester and burn for hours on end. Sheer, raw agony. I had time. Days, maybe weeks before they planned to launch. Plenty of time to stop them. Plenty of time to enjoy every minute of the torture.

*Tink.* 

“You think this is a game? Some sick joke?”

The power cut out. The only sounds in my one-story ranch home came from outside. A low whirr, and the *tink* of the knife against the doorway. How did they find me? After all these years, I went underground. New job, new identity. Everything changed for me. How did they come back?

“You won’t show yourself? Coward!” I shouted. 

*Tink. Tink tink.* 

On the submarine, I slammed the head of the first men against the counter. Alarms flashed red, but they didn’t matter. The rest of the crew was dead by my hands. Who would save them now? 

“Where are the launch codes?” I snarled. 

“Fuck you,” he said, with a thick German accent. 

I leaned close to whisper in his ear, grinning.  “Don’t tempt me.”

*Tink.* 

Back at home, I pressed my back against the doorway, sweeping my eyes across the house. I never wanted this. I was done—I was out. I found a life after. I learned to cope with what I had done for my country. I worked at an animal shelter every Thursday. 

The little dogs ran around my legs every time I walked past. The ones beaten and hurt from trauma I held and cradled. Sometimes the most broken spirit needed a bit of mercy, a bit of love. All it took was a touch of kindness. 

One dog I remember more than all the others. I called him Prometheus, because the Pitbull looked like god himself had beaten him. He arrived raw and bloody and the vet said to put him down. 

But I couldn’t. Something about the way he looked at me. It was like he didn’t understand how the world could be so cruel and heartless. He barked and snapped at me. His legs didn’t work right, so he couldn’t lunge forward. He just wobbled into the corner and lay there defensively. 

I put my hand out towards him and he whined and growled. Then I touched his head, gently. I started petting him; he stared at me like he just discovered a whole new world. My calm touch was so new, so foreign that the poor creature didn’t know how to process it. 

I don’t know if a dog can smile. Not really, not in a way a human can. But I swear to god that day, when I sat with Prometheus, I made him smile. 

I sang an old sold they taught in the service. Over and over, cradling the poor lost soul, until the dog’s beatings caught up with him, and he wheezed his last right in my arms. I didn’t hold back my tears.

*Tink.* 

&#x200B;
***
I didn't intend for this to get heavy, but—well—here we are.   
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH
