Ever since Raven was a little girl, she always had Fluff.

Fluff had been her companion when her father left, and further company when her mother suddenly disappeared without a trace. Even on her own, Raven never felt alone because she always had Fluff, whose fur shone a sleek black and sometimes glinted purple in the right light. Even on her saddest, loneliest days, Fluff was always there, sometimes acting more akin to a friendly dog than a standoffish cat.

At one point in her life, Raven was convinced she would always have Fluff and only Fluff. Fluff was her soulmate. Fluff was her guardian. Fluff was her love and her life.

But one day... Fluff left. Completely disappeared. Raven was devastated. Her best friend for a surplus of thirteen years simply vanished into the night. She put up missing posters and checked the shelters daily. She gave out the posters to random passerbys and begged anyone to call her if he was found.

He never was.

It was on that night she had convinced herself that Fluff was dead, or never coming home. She sobbed over a picture of him and her, taken when she was little when her mother was still around. One would call it foolish to sob so openly over the loss of a cat, but Fluff was more than just a cat. He was like her brother.

Eventually, she cried herself to sleep, not even bothering to humor the idea of replacing him. Fluff was irreplaceable.

Sleep was an impossibility. Her mind was rampant of thoughts of her poor Fluff, and she fell into a fitful, light sleep. Only to be awoken when something crashed through her window.

She bolted upright in a panic, staring at the window that was formerly whole. The entire thing was shattered, and in it's place, standing in her room, were three figures.

The first was a man with long silver hair, wearing an eyepatch and a trenchcoat. The second was a young woman in knights armor, long brunette hair in a thick braid down her back. In the center was none other than Fluff.

"Fluff!" she exclaimed, immediately kneeling down to accept him into her arms, practically crying out of relief.

"Sorry, your highness, but there's no time!" Fluff spoke, hurrying up to her. Her mouth parted in surprise as he turned, nodded to the other two in the room. "We must hurry. This is Riley, who bears the mark of the Joker, and Rosario, who bears the mark of the Queen of Hearts."

"What...? Fluff... You can talk!"

"Yes, he can." the woman, Rosario, spoke gently with a smile. "Come along, Miss. We need to hurry."

"Hurry?" Raven asked as Rosario hauled her up by the arm. "To where? What's going on?"

Suddenly, the entire house shook, footsteps began to pound up the stairs. Riley cursed under his breath as he stepped forward, guns appearing in his hands out of thin air.

"They're already here." Fluff spoke, tail silently whipping back and forth. "Riley, we can't afford to fight them. We're outnumberd."

"Them?! Who's them?" Raven exclaimed as there was a pounding on her door.

"Alice's marionettes." Riley explained simply. "Alice is already ahead of us, Onyx. What are we going to do?"

"Onyx?" Raven echoed.

"We're leave and we'll meet with the others." Fluff answered Riley, hopping into Raven's arms. "Come along, your highness. You need to hurry!"

"To where? What's going on?"

"You bear the mark of the Cheshire Cat. Whoever has this role has incredible magic ability. Whoever have the strongest magic ability becomes the rule of Wonderland... Effectively making you a *queen."* Fluff explained. "My name is Onyx, I am the guard captain of Wonderland Revolutionaries. We fight to overule Alice and keep the bearers of marks safe."

He leapt onto the windowsill and glanced back. There was ominous scratching and moaning at her door.

"Now hurry. Alice isn't happy that we found you first. We need to get you back so that we can form our next plan."

&#x200B;