I hated being shrunk. My head was hurting, and I couldn’t feel my legs.

I could see the horizon of the new world as I was shrinking. The red coming across the sky as the sun set. It seemed like such a beautiful place until I saw the city.

City was kind of an exaggeration. It was more of a pile of rubble, with an occasional skyscraper looking structure jutting a few stories out of the ground. The area was covered in cracked stone, and toppled structures. I occasionally saw someone dart from building to building.

I had to be careful. This was the most dangerous area of the internment. This was where I was told I could find the guy I was looking for. But this is also where the rest of the dangerous criminals live.

Michael was kept in a vault deep under the city. No food, no water, and no free movement. Last we knew, we was handcuffed to the ceiling.

I didn’t know why they had to lock him up that tight. Legend has it he was the most powerful super villain, capable of wiping out the entire world by himself, just by thinking about it. Not even Project Valkyrie could stop him.

My mission was to get in and get out with Michael alive, and under control as fast as possible. 

I hit the ground harder than I thought I would. For a tiny planet, there sure was a huge amount of gravity. I narrowly missed a jagged spike protruding out of the ground a foot or so from where I landed.

To my left, I saw a group of people with the same black leather jackets huddled around a campfire. I assumed them to have all been a team back in the real world. To my right, a lone man standing in the shadow of a building, reading a book.

The people to my left seemed to notice my arrival. I heard one of them say something along the lines of “fresh meat,” but I didn’t hear much else of it. One of them picked up his gun, and started walking towards me.

“What are you in here for, beanie?” He asked me. 

“I’m looking for someone. A guy by the name of Michael. Said to be around here somewhere,” I responded.

The man seemed surprised, but in horror at the same time. He ran back to the campfire.

He said something along the lines of “No...can’t be...kill...let’s do it...”

The rest of the men surrounded me. Two of them had guns, the rest makeshift clubs. Some were wielding stop signs, concrete slabs, and even...ribs?

They were closing in on me, when one of them, whom I presumed was the leader, asked me, “What do you want with Michael?”

“I don’t know. Honestly. I was sent here to get him that’s all I was told!” I pretended to be scared (which was pretty easy considering how scared I actually was). I then grabbed my handy-dandy Fox Industries patented enemy repellant. It works really well.

A large explosion emanated from the small device, blasting everyone but me twenty feet back, some flying through the air. They got up, seemingly unfazed by the explosion.

The two men with guns pointed them at me and looked at me cautiously.

“He’s one of them!” he yelled. “Be extra careful, he might have more tricks up his sleeve!”

I had no idea what he was talking about. I didn’t know who they were, and that was my only grenade. I had a plan, but I was done for if they caught my bluff.

“Good eye, buddy. You’re right, I am one of them. And I’ve got plenty more things waiting for you,” I said.

They almost seemed afraid, but the leader caught my bluff. He pulled the trigger.

The man reading his book flew over the crowd and cast a spell: “Cast Spell: Destructive Flames.” A circle about twenty feet wide formed around me, and blasted outwards, flaming everyone who was outside of it.

The smoke cleared and all that was left was me, book guy, some ashes, and some assorted metal scraps. Book guy walked up to me.

“You’re a magician, aren’t you?” I asked him.

“Yes. I’m an elemental magician. Not very many of those left, nowadays,” he said. “So you’re looking for Michael?”

“Yes,” I said to him.

“He’s been trapped here for a while,” he started. “They say he’s been here since 2298. The X-Agents caught him, and caged him up. After that, they just left him here. Why would they want him back?”

“I have no idea,” honestly I didn’t.

“Oh well. They probably have a reason,” he stated.

Me? Working for the X-Agents? No. Definitely not.

There is no way the X-Agents would need me for anything. They’re the largest privately owned army of magicians in the world, they don’t need a regular mortal like me to do anything.

“Anyways, let’s got going. We’ve got a Michael to find,” he said.

Edit 1: spelling error