I still can't decide if the musket is a joke, or if things are just so weird here that everything I consider odd is in fact some form of "normal." 

What musket? Oh, just the musket given to me by a god, to arm me as his champion, to do combat with other champions of other gods, to win a tournament and claim my position as a new god. Because some god just got up and left his position. Disappeared without a trace. Or maybe with enough of a trace that the other gods are sure this god "left" and wasn't "killed", because they all seem to agree on that part of the story. They seem to have otherworldly knowledge without any sort of true omniscience, or something.

So my musket. Stock is wooden, brown. Barrel is metal, and black. These parts seem to be fused together, not obviously fastened in any way. No trigger. No... what do you call it? The hammer? The part of a revolver that gets cocked back in a movie to show someone means business. And no accessories. No ammo, no gunpowder, no rod to jam that stuff down the barrel. I'm no expert, but I'm pretty sure those parts are involved. Ultimately this thing looks like a prop, like something that would be seen from far away, or maybe scaled down and given to an action figure, where the viewpoint means the details are not necessary. But somehow this is my weapon.

"You still haven't explained how I'm supposed to use this."

The god smiled and ushered me into his villa. I sighed and followed, holding the musket in one hand. In the foyer, a pair of servants took our coats. It would later occur to me that they were angles, only not dressed the way they are often depicted in Earthly paintings. It wasn't until he removed his coat that I started to pay attention to my "patron" god, and immediately I noticed his appearance shifting. Before, he was clad in a full-body cloak, and walking with a staff, had a long beard, and had a very wizardly look. As soon as the cloak was shed, he began to... almost shrink. His beard grew shorter, and more neatly trimmed. He no longer appeared to tower over me as a wizard, instead standing before me in a smart suit with tie, a little old-fashioned, the way you see in old photos. He pulled out a pair of spectacles that were chained to his pocket, and as he put them on he briefly looked *human*. Which was almost as unnerving as being in the presence of a god in the first place.

We exited the side of the villa and sat in a pair of chairs in the garden. Drinks were already waiting for us, but I was still too anxious to touch mine. We sat in silence for an unknowable amount of time before the god sighed, and removed his glasses. He turned toward me and began to explain.

"At one point in human history, this contest was not necessary. Different pantheons managed their own followers and their own territories, and took care of filling vacancies when gods died or went missing or were otherwise unavailable. Over time, the globalization of the world caused the gods to become a threat as much as a boon for humanity. If you think wars between cultures arguing about the "one true god" are bad now, imagine how things would be if the world were still in a state where that god joined his followers in battle? The gods worked together to mute their presence, and resolved to working behind the scenes to help the world. This lead to many older gods losing power, ceasing to exist as they lost followers. It also caused new gods to come into existence to cover new domains of the modern age, gods that could function without the heavy reliance on mortal followers to grant them power."

"So what kinds of gods are there? And which one went missing?"

"Some you would expect. The old gods based on planets and moons and stars have been replaced by a pair of gods, one representing our home galaxy, and one representing the exploration of other galaxies. They're both new, as humanity is still observing these things from afar. There's a god of mass commerce. A fellow concerned with shipping crates and distribution centers, as opposed to individual merchants. Thor is still kicking around, but now he's god of electronic technology, and doesn't swing his hammer very often. Most of the monotheistic gods step back to deal with their followers and the afterlife, and don't even get as "hands on" as the rest of us, which isn't much to begin with. There are gods of travel and public health, the sciences, the arts, their quirky daughter who lives to blend the sciences with the arts, gods of communication, some I'm probably overlooking, some I've probably forgotten. We don't exactly get together like this very often. If it's something important in your world, it probably has a god. Many classics still exist, but have evolved and changed. Gods of storms might also serve meteorolgoy, gods of fire might have evolved to take on domains of rocketry, or cleansing forest fires, and at least one god that was once linked to the northern lights fancies himself the god of raves."

"Technology, raves, the cosmos, public health, mass commerce? And what god disappeared? What god am I meant to replace?"

"As it turns out, those are two different questions. The missing god is one of mass information. I do not know the specifics of how it influences mortal lives, but I know that your people are greatly focused on the possible downfalls of large scale observation and information gathering. People cannot live their lives without being studied, so the information can be used for someone's gain, and I believe humanity is not quite ready for such self-surveillance. So I intend to use an old clause in this competition to allow you to take upon the role of another god. Rather than replace the god of information, I aim to change the pantheon by adding something new."

"So who are you? How do you know humanity wants the old god to stay gone when your peers do not? What god do you think I need to become? And how am I supposed to win with this stupid gun?!"

"Child, I am a god of storytelling, and I hear humanity through your stories, and how you explore the world. You want this god gone and express that via tales of woe from his influence. I believe the world needs heroes, real heroes again, and I expect you to win the competition to become the first of their kind in the modern age, the god of new heroes. And last, but not least, that gun holds more power than you can possibly fathom at this time. My name is *Chekhov*, and that is MY gun."