A watched pot never boils. That's what they say. It's not true. Filling the role of neurotic child in my four child family, I watched a pot of water until it boiled, and found much satisfaction in seemingly proving the world wrong. "It does boil, you fools! You're all goddamn fools!"

There were geysers everywhere. They say the water reached heights of four miles high in some places. Most of it just when straight up and straight down. A lot of it didn't. Death by burns is a painful way to go. Millions of gallons of boiling salt water coming down on a house. Painful way to go. I could see the spouts hundreds of miles away. It was so foreign an image, so beautiful. The thing I remember most is the color. Think of the most tropical looking coast, that saturated blue and green and azure, and then think of all that color spurting up in all directions like a fountain in a courtyard. But the courtyard is the entire Pacific Ocean. I cried.

Mom said I should grow up faster, like I had some sort of control over my biological processes. Be more like your brother. She said it was dangerous for a child to handle boiling water. But she was the one that spilled in a rush to dump the pot into the sink. I spent that night in the hospital for 2nd degree burns. It didn't hurt then. I was just annoyed I couldn't watch tv that night. But I guess if your entire body has been enveloped in the stuff, you're really going to feel it.

One third of Pacific Northwest residents on the coastline were burned and died. 
My brother was on the coast the day the water turned against us. He didn't die instantly, like so many did. It was three days before he died of dehydration. What a joke, that he died because his skin couldn't retain fluid. What keeps us alive, what makes life possible, what we consume daily to function can so quickly betray us. They medicated the fuck out of him, but tried to maintain his consciousness so he wouldn't pass into a coma. He still felt it. The noises he made. He barely looked human, more like a mass of trembling pink flesh. So fucking pink. More than the image of my brother, it was the noises he made. God. I'll never forget those sounds 'till the day I die.

Scientists come up with new theories everyday, but none seem to stick for too long. The truth is nobody knows what happened right now. There was no precedent. It was a ephemeral event that can't be studied without some long term research and some quality time at the bottom of the ocean. My favorite theory is that somehow, everyone in the world, or at least in the pacific northwest,  were looking in some direction other than ocean at the same exact moment. And the ocean boiled. The unwatched pot. I know better, though.