"I can't focus with your constant thumping. Flea invested rabbits, keep your gyrovating legs still, Arac!" Tony yelled from high up in the library while hastily combing through a spell-book. 



"There's gotta be something." he whispers to himself as he looks up at the spiralling tower. Hundreds of thousands of books decorate the wooden walls, each neatly stored into an individual socket carved into the wall. The young man is picking out books with his left hand, somewhat at random, while balancing with his right on a long ladder about halfway up the tower. He narrates the volume names as he throws them down below.



"The art of feline flatulence control. No. Making your fish less fishy. That won't help. To straighten a skew banana." Tony's hands start to shake.



"The art of banana wrestling. Sweet Lord no. How to make a banana fly out of it's skin." he stops briefly. 



"Just last week these damn banana volumes were nowhere," he yells as he puts his left hand on his jaw pulling it down, "I repeat for the love of bananas *nowhere* to be found! And now--"



His monologue is interrupted as an old wizard on the floor below gives out a cough. One of those dry heave welcome-back-mr-ebola coughs. It isn't looking good. The old man looks rather plain with a blue pointy hat, dull with creases and a bent over on the end. His long gray beard snakes over the floor like python. Already rather pale, the wizard's color is leaking away every second. 




"It's not my fault. Who the hell knew a spell to steal someone's heart will *literally* steal someone's heart." Tony yelps as he slides down the ladder. He comes to rest next his friend Arac that is perched on a dusty wooden chair just to the side of the wizard. Arac is completely silent. Hands in head. His left leg doing all the speaking as it bops up and down furiously.



The constant tapping of his foot echoes up the walls. The rap-tap-tap becomes almost overbearing as the sound bounces across the room.



Then, silence. Arac freezes as the old wizard's leg suddenly does a little dance. The final kick of a dying hoarse.



"It's too late." Tony whispers.



"I don't feel so good, Tony." Arac says with fear gripping his face. Tony looks over in horror as his friend's skin starts to peel off in slivers and then disintegrates into the void. Then, like a cool spring breeze, Arac simply washes away into nothing.



Tony stands stunned. Everyone knows that when a wizard dies, all his spells and creations die with him. 



"Arac was..." 



Then, slowly, the books, the tower and all the furniture around him start to flake away. Tony looks down at the floor disintegrating beneath his feet. His entire right leg is gone. He looks at his arm as it starts to flake away.



"O fuuuuuu--" 