"Dia duit." I said at last, as I stood facing the tiny man in the immaculate Kelly green Armani suit.

"Dia is Muire duit." he replied, politely, with a little bow, returning my greeting in his native tongue. "And permit me, sair, to add: *Salaam aleikum."* 

"Wa-aleikum salaam." I returned, with a slight smile. The fae were careful not to incur even debts of courtesy when they could avoid it, so I was not surprised that he immediately repaid my gesture in kind. Of course, a far greater debt had already been incurred between us that he could not so easily dispense with.

My lamp lay a few inches away from him. He had extricated his tiny foot from the tangle of stylized brass grape vines that formed its very ornate handle, but that didn't matter now. The fact was, he *had* tripped over and become entangled by the handle of my earthly vessel. Accordingly, by the laws that bind the fae when they walk the Earth, he owed me three Wishes. Of course, in process of trying to extricate himself, he very definitely *rubbed my lamp.* Which by the laws that bind the Jinn, meant I owed *him* three Wishes. 

"Cormac O'Connal is my name, sair." he said, with a tip of the tiny bowler that he wore, adorned with a single four-leafed shamrock.

"Bashar ibn-Dawud is mine, effendi." I replied, with a modest bow.

We regarded each other impassively for what must have been a minute, before I broke the silence.

"And...what do we do now?" I inquired.

He let out a squeaky guffaw. "Sure, I don't have the *faintest damn idea!* This is a first for me!*"*

I couldn't help laughing too. I'd never met the little fae before, but I felt sure that he was as familiar with the wish granting business as I was. 

"I suppose I shall ask you for great power and long life." I quipped, thinking of all the times people had asked me for the same. The universe just *loves* that kind of vague, unfocused muddle of a wish. 

"And I shall of course do nothing and twiddle me thumbs since *supposing* ain't asking, and asking ain't *Wishing* besides." he said, grinning up at me with a sense of shared amusement. 

"Uhg!" I groaned, looking up at the sky. "They *never* get that at first, do they? How hard it is it to phrase your *magical Wish* in the *form of a Wish?* But no, it's always 'Give me the power to fly!' And when they finally think to *ask* why their 'Wish' wasn't granted and you tell them because it wasn't a Wish, *they* have the nerve to get annoyed -- like they think I must be doing it just to irk them!"

"Oh aye!" he agreed, nodding vigorously. "Sure, I know I've got nothing better to do than *delay* a mortal's stupid shortsighted Wish by an extra *five bleedin' seconds!* Mind you, that's if it occurs to them to verify their Wish was granted at all. I've had more than one mortal say 'Make me able to fly!' or some such and then he *leaps over a damn cliff* without askin' for clarification. Most of 'em were *100% sure* magic didn't bloody exist before they found a pot o' gold or a magic lamp, and yet when ya offer 'em three wishes they're *100% sure* they know how magic works!"

"Don't get me started." I sighed, wiping a tear of mirth from the corner of my eye. The leprechaun snapped his fingers, and a small stool appeared behind him, which he promptly sat down on. Reaching into his coat, he produced a tiny flask, from which he sipped, and then he offered it to me.

"Do you fancy now a wee drop o' the creature?" he inquired.

"As a being of smokeless fire, that'd be just the fuel I need right now, thank you." I replied, taking the flask and plopping down to sit cross-legged before the fae on his little seat. The pewter flask seemed to enlarge and then reduce again as it passed back and forth between us, and we spent time trading stories about the foibles of our respective clients.

Like me, he wasn't so malicious as the mortals imagined, since like me he simply *facilitated* the granting of Wishes. It was the fundamental nature of the universe itself that often caused those Wishes to go "awry" from the client's perspective.  Not out of any cosmic malice, but rather out of simple, mechanical expediency. For example, one should be careful when Wishing for a vast sum of money -- it might be that, in the grand scheme of things, the least disruptive way for the Universe to re-order itself so that happens is for you to be hit by a bus and left paralyzed, thus receiving a huge cash settlement from the transit company that owned the bus. 

Knowing the nature of Wishes, of course, generally makes one disinclined to make use of them -- which left Cormac and I at a bit of an impasse. We couldn't part company until we'd each made three. 

"Well, we've got to do something." I said, with a weary sigh, once the flask had run dry and I handed it back.

"Aye." he agreed, reluctantly, stroking his beard with a thoughtful expression. Then he brightened, slapping his hand on his knee. "Sure an' I've got it,  boyo!" 

"Do tell." I encouraged, raising my eyebrows. 

He spread his arms. "We do exactly what the mortals *ought* to do when they come across us. We avail ourselves of fortune's bounty *without* grieving the universe with our demands."

My heart leapt. "Of course!"

See, the problem with most Wishes is one of scale -- the more you push the Universe, the more it pushes back. It doesn't like changing shape in dramatic ways. Small changes, though? The Universe is all about those, and the key to making big changes lies in making the small ones add up.

I thought carefully about my Wishes, and I could see Cormac doing the same. In the end, I spoke first.

"I wish my lamp possessed a fairy glamour that made it appear to be a common modern lamp from the outside." I declared, with a grin.

"Oh! Good one, lad." Cormac said, approvingly. He waved his hand, and my ornate lamp suddenly appeared to be a dingy camping lantern that looked like it belonged in a thrift store instead of a museum. I was bound to be summoned to the whims of mortals far less often from that unremarkable vessel.  

"Granted! I wish I could hover above ground while in the mortal world like the Jinn, so I'll not be trippin' over any more lamps and gettin' meself caught!" the leprechaun rejoined, as I admired my new home.

"Granted!" I said, clapping my hands together with a laugh. The little man looked down at his legs, than back at me in puzzlement. 

"Just think about  doing it." I encouraged him.

He concentrated, and his legs suddenly dissolved into a spinning column of mist. He cried out in delight, and spent a few moments zipping around a few inches off the ground around before re-forming his lower half and landing, doing a little jig. "Saints above, but that's fun!"

Then we both looked about cautiously, feeling for tension in the magical world, or other signs that the other shoe was about to drop, cosmically speaking. After a moment, we relaxed.

"All clear. Still, best keep the last two simple." he advised.

"Agreed." I said, with a firm nod.

In the end, it was more like a cultural gift exchange than a clash of cosmic forces. Out of pure whimsy, we each wished for *the others' hat.* And naturally, we promptly collapsed into uncontrollable laughter -- I at a tiny leprechaun whose head and shoulders practically disappeared in the folds of my silk and gold shemagh, and he at a genie with a tiny green shamrock bowler perched precariously atop his head. 

As the laughter died down and we looked at each other, an understanding passed between us. It had been a long time since either of us had had someone to talk to who could actually relate to us as an equal. With that in mind, our final wish was obvious. We shook hands, and made it in unison.

"I Wish that we'll meet again!" 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;