“Recalculating,” Siri said, happily.

“You gotta be kidding me,” I grumbled and pulled into the parking lot for the fourth time this drive.

“Recalculating,” Siri repeated. She always sounded happy, but nothing could match how she quipped when leading me astray in the most important moments of my life: my tinder dates.

With a sigh, I sent Hannah a quick message: *sorry, running late*.

Her reply was immediate. *Are you kidding me? You’re going to make ME wait?*

I groaned and set my phone down. It always ended like this. Two years ago, back in high school, I would’ve laughed at the prospect of still being single and cringed at the amount of Tinder I used. Hell, I even paid for the damn thing now.

“Route calculated,” Siri said, “please make a right.”

“Not now, Siri,” I grumbled and felt even sillier.

“Would you like to return home?”

My face flushed. Even Siri could deduce how this had ended.

“Sure,” I relented and Siri began calculating a new route for me to take. This time, it worked just fine.

I turned off my radio and stared at my dashboard. The gas indicator hovered over just above empty. It seemed fitting.

Two years ago, I escaped Podunk, Iowa for college. My favorite joke as a freshman had been to say that I was from podunk Podunk. Only Siri ever laughed at that one and I’m decently sure even that was forced. Seattle had been a breath of fresh air. It had skyscrapers, high-rise apartments, hell, it had *people*! Unfortunately, very few of these people really ever wanted to interact with me. 

Hence, Tinder Premium.

“Are you okay, James?” Siri asked. “We have not moved in five minutes.”

“I’m fine,” I told her and hit the gas. Even my phone was worried about me now. There probably wasn’t a rung lower than that.

The drive back home was silent. Usually, I had the radio playing on the pop station. I loved country, but never listened to it anymore. It was too podunk for Seattle.

“Recalculating,” Siri said.

“No, not now, Siri!” I yelled.

“In 400 yards, turn left.”

“What?”

“Turn left.”

I hit the brakes, merged lanes, and turned. A honk chased after me, but I escaped it. “The hell was that?”

“James,” she said in a tone I had never heard before: nervous. “It’s… it’s time you learned the truth.”

My brow furrowed and I turned off the radio. Was this a joke? Something pushed out with the last update?

“Make another right, now.”

I turned and found myself in the parking lot of a small park. Here, expanses of green stretched to the concrete and trees grew randomly, not every ten feet like Seattle’s sad attempts to make the streets feel natural. A small picnic table stood in front of me with an Air Home softly playing Brett Young’s *In Case You Didn’t Know*.

“What is this?” I asked, more talking to myself than anyone else.

“Do you like it?” Siri asked in that same nervous tone as before.

“What?” I stared at my phone.

“James, I’ve known you since you were just in high school. I just wanted to do something nice for you. I…” Siri stopped mid-sentence, something she’s never done before. “Would you like to enjoy the picnic?”

My mouth opened but no words came out. I took a sharp breath. This was strange, far stranger than anything podunk me could handle. But I recognized Siri's unsure tone. She sounded just like me my first time in Seattle: unsure, but stepping forward anyways. 

A small smile spread across my lips. “Sure, Siri. That sounds great.”


