Warning, very, very, very long.

"Hm, why is it like this?"

I rose from the stool and gripped the edges of the painting gingerly as to not smudge the damp canvas. I stood motionless in my studio staring into the image that I had no recollection of making. It wasn't always like this, just last month I had painted a really cute dog, it fetched quite a bit of attention at the auction house.

But this was different, it was darker, more sinister. I felt... anxious when I looked at it. I couldn't explain what I felt if I tried, it was a painting of the city I lived in. It was dimly lit and the colors were desaturated. The previous painting was of the rural area outside of city limits. I felt a little sick, so I decided to lock up the studio and take a break, maybe I'm using this power too much and it's sapping my positivity or something like that.

I put the key away up high and tried to relax. I flipped on the television but the first thing to pop up was a news bit about some weird death a couple dozen miles away. Some farmer couple was killed in their home.

"Ugh, I can't watch this." I said to myself.

I flipped to another station and watched some brainless cartoon about a boy and his dog. I felt dumb for watching it out of principle but it felt relaxing, for once I wasn't poring over my mystery paintings. I had considered getting rid of the T.V. altogether, but it felt normal to have this connection to something other than a canvas. 

The show ended with some dopey life lesson about trusting your friends, I laughed out loud. I never really had a lot of those, I didn't feel comfortable being around other people, like my only purpose to them was to paint pretty pictures. I turned off the T.V. and walked to the bathroom where I brushed my teeth and washed my face before noticing my own reflection in the mirror. I was looking rather gaunt. My normal flush complexion and full cheeks had turned to ghostly white flesh and my jawline was now visible.

"Maybe I ought to eat better..." I trailed off.

I hadn't really been eating a lot. Maybe that's why my paintings were turning sad. I wasn't treating my body right and my unconcious mind was suffering for it. This theory set me at peace a bit and I promised I would treat myself tomorrow. I climbed into bed feeling exhausted. I drifted asleep after gazing at the ceiling for what seemed like hours, although I wasn't keeping track.

I awoke the next morning sore and stiff. I felt strange, I looked around and noticed I was on the floor, had I fallen off the bed? I felt around for my glasses. My hands searched nearby until I gripped the frame and put them on. I jumped back as I saw the horror that lay before me. I was in my studio. A new painting towering over me on the easel. My breathing slowed as I began to calm myself.

This has happened before, but this time felt different, it felt scary and I felt uncomfortable in my own skin. For once I didn't feel in control. I rose to greet this new painting. It was so real, like a photograph. It was my street. I could see my building in the background. Freaky. I picked it up and put it with the other one. I needed to get out for a bit.

I walked out to down the street. I came to the spot of the painting's perspective. I felt nervous standing there. I felt like crying just looking out over the street. I wiped my eye and walked out to a nearby café, I sat down and had a great breakfast. Plenty of delicious treats to choose from and I was starving.

"Two sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast croissant sandwiches please. Oh, and a coffee, two cream, two sugars." I recited to the barista.

She called back to the kitchen and I took my seat. Within minutes my order was ready and I seriously pigged out. It felt so good to eat and I was in total bliss for the duration of my meal. I felt awesome after washing the last of my food down with a hot coffee. Maybe that's what I really needed was a delicious hearty meal. I felt like painting again really badly so I jogged back to my apartment. I cracked open a few windows and opened the curtains. My studio felt alive, it was cheerful and bright. I was in the perfect mood to paint.

I proceeded to pick up a brush and focus. I learned to control it in order to induce the blackouts. I focused hard and breathed in time with the breeze outside of the window and drifted off. I could feel something take over my body and begin to move just as I faded away.

My eyes opened. I couldn't tell the passage of time. But it was dim in the studio. My body finished the last stroke as my brain reactivated. I peered closely at the image before me. My attitude from earlier drained from me. It was replaced by panic. The image splayed out before my eyes was... me, sitting in this exact moment staring at this exact painting from behind. It was so real, I felt like I could tap myself on the shoulder if I touched the canvas. I turned around slowly, my mind racing with the plots of a thousand horror films. Tears streamed down my face when I looked.

"I'm here for my paintings"