   We were 7 minutes out on the way to the Kehlsteinhaus, our Osprey with the rotors up and ready to land. In this reality, the Nazis discovered genetic engineering before the allies invented the a-bomb. They unleashed a DNA-based virus that specifically targeted all non-Aryans. It decimated humanity and led to Hitler's domination of the world. 

   Where others saw tragedy, ViewCorp saw opportunity. We specialized in finding leverage positions in alternate realities, cleaning up the messes so to speak and reaping the rewards. We were flying in hot, our special operations team in tow with our secret weapon. Once he made an appearance, there was no stopping us.

   "Wheels down in 1 minute!" , announced the pilot. We landed at the entrance to the ancient castle. Ordinarily, we would operate at night, but an operation like this demanded many witnesses in broad daylight. Besides, our secret weapon left the outcome in little doubt.

   The trickiest part of the whole op was getting the weapon on board in the first place. He's normally a guy who wasn't into violence, and he felt uncomfortable at first dealing with a multinational corporation. I had to schmooze him hard. We offered him anything he wanted in order to get access to the wealth of this reality. 

   The Nazis were many things but strict environmentalists was not something anyone predicted. Unspoiled lands, untapped resources, clean water and air were commodities you couldn't get in our reality anymore. It was priceless. In exchange for a very small sliver of material resources, the poorest non-Aryans from his own reality would help populate and rule over this one. The meek literally inheriting the earth.

   I think it's pretty obvious now who we're talking about here. We got him from a reality where God realized the easiest way to get people to believe in Him was to stay on earth and help run things. A helicopter Jesus if you will. 

   As we ran past the courtyard, Jesus ran interference for us non-violently, turning the Nazi's weapons into Chanel No. 5. We casually made our way into the heart of the Eagle's Nest. Hitler was about to give his annual televised Christmas address to the people of the Fourth Reich. Just as the cameras started to roll, Jesus interrupts him. 

   "Hey Adolf! It's my birthday not yours!", he said. 

   He leaps 40 feet in the air like a Saturday morning Kung-fu hero, lands in front of Hitler and punches him in the mouth, sending him crashing through the window behind him to his death. No eternal life for him. 

   Jesus turns to the cameras. 

   "People of earth, be not afraid. For I am the son of the almighty. The prince of peace. Justice will be brought to both the wicked and the righteous . And, together with the good people of ViewCorp, all men and women will live free!"

   I swear there are times when I would do this job for free. God bless America!

   