My husband was more frantic than I'd ever seen him. I was the neurotic one, but it was clear one of my obsessive bouts had completely seized him and wasn't letting go. His deep brown eyes were usually so calming and had always seemed to me to be holding onto a good joke, but now they scared me with their emptiness; his gaze darted anxiously around the room, bloodshot and unfocused.

"Why? Why can't I save you..." Oz wasn't speaking to me anymore, but to his own cadre of personal demons. He broke down into unintelligible babbles, and I was at a loss for how to help. I was still coming to terms myself with the notion that today is the day I die, and that my husband had used his loop day to try to save me. It was no small sacrifice: we had talked about loop days so many times, for so many reasons, but neither of us wanted to spend our retirement paying off our days in service to the Time Loop Bureau. Every repeated day a person used meant another day added to their term--collating files, recording and indexing each time line for each client, reporting all time loop activities to the governing bodies. We'd heard horror stories from people who went into severe Time Debt, owing thousands of days and basically becoming indentured servants to the Bureau. I was scared to ask how many days Oz had spent so far. I gathered from his disjointed speech that it may be a decade or more. He seemed to finally be running out of steam and he was starting to sound more coherent again. "So many times, so many different ways..."

This caught my attention. "Wait, different ways? What do you mean, different ways?"

He peeled his ruined red face out of his hands and fixed his eyes somewhere near my shoulder. I could hear the desperate rattle in his breathing, and now as I examined him more closely I could see the hollows in his face, the deterioration of his once-strong body. "It was supposed to be so simple," he said. "You went down to the garden shop for potting soil. You slipped in a puddle, hit your head on the corner of a concrete planter. You fell between two planters and no one found you for hours. It was supposed to be easy." He broke into more sobs and worked hard to draw in a shaky breath. When he was steady, he continued.

"I mopped the puddle. But this time while you were shopping, a squirrel ran across the path and tripped you up instead. I changed your shoes for high end running shoes with excellent traction and volunteered to run the soil errand myself. You ended up going to the bookstore, which apparently gets held up in an armed robbery at 3:25 today. You were the only hostage shot before the SWAT team got the guy. I sent you for a quiet spa day, and you were electrocuted in a freak hot tub accident..." at this point, I finally noticed the stacks and stacks of notebooks surrounding Oz in our little home office. He grabbed a handful of them and started shuffling through to reference pages as he enumerated all the ways I had died; I could see that every page was completely filled with the kind of madman scribblings that would be precisely at home in a conspiracy nut's manifesto. I couldn't tell you how long he continued on, how many of my deaths he showed me, but eventually we both got very quiet.

Love shone from my eyes as I looked over this ruined man, my beloved husband, my perfect knight. At least, I hoped it did, because after a few moments of taking it all in, I turned and walked out of our office. I kept walking, out the front door, down the street, and didn't stop. Oz called out to me a couple times, but I didn't hear him. I love that man to the depths of my soul, but I've never really... been *good* at any of this marriage stuff. I've never been any good at saying the things I need to say when I need to say them... I could never really comfort Oz well under the best circumstances, what in the world could I say to him now? So I left.

I was walking for a long time. The neighborhoods were very familiar, until they weren't. I kept walking anyway. I had the notion that Death might be following me, stalking me, spying on me right then and preparing to pounce. Oddly, this thought sparked a kind of euphoria in me. I walked taller, brighter, happier than I'd been in years. And suddenly, I had a plan.

I found my way to the local TLB offices. I presented my unusual request to the flunkies at the front desk. Predictably, they all sputtered and ranted in complete futility until higher ups were called in. I repeatedly reminded them that my time might be very short indeed, to move the process along as quickly as possible. I ended up in a closed door meeting with Vice President Something or Other, Chief Overseer of all service term disputes. His eagle gaze was not sympathetic, and his face was a study of sharply carved severity. He glanced over a data pad that I took to be briefing details on our case, but he could just as easily have been checking his horoscope for all the attention he paid me.

Without looking up, he finally said, "So you want to commit to a lifetime of service for the Bureau in exchange for wiping out your husband's Time Debt of 16,812 days. You want us to agree to this arrangement, knowing that your husband has spent the last 46 years trying unsuccessfully to save your life because you keep dying today."

He was clearly winding up for a condescending monologue, so I quickly interjected, "Yes." I almost giggled at the annoyed look that crossed his face, but he soon controlled himself. I suppose I should have been more serious myself, what with the stakes being literally life or death, but somehow everything and everyone had become beyond silly to me. Forty-six years of dying had used up all my sobriety.

"Ms. Trawley-"  
"MRS. Trawley," I reminded him with an impish look.  
"Mrs. Trawley... you insisted upon this meeting with a great amount of urgency, based on the likelihood that you may expire at any moment. Why would we accept this offer?"

I sat back in my chair, now relaxed. "Let's just say I have a really good feeling about today." There was no point in telling him the truth. Out of anyone on the planet, the Time Loop Bureau was the most likely to be able to keep me alive, and now I was handing them the only thing they needed--motivation. They alone had transcripts of every timeline, both active and retired. They alone had mountains of data on 75% of the population. They alone had detailed analyses of not only mine and Oz's file, but every file for every person who had ever Looped.

The decision took time. Vice President Something or Other got "called into another meeting" and had an assistant escort me to a waiting area. The assistant was a motherly looking woman in her forties with thick silver hair. I asked her how long she had left on her term.

"About eight years," she said.  
"Was it worth it?" I asked. She didn't answer, but her kindly mouth turned flat and hard as she walked away.

Death, unsurprisingly, did not come for me as I sat in the sterile waiting room. There were a few others waiting their turn, some wearing TLB uniforms, most applying for Compassionate Release from their service terms. I kept my eyes on the clock as I waited. It was evening now, 9:17. Maybe I'd even make it through today. Wouldn't that be terrifying?

I was finally taken to a small interview room, just big enough to fit a standard work desk and a couple chairs. On the desk was a neat stack of papers, and I stepped over to look at the cover. As I suspected, it was a service contract. My new escort gestured for me to take the seat behind the desk.

"Look over the contract, sign the paperwork, uniform is on your chair." He turned to leave without so much as a handshake. "Welcome aboard," he said blandly, over his shoulder, as he left me in what was apparently my new office.

*End Part 1 of 2*