In a break with tradition spanning hundreds of years, Sabine Kellomere steadfastly refused the presence of her fellow mages at her first childbirthing. 

“Flamekeeper!” the executive council of the Cabal had implored of her, using the formal honorific for their leader. “All mage childbirthings are risky affairs! What matter of demonkind is not attracted by the beginnings of such potent forces? You of all mages should know this!”

Sabine knew, of course. Though such attacks had dwindled in frequency ever since the Cabal had organised, they were not unheard of, and every once in a while dire reports would stream in from the outskirts of Ankharra, telling of yet another battle lost against the dark forces.

That didn’t make any difference to Sabine. She employed guile, reminding them that the childbirthing would be in the Sanctum, the largest mana reservoir for miles around. She relied on tact, pointing out that if she did need any assistance, she would call, and surely they could teleport instantly to her aid.

Most of all, she counted on her unrivalled prowess as a mage of the First Order to get her way. After all, who would, or could, stand up to the one of the strongest living mages they had ever seen?

The one concession Sabine agreed to was to allow a midwife to assist, though Sabine found herself regretting it on the day.

“Nonsense,” Meela said, wringing the handcloth over the washbasin. “I will stay here till the end. I’ve birthed hundreds of babies in my life, and there’s nothing I’m afraid of.”

“You don’t understand,” Sabine hissed, as the contractions rippled through her body. “I will be fine. But once I give the signal, you have to leave, run as far as you can.”

“I may not be highborn like you, Firestarter –” 

“Flamekeeper! Those are very different things!”

“… but frankly, a few stray demons aren’t enough to scare me. You’ll be here, I’ve got my trusty frying pan here,” Meela said, brandishing her crockery proudly, “what’s there to be worried about?”

“These are the Dark Gods, woman! The Unholy Quarternity! The Four Who Vanquish! They will be coming! I’m certain of it!”

“Yes, yes, you’ve been talking my ear off for weeks about them. Look, I don’t care what beef you have with them, but I’ve got one job, and I will be completing it, thank you very much. It’s tough enough that your husband may not be home in time for the childbirthing, and you think I will abandon you now?”

Sabine seethed as Meela sponged her down, but in truth, she had come to slowly appreciate the other’s company in this time of need. Just as she finally worked up the courage to confess to Andare the machinations behind this childbirthing, he had left, abruptly, to tend to a work emergency a few villages away.

Stay a while and listen! Sabine had wanted to shout after Andare, as he hoisted his bag of tools and rode away on horseback that day. I made a deal with the Dark Gods, my firstborn in exchange for their tutelage! I thought I could become strong enough one day to repel them if ever they came, but I’m not sure now, and I need you here!

On the far side of the room, the elemental firebirds Sabine had conjured slowly winked out, one by one, falling off their perches and dissipating into fine ash even before they hit the ground. The skies darkened, and a violent gust of wind rattled the windows.

“Meela, they’re here. Hide, now.”

Sabine concentrated, and sinewy tendrils of energy encased her body, fortifying her with a shimmering armor of pure mana. She glided from her bed, gripped her staff, then grimly ventured out to finally face the weight around her heart for these threescore years.

She expected four beings of raging elemental energies, each representing one of the four Orders of magic. She imagined that they would be floating in the skies, trapping her in the centre, as they extended their claws wordlessly, demanding the payment for the untold knowledge they had imparted to her, the fulfilment of a promise made so long ago, when Sabine’s thirst for power was great and her capacity for naiveté was unlimited.

The last thing she expected, was a giant disk of metal, hovering where the Quaternity was supposed to be, with gaping holes at its side which were releasing a swarm of tentacled creatures, less living beings and more like the incomprehensible knickknacks which Andare tinkered with constantly. She squinted, but could not perceive any magical forces at play which kept them afloat – this was magic of another kind.

“You’re not the Dark Gods.”

“Human,” the first creature blared out from silver, vibrating cones. “Your firstborn is ours. It is as we had contracted with the human Andare Hrightstone.”

“You want my child? Well, the line starts here, so you better queue up.” Then, the rupee dropped. “Wait, what contract?”

The Sanctum pulsed as Sabine drew heavily on it, hastily summoning a forcefield to meet the metallic tentacles fired in her direction. A grin settled on her face as the old, familiar bloodlust returned.

“I’ve never seen the likes of you, but the tentacled Kriplaks from the Quagmire are a hundred times faster than that!” Sabine raised her staff in the air, then tapped on the Sanctum again as she completed the incantations for a lightningstorm.

Meela did not know it, but she had front-row seats to a spectacle which any mage would have gladly given their right arm to witness. Rare was the occasion in these peaceful times for a Flamekeeper to find a worthy foe, and rarer still for a Flamekeeper to spellsling so poetically, so vehemently, as if her very life depended on it.

The battle raged, back and forth, like the frothing waters at a beach at hightide. At times, it seemed as if the tentacled creatures had the advantage, with their unfamiliar weaponry and synchronized assaults. Then, Sabine would gain back ground lost with a deft application of spells, twinning and sometimes even tripling spells from different Orders in wholly new and uncharted ways. The staff, normally a heavy auburn hue, glowed red-hot from the energies it was channelling.

As the last of the tentacled creatures fell from the sky, and the last of the reinforcements had issued from the disk, a portentous threat filled the air.

“We will be back, human. Your firstborn is ours.”

Sabine spat on the ground as the disk slowly ascended higher and higher, disappearing into the clouds. The fruits of victory were sweet, but a panic was slowly blossoming in her. That exchange had taken the better part of her energy reserves, and if the Four came n– 

Her staff flashed incandescently bright, then vanished. Sabine fell to her knees as her magical armor evaporated, and it was all she could do not to give in to the sudden nausea which swept over her. Meela rushed to her side, but how was one human midwife to help when Sabine’s lifeline to the Sanctum had been cut off?

“Sabine,” came the voice, oily, thick, roiling with displeasure. “We taught you all you know. Did you think that was enough against us?”

Sabine looked up, sure enough, the first of the Dark Gods had appeared. In his claws was the very staff which she had been wielding, just moments ago. His brethren soon blinked into existence next to him, the Unholy Quaternity, in the flesh, staring down at Sabine and Meela.

“You should have run,” said Sabine, grinning wryly.

Even without access to her powers, Sabine could still feel the Dark Gods reaching out, stretching to wrest away her firstborn from her. Their energies, swirling like a meandering fog, cascaded downwards towards her, seeking eagerly, hungrily. 

Then, a high-pitched whine pierced the air, as four metallic canisters plummeted into the ground, forming a diamond around Sabine. The Dark Gods hissed in unison as they were met with and turned away by a crackling blue dome, impenetrable to their forces.

Sabine turned, and saw her husband leaping through the air, encased as she was but this time in a gleaming suit of metal, at least ten feet tall. It struck her how he looked like a puppet, stuck crudely on the breastplate of the giant silver knight, their actions mirroring one another’s perfectly. As he landed noisily, panels opened where the silver knight’s shoulders were, and a volley of firecrackers, larger and more destructive than she had ever seen before, spilt out and crashed against the Dark Gods like angry hornets. Their cries of pain almost spilt her eardrums.

That break in concentration was all she needed. Connected again to the Sanctum, Sabine got to her feet, staff once again in her hands. With a mighty crash, Andare and the silver knight landed next to her. Sabine winced as the contractions came again, stronger this time, and her head was bursting with all the questions to be had with Andare when this was over.

But for now, there was joy to be had in battle, and Sabine could not help but smile.

---

/r/rarelyfunny
