The 'pearly' gates weren't as nice up close as I would have expected. They were cracking, with moss growing in weird places on the stone parts and an orange rust eating up the iron parts. There was a wasp nest in the corner, which was unacceptable because I didn't think God would have let literal spawns of Satan inside his domain. Above the gate, there was a neon sign that said *HEAVEN* but only the letters *H* and *A* were lit up. To which I said, "Ha!", because that was quite funny. 

Near the gate, there was a small cubicle with the words *St Peter* on the door. I knocked on it, which I thought was the normal thing to do. But then I realised that I was in heaven and I didn't have to follow any human-bound social conventions. So I opened the door without knocking twice. 

The room was old, dusty, and filled with cobwebs. Spiders also shouldn't be in heaven, so that also upset me. It was quite tiny, with a balcony on one side that held a giant golden telescope. In the centre of the room, seated on a chair, I found an old man, most of the room covered by his beard that fell from his chin like a silver waterfall. He was asleep, with a newspaper on his head that was dated ten thousand years ago. 

"Hey," I said. "Wake up."  
He was startled when he woke up. "I didn't deny you, Jesus, I promise, please don't abandon me!"  
"Uh. I'm not Jesus, don't worry" He didn't look fully reassured, staring deeply into my eyes. "Listen, can you tell me what's happened here? I thought that Paradise would be, y'know, like a paradise."  
He broke into such a huge laugh that I became suddenly worried about his health. "Paradise? Hah! You are thousands of years too late, boy."  
"I'm sorry, what?"  
"God died long ago, son. It hasn't really been the same without him. My new employer bankrupted our company after some risky investments. Nowadays I just sit in my old post, dreaming of the life that I used to have."  
"How the hell does God just die? Isn't he, like, omnipotent, or something?"  
"Come, I will show you something." 

He motioned me towards the telescope and told me to peer in. I saw Earth, brightly glowing blue.  
"Zoom in." said St. Peter  
I saw children crying, animals dying, floods and droughts. People hungry for food. Ice caps melting. Sea levels rising. Huge clouds of smoke from factories. People drinking water from brown puddles. Horrible crimes being committed and horrible people turning a blind eye to the terror. I saw all of the worst of humanity in the space of a few seconds.  

"Do you understand now?" said the sad old man. "You are looking at the corpse of God. Welcome to heaven."  





