	The moment man's mythology of his own importance was confirmed. Eons of an unshakeable and at times desperate urge for confirmation of a being something more than an anxious blob on a figurative piece of dust whirling through nothingness- and it came in the form of warm, cheerful supermarket cosmic PA announcement.  

	Transmitted in the native language of every person on the planet-"... and his is Bob!" the voice ended chirpily. The earth shattering emergence of this voice, gentle and courteous, was followed by a sinking feeling that crashed upon the world's populace after the opening gut punch of divine intercom. "Oh. NO. Come on" several vehemently spat utterances burrowed themselves into the ears of the now globally frozen, wide eyed human race "The trip to Centauri was enough. You can't be serious." Humanity remained suspended in the silences; cars rolled into intersections, glasses toppled and lifted items crashed to the ground without response. An unprecedented moment of synchronized human paralysis. 

	"Don't pull this right now" the chipper voice morphed into an eerily neutral tone.  The nasally speech continued with its stunted pronunciation and breathy ejections "Dad come on please, I really don't think this will help me, I already know why I was wrong. They say 1 in 4 deities experiment with stardust, and it was my first time trying it I swear" The formerly affable tone of the previous speaker came back with a menacing rumble to it that shook to the spine of the enraptured human listeners "I'm not hearing your excuses again. Its time for you to sit on your omniscience for a while and realize that your position is a privilege. Your luck I'm not sending you back." The cosmic subordinate fired back with its baleful, abrasive resonance "Yea you know what I'll do that and think about how the useless washed out creator I ended up with ruined our whole fourth dimension getaway and why I wish it was you that ascended in the singularity instead of mom." 

	A roar that shook to the core of the  fixated audience and echoed throughout "I'm done. I've HAD it. You're going back. You blew it" Thoughts racing and colliding through the malfunctioning minds of even the prodigious amongst earth's population were dispelled with the force of a sudden, whooshing howl that sliced the air like a whip. Silence followed for several seconds after, followed by muttering that intensified swiftly into rising clamour and washed over cafes, bars, boardrooms, ceremonies, congregations and theatres with fervent babble.  

	In one particular setting, cutting through the arid, sweating, industrial whirring of Cairo, where rickshaws and bikes were entangled amongst the press of stationary buses and hundreds of staggering pedestrians, was the instantaneous, wispy cloud announced appearance of a slouched, swarthy, sandal clad and thickly bearded man bearing a particularly contorted, morose expression. Voices faded from the astounded onlookers as incredulity at this additional development set in across the street. The man's face softened into a less contemptuous but no less uneasy countenance "uh, hey... " he began in his nasal, testy tone "I, um, was hoping my time being back here, wouldn't be for a... little while. I'm not sure if you guys remember from last time- I think it was back when I was going by Jesus, but you can call me Bob." 