It is dark when I wake up, and there is someone in my room.

This has happened so many times now that I’m no longer scared.  The ones who truly want to die, who are tired of living … they find me.  There is no death for them otherwise.  There has been no death for seventy years.

Some of them find me after years of research, following lead after lead posted on secretive message boards hidden in the strands of the dark web, or passed along in the places where the seekers meet.  Others simply have a feeling.  They’re drawn to me somehow, by some sort of psychic intuition that I’m unable to explain.

I push aside the thin blanket that covers me, and swing my legs over the edge of the hard cot.  I do not turn on the small lamp.  We sit in the darkness, my seeker and I.

I live simply and travel often.  I am twenty-one now, and children were illegal for fifteen years before I was born.  My parents hid my birth, and unlike so many others, they were successful.  To the governments of the world, I do not exist.

In this, I am doubly lucky, because there are those who cling to their immortality.  They are the old, rich men of the world, with all the resources of the world at their disposal.  I sometimes wonder how they would use those resources if learned of my existence – I, who could take everything from them.

“If you are ready,” I say to the seeker waiting in the darkness, “then I can help you.”

“I am ready,” comes the voice.  It is feminine, with a strange accent that I cannot place.  African?  Middle Eastern?  “I am so very tired … but there are things you should know before I go.  You may wish to turn on the lamp.”

This is also not unusual.  So many want to die, but every one of them want to be remembered.
And I do.  I remember all of them.

“I understand.  What is your name?” I say, turning the light up slowly so that our eyes can adjust.

Sitting on the cold concrete floor is an old woman with coppery skin.  “My name?  I am … my name used to be Ayyeb, once.  But I have not been called that in a long time.”

Something in the way that she speaks of the past makes me pause.  “How long?” I say.

She smiles a sad, lonely smile.  “Six thousand years.”

“Oh,” I say.  It seems an inadequate thing to say, but I can think of nothing else.

“I want to rest very badly.  More than anyone who has come to you before.  But before I receive your gift, I must tell you my story.  It is important.”

“Please, Ayyeb.  I would hear it.”

She hesitates, unsure where to begin.  “When I was … many years before I was born, people had stopped dying.  For perhaps a hundred years, there had been no death.  Children were born, but there were so few of us to begin with … a village that was twenty became forty or fifty.  It was not seven billion becoming twenty, as it is now.  Most thought that it was a golden age, and that the gods had smiled on us for our righteousness.

“And I was born into this wondrous time, and I grew into womanhood.  I married.  I bore two sons.

“And then one … one died.  The younger.  My tribe blamed his death on my older boy.  They called him a witch and a murderer, and they drove him from the village.  I … it is my shame that I let them.  Because I knew that in truth it was my fault.”

She takes a breath.  “Years passed, and then one day a stranger came.  He was different, odd-looking.  His skin was red, and his hair was straight and as dark as obsidian.  The few words he said were in a lisping language that none of us knew.  It sounded almost like hissing to us.  My husband Ethamm said he was a snake in the form of a man.

“Whoever he was, he was old, and tired – much like I am today, I expect.  He walked to me, and knelt, and he held out his hand.  I remember how his eyes looked, how many ages he held in them.  He was ready for his end.

“So I took his hand, and he died.  And after that … there was death again.”

She stops, and we sit in silence.  “I begin to understand,” I say.

“Yes,” she says.  “He was Death, and then he was not, and then I was.”

“And you were Death, and now you are not, and …” I do not finish the thought.

“And now you are,” she says.  “I am sorry.  It was not my choosing that it be you.  I think it just … is.”

In this moment, I cannot begin to understand everything she has told me.  “I don’t know what else to say, Ayyeb.  But thank you for telling me.  I know you want to rest.”  I hold out my hand to her.
She does not take it.  I can see how much she wants to, but nevertheless she stays still.  “There is one other thing I must tell you,” she says in a voice that breaks with ancient sorrow.

I lower my hand.

“My first son … I could never … even though I was Death, I couldn’t …” her voice trails into nothingness.  “He will come to you now, I think.  Please, do what I could not.”

I hold out my hand again.  “I will, Ayyeb.”

Her touch is strong and leathery and warm, and then it is gone.  Her fingers fall from mine and she slips away, in peace at last.

In the darkness by the door, there is a rustling, a hint of movement – another seeker.  He steps into the room quietly, and then looks down at the corpse on the floor, and then at me.  His skin is copper, and I can see the years on him.  His face unreadable, but his features are so very, very like his mother.

He looks down at Ayyeb’s body once again.  “I still can’t forgive her.  Not for my brother Epal.  Not for me.  Especially not for me.  For all these years she inflicted on me because of her cowardice.  “He looks at me with a challenge in his eyes.  “Do you judge me for that?”

“Are you sure that it was cowardice and not love?”

He looks away.  “Her reasons ceased to matter around five thousand years ago.”

“Then I don’t think it is for me to say.”

He nods, though he is dissatisfied with the answer.  “Still, will you take me?”

“Yes.  Of course.”

He sinks to his knees.  “My name is Kaiyan,” he says, hold out his hands, “and I thank you.”

Later, I sit on the cot and consider everything that passed tonight, while on the concrete floor below me, the bodies of a son and his mother slowly cool.

Kaiyan and Ayyeb.

Cain and Eve.