"We should just crush the bomb." A woman sighs as she leans against the door thumping her head against it.

"No Alice we cannot just crush the bomb, it would upset the chemicals which is what were are sent here to avoid. Also stop hitting your head the door is dented enough as it is." I sigh and turn back slowly trying to disarm the chemical bomb in front of me.

"But-" Alice protests with a stop of her foot shaking the building and sending the people outside falling to the floor, which creates a chain reaction of shaking.

"No buts Alice please just make sure to keep them off me while I disarm the bomb." I grunt and turn to Alice briefly to give her a smile, "It'll give you a nice, soft massage." 

Immediately Alice jumps to attention and turns all her focus to holding our foes at bay, understandable considering massages are a declining practice due to the fact people here could break your bones while giving you a high five.

I shudder, Swedish massages will never be the same again.
So much blood.

I turn back to my work and slowly and carefully finish disarming them bomb.

I stand up, stretch and grumble. To live in a world such as this where to be weak was a gift, and yet be so burdened by everyone's problems that they can't punch away.

"How did they even make this? Yo Alice! we're done here" I sigh and call to Alice who turns to me with sparkles in her eyes.

"REALLY?" She squeals and kicks the door in front of her down squishing several people and grabs me in a fireman's carry and rushes out the door.

"Come on!" She yells excitedly as I grunt with pain and fear as she leaps over buildings in her excitement, "I want ice cream too! and Pizza! and your handmade sandwiches!"

When did I ever promise that I would get her food? Still she looks so excited and dare I say it cute, I can't just say no.

"Fine, fine" I groan as we land on the balcony of my apartment.

"Thank you!" She squeals and leans in and gives me a peck on the cheek, she rushes into my apartment  and starts removing her clothes. "Come on! I can't wait!"

I smirk and walk inside, although this world needs me too much it isn't so bad.




