We called them zombies, for lack of a better word. The  term referred more to the fact that the person who owned that body, in the before, was dead, but the body wasn’t actually dead. They also didn’t crave human flesh, another “zombie” oversight.

You see, something happened to our planet. We called it The Spore. It has been on Earth since life first began, but humans only just discovered it. 

The Depths project found it. This was a two manned submarine able to explore the bottom of the ocean at depths never before reached. They took samples of fauna and flora from a deep underwater cavern and brought them topside to study. The research was done in Boston, or ground zero.  Once the spore dried in the open air, it infected and reproduced. It was so fast, humans really didn’t even put up a fight. People simply, turned. Their mind was gone, their eyes turned bright gold. They lost all their hair and even had bioluminescent qualities on their skin and eyes.

What we didn’t understand, until some time after the end, was that our infected loved ones were not mindless killing machines. Instead, the Spore, was alive. It was a perfect symbiosis take over of their hosts. The host kept the brains bodily functions, while the Spore controlled the mind, the consciousness. Speech and movement were taken over as well. They were now, together, the perfect predator. They didn’t have the high functions of humans such as love and empathy and hate. They were like animals, living for the hunt. And now, they were at the top of the food chain. It started with the infected going home and brutally killing their family and neighbors. Then it spread out.

But, we could handle that. Humans, we could overcome this and we kept them at bay for a very long time. We had been living for five years in the after. Much of the world was gone, even more was in pieces. But the remaining humans, holed up in their small compound communities across the globe, held together by ham radios and satellites, we could beat this. For the last year the attacks were getting less and less. We were winning. Infection rates were down, we were learning to adapt.

A soft whimper from the other side of the door intruded my thoughts. I closed my eyes as tears silently fell down my cheeks. 

We were so close.

“Mommy?” 

My hand flew to my mouth to stifle my strangled sob.

“Mama, it’s me. Please, Mommy...I need you!”  I gave up  trying to hide my sobs and banged the back of my head in frustration against the metal door that separated me from what was left of my 12 year old daughter. Her voice was desperate and some primal need inside me warred against my mind. I was her mother, she needed me! My body wanted to obey even if my mind knew that was stupid.

I grabbed the small waste bin on the floor next to me and heaved. Oh we were so stupid. They were better than us in most ways, they were agile, fit, superhuman strength and senses. But we were smart, we told ourselves, they were just animals. We knew, we had always known, they were cunning and devious. They were not arrogant, like us pathetic humans. Their greatest weapon was that they had our memories. And we never saw that coming, until now.

They had advanced so much in five short years. They went from random attacks and killing to planned assaults, to command structures and now to their own version of a WMD. They had bided their time for a whole year while they figured out our memories and how to use them. 

While we didn’t think they could remember, or if they could that they couldn’t understand them. We theorized that the reason they didn’t have higher thinking capabilities was because in species terms they were infants. But that given time, their sentience would grow. But not this fast.  They went from basically primordial ooze to teenagers, using our own emotions against us, in five short years.

“Please Mommy,” came a frightened whisper, “I’m scared, I hear noises!” I could hear them too. The screams and cries from the dying  in the rest of the complex.

I readjusted myself against the door, the handle was digging into my back, I didn’t consider how good their hearing is. The moment I moved she charged the door. In one deft and nimble movement, like a deadly ballerina, I was pinned against the door, her boot lodged at my throat. 

Her beautiful brown hair was gone. Her skin was almost transparent , but bioluminescent blue and green lights trailed her skin like highways in the dim light. Her eyes, cold and calculating were bright gold, shining in the dark.

She had grown, I realized. She wasn’t a prepubescent 12 year old, no she would be 17 now.  Fresh tears streamed down my face as I stared at my baby girl, because past all that I could still see her there. 

“You’re so beautiful.” I sobbed against the boot. 

Those hard eyes, cold like steel bore into me. I knew my last breath was coming, but I was actually glad my final sight would be of her. I simply stared into those eyes trying to remember the deep ocean of brown they once were. Ever so slightly though, I saw something change inside those eyes. I saw, emotion, behind them, like an ember trying to light. 

“Hannah?” I gasped. 