"Will you jussst ssstop for a minute?"

I scowled at the young boy standing in front of me, sword raised and face set in grim determination. His blade glowed with radiant light, his shield hummed with protective power. Blessed artifacts, probably gathered by much hard work and questing. I could feel my scales flaring in irritation.

"I will never stop! Not while your evil oppresses this land!" He thumped the blessed sword against the holy shield; a wave of energy rang out with the resonance of a bell choir, scattering all of my minions and burning them to dust with the divine radiance. I flinched a bit as the wave hit me. It tickled. I hate tickling.

"For My sssake, human, you do know you're wassssting your time, right? Thosssse items may desssstroy my minionssss, but they do nothing againssssst me."

"I'll not listen to your lies, monster!" He roared as he charged at me, shield up and sword drawn. "For the people of Altrea! For my mother and father! For the WORLD! Today, you DIE!!"

His blessed sword hit me, sank deep into my chest. A grin of righteous victory filled his face... until he noticed me just staring down at the sword cooley. Undisturbed. The divine blessings on it kind of prickled. It was annoying.

"Jusssst ssssit down, you ssspazzy fucking grassshopper." I swatted him to the side and pulled the sword out from my chest. As the wound healed up I used the sword to pick some food from between my fangs before throwing it to the side. "Why did you come here, boy?"

"For justice! For vengeance!" he shouted challengingly.

"That'ssss not what I meant, boy. Why YOU, sssspecifically.?"

"I am Chosen! The old prophecies are clear, that a Blessed Child will appear to defeat you. I AM THAT CHILD!"

"No, you aren't." I told him neutrally. "I know who the Child of Prophessssy isss. I knew him the moment he wasssss born, felt the divine presence filling him from a mile away."

I lashed out, grabbed this foolish misguided boy by the arm, yanked him to my eye level. "Every teenager who thinksssss they are the Child of Prophessssy goesss through the sssame tired predictable routine. They leave their home, sssstart a Great Quesssst. Meet troubled people, ssssave some livessss and ssssolve some problemssss. They find magic treasuresssss they believe will give them the power to ssssslay a god. Then they break into my home, WHICH I NOW HAVE TO REPAIR THANK YOU VERY MUCH BOY, and ssslay all who sssstand in their way until they get to me."

The boy swiped at me with the holy shield. I batted it out of his hand, and grabbed his other arm. Held him in the air by both arms and pulled to each side, holding him prone by his limbs. He winced; I glared.

"Before you die, boy, I will tell you what I told every other 'Child of Prophessssy' who tried this ssssame inssssipid plan to sssslay me. The true Child of Prophessssy is no longer a *child* at all. He issss a man named Bilhelm. He isss a forty year old baker, far from here in Ssssssolnara."

The boy's eyes shot open wide, before narrowing back into an accusatory glare. "LIES! You are trying to deceive me, to weaken my Faith. It won't work! I know better than to trust the word of Evil Incarnate!"

I ripped his arms off. He fell to the ground, screaming in agony as blood sprayed from the red mounds that had once been his shoulders. I casually tossed his arms to the side of my throne, discarded.

"When I felt Bilhelm'sss ssspirit enter the world, I knew I had to act fassssst, to neutralize him assss a threat. The ONLY threat that could sssstand against me. Now you may be thinking, 'He musssst have ssssent armiessss to hunt down thisssss baby', yesss?"

The boy screamed more. He probably couldn't think of anything coherent right now, to be honest. 

"Well, I did no ssssuch thing. That would have been foolissssh, ssssserving only to announce hissss pressssence to the world. I worked from the shadowssss, ensssssuring his family's home wassss never attacked, that his parentsssss had financial successsss, that he had the freedom to follow his ssssimple dream of being a baker. The besssst balker in Sssssalnora, actually. I made ssssure that nothing ever sssshattered his world. Coddled him, kept him ssssafe and ssssecure."

I loomed over the screaming boy, who was trying without success to get to his feet. He didn't know how to do it with no arms. "Heroessss are born out of *need*, boy. They are forged in the firesssss of persssssecution. A man who growsssss up with no need, with no wantsssss... he has no *reason* to ssssstrive."

I grabbed the boy hero by his neck, liftd him into the air. "Complassssency, boy. Lazinesssss. This is what killssssss heroessss. Remember that in your next life." **SNAP**, and the boy 's corpse fell to the ground, his neck broken. His story ended.

I rang for servants to enter the hall. Ordered them to clean f the blood, the dust that remained of my soldiers, and to put the blessed sword and holy shield in the armory. They would be rewarded to one of my generals who served well in a future battle.

The intrusion ended, I left my throne room, to appraise the damage to the castle. Repairs would have to be done. Daily chores and daily life would continue on, as they always did.

- - - - -

Hidden in the rafters covered with the Invisibility Cloak they had found on their adventures, Arlia did the best that she could to choke down her urge to scream as she watched Garin, her friend, her... her brave, oh Gods so brave, friend, be torn to literal pieces as the Evil One gloated.

She remained still and quiet as the Evil One left to tend to castle repairs, watched as the servants cleaned the throne room, stole away Garin's sword and shield and... and unceremoniously burned his body to ashe with no funeral, no rites. She watched the remains of her friend be swept away like trash, to be disposed of and lost forever.

Tears filled her eyes; she fought them back, tried to wipe them away before they could drop to the floor and betray her position. She thought for a moment of her and Garin's adventures, how she had worked from the shadows while he charged head on, a team, a pair, a... a love that was now never to be.

Fire filled her eyes as she looked upon the empty throne. Quietly, she padded along the rafters, into a hole in the ceiling to the roof, and out through the unsecured window she had first entered the castle through. As she made her way through the shadows to flee the castle, she whispered to herself, ^"Solnara... ^Bilheim ^the ^Baker."

