“Buses are kinda like banana cars.” David thought to himself, “I could use that. Now I just gotta think of a word for banana and car….”

He made his way down aisle of strangers. After two weeks at Scola High, he might have made the basketball team, but he was still didn’t make any real friends. Tonight wasn’t his first away game, his third in fact. Everyone already had their spots, and he had his, so he looked for usual seat: the left window seat third from the back. It was taken. Taken by some guy in a black hoodie way too big for his size, draped over his face like some evil monk.

David clenched his teeth,“Tsk, now we’re am I gonna sit?”

“We’re gonna drop the girls off at their swim meet first!” shouted Coach “everybody triple up and make room for the girls. I don’t want any complaints!”

“Well that answers that.” David reluctantly plopped himself down next to the monk. “Maybe he’s a new kid too?”

As the hum of the engines started to meld in the the background noise, a swimmer stood next to David.

“Umm, can I sit here?” she asked as he already made room for her. She pushed for more room, turned around, and started talking to her friends across from her.

“Rude. But I’m not much for small talk anyways. I wonder what I’d do if Bell was here then?” David smiled a little at the thought. “I wish I could have some alone time with her.”

It was the middle of winter, but with two teams on one bus, it started heating up fast. David took off his coat, while the monk pulled up his sleeves. As he mindlessly scrolled through he thought, “Maybe I could call a banana a “Kulah” and a car a “Sal”. Kulahsal, Banana Car.”

He felt the monk shake and put his hand to his face, like he was trying not to cough. David leaned away hoping he wasn’t sick.

“Still if Bell was here, I wish I could tell her I liked her.” David paused, stroking his stubble. “Nah, I couldn’t just go up to her and say it. Maybe if I confessed in my conlang. Maybe if I said ‘sei venam yaawe’... but why would I tell her ‘i love you’ if she wouldn’t understand!” he sighed and sunk into the bus seat. “Still, it’d be nice if, in a perfect world,  she’d say ‘yaate’.”

The snow pelting against the window brought him back to when he first met her; his first day at Scola. He couldn’t make sense of the campus layout and his class schedule wasn’t helping either. Not even second period and he was lost. Already late, he went for some fresh air outside the main door. His foot met the wintry bricks and the ice stole his step and sent him flying. When he came too, all he saw was her. Standing over him like an angel, cloaked in snow gear, with a bare hand extended. When their hands met, he felt a spark and all he could think of was, “what a warm smile and warm hand.” She looked a little red in the face and asked him which class he had and if he knew where it was. She even walked him all the way there. All he could manage was a smile.

“If she was here,”  David thought, “I’d at least say ‘thank you’. Even if she didn’t remember, as long as I told her how grateful I am and how kind she was, that’d be enough.”

It was the middle of winter, but with two teams on one bus, it started heating up fast. David realized he wasn’t pressed up against a hoodie anymore when he felt someone squeeze him. Mr. evil monk had grabbed his arm, holding tight. David took a glance at him. No, her. As she took off her hood. Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were wide; they seemed to look right into him. His heart pounded and their eyes locked.

“Uh..” he muttered. His mind went blank. Should he smile? He did. Flirt? Hell no. Small talk? What would he say? He didn’t know, so he said the first thing that wandered into his head. “Sei venam yaawe, thank you.”

&#x200B;

***

&#x200B;

Bell saw David right when he walked in. She wanted to say “hi”. She was gonna call him over, but her voice caught. She stuttered. She threw on her hood. “Maybe he doesn’t like me. Well ... what if he does. I don’t know, I mean I’ve never touched him since we’ve first met.” Bell sighed as her cheeks grew red.

She pulled her hood down over her face reminiscing over that stormy winter morning. She was late because of some winter traffic when she carpooled Anna, her neighbor and closest friend. They were talking about there being a new kid. Scola was a small school, when someone new came, everybody knew, especially if they came in the middle of the year. She saw someone she didn’t recognize opening the main door. School just started and this stranger was leaving. He took one step out of the door.

She giggled to herself as she went over her memories: his feet flew right up and he fell right in front of her. As she reached to pull off her glove, she hesitated, wondering if it was ok. She took a deep breath in and on the exhale, she yanked off her glove and held out her hand. As their hands met, a thought slowly rose from the soft patter of the snow and up her arm. She blushed.

Bell held her hands together, “maybe next time we’ll get to talk.”

“We’re gonna drop the girls off at their swim meet first” shouted Coach “everybody triple up and make room for the girls. I don’t want any complaints!”

“Wait, he’s sitting here. I should say hi.” Bell’s mind began to race. “No, does he even wanna talk to me? What am I gonna say? ‘Hey, remember that time you fell on your ass right in front of the school?’ Noo”

“Umm, can I sit here?” asked Anna.

She felt David against her, already making room for Anna and Anna immediately turned to the side and pushed him closer to Bell.

“What are you doing Anna!?” If Bell’s mind was in a race with her heart, her mind crashed into a wall. With each second, her heart beat harder and harder, getting closer and closer to breaking out of her chest. She rolled up her sleeve. Her hand was shaking, like going against a mental magnet. Their skin touched and a thought rose silently from hum of bus traveling up her arm; “Kulahsal, banana car.”

“What?” she giggled to herself, covering her mouth. “What’s he thinking about.” As if he read her mind, she heard, “Still if Bell was here, I wish I could tell her I liked her.”

She pressed herself against his arm, just a little harder. She didn’t want to miss a beat. Before she knew it, she had grabbed onto his arm. Her heart took laps. Her mind filled with David’s.

She saw his eyes turn as his head followed. She squeezed tighter and returned his smile. She didn’t need flirting or small talk. The air between them stood warm between them, help up by awkward smiles.

She thought for a second and whispered , “yaate”.

***

My first WP. So to that one person who reads this, I'd love some feedback.