Most people think it’s your late teens that’s the prime of your life, and while it’s not impossible to make physical improvements at any time, even when you’re considered well past your prime, most people hit their peak in their late 20s, and then it’s all downhill from there.

I’m not most people.

I hit my peak in my late 20s, and I stayed at my peak for a very, very, *very* long time. In fact it’s been almost a millennium now since I turned 28.

I’ve seen civilizations rise and watched empires fall, and in that time I’ve learned there is only one constant. Well, one other than death and taxes, that is. So there’s three constants, the third being poverty. Actually, I guess there’s four constants. Me, I’m the fourth constant. Except I cannot die so in my case I guess there’s really only two constants. Two, because I don’t pay taxes. Why would I, when everything I earn comes from the streets.

When I was 28 I helped my father and the other stonemasons build the Tower of London.

When I was 35 I began to get strange looks from those closest to me.

When I was 38 I fled from my family and those that wanted to burn me as a witch, and I began a new life.

5 years later I was forced to flee once again, and that was when I realized the only way to avoid public scrutiny was to become what the public don’t want to see, even though it’s right in front of them.

And so I became a beggar.

With my dirt-encrusted face and hands I could be any age, not that my age mattered because only the most charitable members of society look at beggars, and even they don’t look very closely. And as long as you don’t draw attention to yourself by shouting and screaming or talking loudly to the spirits, nobody remembers you.

And so for centuries I've lived on the streets and watched as the world unfolded around me.

During the colder months the churches would shelter me, and later (much later) it was the missions. And while I may stay a few months and help out and earn my keep, I always left in the spring, long before anyone had a chance to notice anything peculiar about me.

Unfortunately we don’t always go unnoticed, because if there’s anyone that does notice beggars, it’s *other* beggars. Other beggars would see me around and get to know me, and while many were certifiably insane or had alcohol-pickled brains, not all did.

Like me, there were some beggars that chose this life.

And because there was nothing wrong with them, and because you need to keep your wits about you to survive on the streets for any great length of time, those sane ones noticed everything around them, and so they noticed me. More to the point, they noticed I never appeared to age.

The smart ones never said anything, but I still knew, because I kept my wits about me too. So I always caught the sideways glances and the discrete looks, and I always knew when my secret was out, but as long as they kept it a secret, too, I was fine with that.

It was only when they talked to others about it, or tried to talk to me and learn about my immortality, that was when I was forced to once again move on. After killing them, of course, because I couldn’t leave behind someone that may talk about me. A secret is really only a secret when only one person knows about it.

I hope you can keep a secret.