Shocked at the sudden human interaction I had been missing and craving for so long, my eyes begin to well up with joyful tears. I start thinking about how ridiculous I must look to everyone around me, when suddenly what she said clicks - invisible!?

With tears still in my eyes, my face shifts from one of happiness to one of confusion.

"Do...you want to run that by me again?" I said, my voice shaking slightly, but still projecting an obvious level of concern.

"Invisible!" She sounded a bit excited. "This is so exciting, I love greeting the invisible people! How did it happen to you?"

What an odd pair of questions. How did it happen? Invisible people? Is she bullshitting me?

"Look," I started. "As much as I am loving the fact that someone is actually acknowledging me, you're gonna have to prove that I'm invisible." Part of me actually kind of believed her, given the 6 months of evidence. I still wanted confirmation.

"Pfft, that'll be easy. Come with me!" She extended her hand, which I was reluctant to take, but did so regardless. Something about her touch seemed comforting. Inviting, even.

She lead me down several roads through the town, waving in the faces of passerby, which produced no reaction. I thought that was her proof, until she came to a stop. Next to us stood a towering gate, whose iron lettering spelled out a word that, upon seeing it, shook me down with an exasperating dread:

CEMETERY

She must have noticed, because she gave my hand a tight squeeze and produced a smile, and began leading me down the gravel path of the miniature necropolis.

We walked for a couple minutes, coming to a stop at a headstone. On the headstone, as I had dreaded, was my name, birth date, and a date of death, listed to be six months ago, and the day the world began ignoring me.

It was then that I really took in the woman before me. She was clad in a white sweater, bright enough of a white that one would assume it was bleached every other day, and pants of the same hue, with golden locks of hair that one could only describe as angelic. I cast her a morose glance, to which she nods with confirmation. I direct a blank stare to my headstone.

"How did it happen?" I asked, somewhat thankful to have been blissfully unaware of my demise. She responded, but with a voice more divine, for lack of a better word.

"I'm not permitted to tell you, but I can tell you that it was not painful, nor gruesome." I felt some manner of relief. "Come on," she said. "I have to take you."

No explaination was needed. I knew exactly where I was being taken. I nodded, and suddenly a light, starting small and dim, but steadily and quickly increasing in both size and intensity, ripped into the air in front of me. I took the woman's hand once again as she lead me to the afterlife.

I had finally accepted my death.