Envy was easy in a world of gifts.

Both my parents were blessed with relatively useful abilities. My dad being able to say whatever would make everyone listening burst out in laughter, whenever he wanted. He had climbed the corporate leader faster than anyone he knew, because people were so charmed by him. My mother was able to tell any lie and be believed. She was a successful history teacher who had written several books that were perched like trophies on shelves above her bed.

My gift was the ability to be completely immune to peer pressure and at a glance, it seems like a sought after skill but it completely foiled my childhood and adolescence.

I was immune to peer pressure and was able to think for myself, but this did not protect me from the consequences of breaking social mores.

As a child, I cheerily ate cream cheese and jelly sandwiches for lunch every day and was shunned for an entire school semester just for my odd food combinations. As a teenager, I refused to wear makeup because it made my face feel heavy and I never styled my hair because no one around me seemed worth the effort. This again, isolated me. 

I eventually made friends with other outcasts. But groups of kids who refused conformity seemed to have their own rules. When I shared my favorite songs with them, their faces turned incredulous and one by one each person in my little friend group rejected me for some reason or another. Usually for the clothes I wore. Despite my low-energy mood, I found myself attracted to bright colors. I wore filly pink tutus on top of my denim jeans or flowy kimonos only worn otherwise by grandmothers in Palm Beach. 

Although sometimes I was rejected for my taste in music. (I really like the soundtrack to "It's The Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown" and I don't really feel the need to listen to anything else. People never get over this.)

I liked my gift just fine, but it didn't seem to really do anything. It made me my own person, but success was nearly impossible when I was apparently wrongly confident. 

After I got out of school, I worked alone to harness my skill. I wanted it to make me rich like my parents. Every avenue I tried, I was rejected because people saw me as ugly and narcissistic, two traits they believed should not occur ubiquitously. 

But one day, I found my place in the world.

It started when I began to quietly create my own clothes in my apartment after particularly bad days at work. I would wear my custom overalls or dresses or smocks to the weekend markets and pick out my favorite fresh products, and I would often get compliments on my bold style. On a rainy Saturday, a woman stopped me just to stare at my dress in awe.

I had designed my dress to react to the rain, changing from a blue to a swirly purple hue that streaked with the raindrops. When I noticed my dress changing colors I opened my umbrella that matched the new purple color.

"That's amazing," said the woman. She was wearing all-black, under the largest red umbrella I had ever seen.

"Thank you, I made this myself." I responded, smiling.

"And you're braless, very daring for the thin fabric," she observed. "And I see you're wearing block heels. Though that style of shoes has been out for several seasons."

"You're blunt, aren't you?" I said flatly. "Don't compliment me if it's going to be back handed." I turned away to add spicy pickles and natural peanut butter to my basket for lunch.

"Do you know who I am?" the woman said behind me.

"No and I don't really care," I responded. "If you want me to continue talking to you, you should apologize."

Instead of an apology, I felt the sharp edge of a business card bite into my bare shoulder. I reached up and snatched it out of the woman's hand. I read the card and was shocked to see that the woman behind me was the president of a very traditional fashion design company. 

"You're no model," she said. "But you are a stylist. I need someone like you to dress my girls. I'm making some changes and no one seems to be ready for them," she sighed.

I turned the card over in my hand, admiring the high quality of the cardstock and the deeply printed gold letters.

The woman never apologized for her rudeness, but I did take the job, the fame, and the money.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;