Novice writer, trying to get some practice in.  Sadly didn't have time to edit.  

_____

Dying sucked.  

It's not nearly as pleasant or as peaceful as Hollywood makes it out to be, but that's not really why.  Sure, the process was slow, drawn out, torturous, and somewhat anti-climactic and not something I'd recommend despite its eventual inevitability.  

Credit where it's due; as such things go the IRS really isn't so bad after all.  

It's not even the people I left behind, and that hurt more than anything.  Mom always told me she'd haunt my ass if I died before her and knowing what this is putting her through just kills me.  Yeah, I get it, I need to work on my idioms I guess but the idea that something so *stupid* is going to fuck her up so bad is painful.  

That's bad, and makes me somewhat miserable in its own right, but, *sorry mom, I love you* it's not the worst thing. 

The worst thing is that the planet is still at least *half* full of fuck-ups I didn't manage to kill before my time came up.  There's too damn many of them that need killing and here I am, dead from a fucking infection.  

What the myriad agents of oppression all around the world couldn't pull off in nearly two-odd decades of my professional career, some tiny-ass bacteria managed in under 10 days. 

I mean, I guess I had to eventually die of something, but damn it, *I wasn't done yet.* Here I was, prematurely kicking it while my entire regiment of the best ass-kickers liberty ever had on her side was still waiting to finish the job.  And here I was, off committing the worst sin of my abbreviated existence.  I'd done something that General Vasquez wouldn't like; I'd gone off and *died* with the job not done and without her explicit permission.

To top it all off, the afterlife seemed like a pile of bullshit.  This place turned my stomach.  It was like an impossibly fancy office building that even the most shameless of DC bureaucrats would feel dirty walking into, with a smoke machine turned on.  Seriously, clouds on the ground? Maybe the cliches have to come from somewhere but surely in the entire history of the universe they had a chance to be more creative.  

"Fuck".

Not the most reverent of first words to have in my newfound post-life existence but it felt appropriate to the situation.  

In the chamber before me was a series of chairs aligned in rows, filled with bored looking folk of various descriptions. Beyond the chairs was a series of mostly unoccupied desks, with one bored looking bespectacled fellow reviewing a document.  

And immediately in front of me? A red device on a pedestal presenting a numbered ticket out of its little orofice.  

You've got to be fucking kidding me.  

This is the afterlife, and I'm in a goddamn DMV.  

I'm going to spend my eternity in hell and they don't even have the basic *fucking* common courtesy to just start the burning and be done with it.  Whoever came up with this eternal punishment business was more creative than I could ever imagine. 

The idea of an eternity at the mercy of whoever was behind *this* was almost as scary as General Vasquez' knife hand. 

I took a ticket and found an empty seat.  

A moderate forever later, what was (probably quite literally) the most bored voice in human history croaked out, "Twenty two.".  

I felt the '76' on my ticket was smirking at me.  The little shit. 

Whatever, if my career prepared me for anything, it was waiting around doing nothing for oppressively bullshit reasons. 

I felt like I lost my sense of time as I waited.  There was no clock, and I had no schedule.  Who knew how long I waited? I had no idea; I'd say it felt like an *eternity* if it didn't feel like I was tempting fate.  Or something more malicious.  

It almost caught me off guard when my number was finally called. I approached the desk.  

"Hello, my name is Simon Peter, W-"

"Bullshit" I blurted.  

He blinked.  "Excuse me?"

"Look, if you're going to torture me for an eternity can't you just be forthright about it? Do we really have to keep up pretenses? There's no way in *hell* you're Saint Fucking Peter."

He looked amused.  I wanted to punch him.  "Well, I can't say this doesn't happen occasionally."

"*Occasionally*? Come on, this can't possibly be that hard to figure out. People are *pretty* fucking stupid but..."

"No, Mr Collins, I'm afraid you're mistaken.  I am, in fact, the one often called 'Saint Peter' even if I personally don't like to claim the title."

I was unsold.  I looked at him with complete skepticism.  

"This whole setup", he gestured to the room, "is by design."

"I got that-"

"Please, Mr Collins, let me finish.  Souls pass on, often in quite literally the most traumatic experience of their existence.  They carry with them all of the baggage of their passing and any attachments they still have to the world are thoroughly inflamed.  I wish it wasn't the case but it's fairly inherent to the process even given the best of circumstances.  We need your souls at peace, else we cannot guide you to heaven."

I blinked.  Was he serious?

"Yes, I'm serious."

Ok, that shit is creepy.  

"No, I'm not reading your mind; anyone could have guessed what you were thinking from your face.  The Big Man Upstairs is the omniscient one and, thankfully, that's not something He shares. Anyhow, the best way to calm one's passions is to put a soul in a situation of absurd boredom.  The time it takes to calm down varies, but at the end the soul is so frustrated with waiting that they've purged the unhappy thoughts that followed them through their passing."

"I guess... that's pretty creative.  So wait, I'm going to heaven then? Me?"

"Well, yes, you've earned as much if you so choose.  But before you make that choice, we have someone you might want to meet with..."