It seemed like a normal Saturday, just like any other. Except that for some reason I had waken a little earlier than usual, I remember the Sun was just peeking above the lower buildings towards the airport; there was a shadow of an distant aerial on the wall opposed to the window in my room, last time I caught that brief alignment was 4 or 5 years ago. 

I don't usually remember my dreams, this time wasn't much different, but I felt something happened in a dream I should celebrate; I couldn't remember what happened but I woke with that conclusion and it stuck. Having nothing better to do, I took a quick shower and went out to reward myself with some icecream for whatever happened in the dream.


But as I stepped out of my building with a smile on my face and a spring in my step, it hit me. No clue what *it* was, but it felt like someone had slapped the underside my left forearm with something gooey and absurdly hot, like molten metal, and yet it somehow felt like it was filled with ice cold needles. I squinted so hard that instead of darkness I saw flashes of light, like a glow-in-the-dark glitter-bomb had gone off inside my eyeballs; I flinched, instinctively trying to move my left arm away from whatever it was, leaning back turning my face away from whatever the dangerous stuff was. At first I tried to scream so hard the air left my lungs before my vocal cords could tense enough to make a sound, the muscles on my belly and chest hurting from the sudden spasm. I held my breath, or lack thereof, for what felt like forever before breathing in and starting to scream louder than I ever thought I could scream.


The feeling on my arm slowly faded, I wasn't sure if whatever it had been was gone or if it had burned down thru my pain nerves. I tried to focus on my breath now, my throat sore, it felt like I had to do a little more effort to breath than usual, felt like I was sucking a drink up a straw that was a bit too long. Slowly I opened my eyes, everything seemed to be a bit brighter and the colors were a bit off, a bit too blue; I assumed it was just the effect of having squeezed my eyes with my eyelids so hard and for so long, the blood was probably slowly returning to them now.


It took me a while to build up the courage to look at my arm; at first I just stared at the crack on the sidewalk, then to my feet; there didn't seemed to be anything on the ground; I took a deep breath, and then slowly brought my arm into view. It didn't felt heavier, and I could feel the air moving against it; it felt a little weird, but I guess after that sensory overload it shouldn't be all that surprising.


The skin was very red, but still there; I noticed the little hairs seemed to be angled in an unusual way for a moment, but then they settled on their usual angle; and they weren't burned. Hesitantly I brought my hand to touch the red skin; it felt warm, feverish, but didn't hurt. I rubbed my fingers up and down the red patch carefully; I could feel my touch normally, there were some slightly pale traces where my fingers ran that quickly faded, it didn't felt like I was injured.

Then slowly, random speckles of regular color skin started showing up, then fade again, then show up again, almost like TV static in slow motion. My arm starts feeling a little tingly, so I try to get my breathing to a normal steady rate thinking I might be hyperventilating.

I blink, the static still there; I look at my right arm, it looks normal, so it's not something with my eyes. I look back to my left arm, the static didn't go away, but I have the impression the pixels are getting a little blurrier, or perhaps just bigger. As I take a closer look at it, there seems to be some sort of pattern forming, looks vaguely fractalish.


Suddenly, the fractal pattern zooms in, smearing a lot, like an old LCD screen; thru the slowmo motion blur, the fractal appears to morph. At first it seems it is becoming a series of slightly rounded geometric shapes, like a skin-colored camouflage pattern, but slowly the pattern gets thinner and the shapes get more aligned, some merging and some moving away from eachother, a pattern of slightly polygonal red blobs separated by regular skin, arranged in a line from the fold of my elbow all the way to my wrist. The tingling I was feeling changes; I'm not sure how to describe it other than it feels weird, and not like tingling. The blobs seem to have stopped morphing- no, they just slowed down, the edges are getting sharper, the straight lines straighter and the curved lines more elegant; it's starting to look like letters? It can't be, can it? It must be pareidolia...

My doubts are quickly washed away as the insides of many of the blobs repeat the pattern from static to fractal to camouflage and then solid regular skin color. It's undeniable now, not only it's letters, but it is actually words, a sentence!

> however long it takes, save us

I run my right hand over it. The pattern isn't overlaid on my hand, can't be a prank with a projector. My mind is racing, what does it mean, how can it be possible, and so many other questions.

It's then that I notice, after my scream, I hadn't heard anything. I should I least be hearing the distant sounds of the city waking up and cars going by nearby streets, but there is nothing. I start to slowly look around, the colors are still off, the sky seems a bit brighter than it should be at this time of the day. It feels like there is something in my hair; I run my fingers thru it and find nothing, but that makes me realize I'm getting the same feeling on the hairs on my arm.

I look down and wave my arm in front of me; the hairs sway almost like they're underwater. I get a bit of a goosebump with this disconcerting observation, not the type that raises hair though, I just felt a wave of shiver running thru my body. I run my left hand across the hairs of my right arm, and they move normally, no slowing down. I try to move my arm slowly, no effect; a quick twitch, still nothing.

"It's not speed based..." I mumbled to myself, and start moving my arm slowly thru a longer distance. "Hm, still nothing... What the fuck is going is going on?" As I gesture emphatically with both arms I notice the slight tug on the little hairs once again. "Distance AND speed? What the fuck?" I test it again, repeating all types of motions and a few new variations as well. "Yeah, consistent, speed plus distance..."


I look back at my arm, the text is still the same, the changes seem to have stopped. I start to think to myself that either this can't be a dream, or things wouldn't be this consistent; or perhaps things aren't as consistent as I think they are.

I start to get a bit worried, maybe I'm having some sort of stroke or something?

"Testing one, two, three" I mumble to myself, chuckling at my own silliness. "Well, at least seems I'm still able of speaking and understanding speech..."


I turn back to where I came from, I had the impression I caught a glimpse of some guy on a bicycle with one of those box-shaped backpacks with the logo of a nearby bakery; going to deliver fresh bread I guess; when I left the building. And sure enough, he was at the street corner. "What is going on?" I mumbled out loud once more, seeing the guy on the bike leaning to make a turn at the corner, both feet on the pedals, and yet completely still.


I race to get closer; after the first step, the air felt thick, like water, but then gradually returns to the usual consistency as continue to try to run, almost making me trip. As I get closer, I feel something hit my forehead, like I had just ran into a big moth. I stumble a bit to the side turning around and waving my arms against the inconsistent air to try to help myself to regain balance, and as I finish my turn I notice a loose leaf falling, at first it seems to be falling normally, but after a couple of seconds it is noticeably slowing down and eventually stops midair.


"Woah!" Is all I can mutter.


Slowly, I walk close to it, leaning a bit side to side to try to see if there is anything holding it in place; I see nothing. Carefully I slowly bring my hand closer to it, but before I could touch the leaf, when I was about 10 cm from it, it starts to resume it's fall in slow motion stopping just a few centimeters bellow. I try getting closer again and the effect repeats. "Not distance of my motion, but distance between me and stuff?" I move my hand faster to try to catch it before it reaches the ground, it tears a bit, flexing like as if it was underwater for a brief moment as I grab it, but as soon as I grab it, it seems to quickly start behaving at regular time scales. "Hm... it takes time to get back into motion..." I throw it up, it flexes slightly as it goes thru un'melted' air and then stops midair only a few centimeters above where I let it go.

I take a deep breath. "Woah, indeed..."

I turn around, now walking more carefully towards the bakery delivery guy. But well before what I guessed would be the range where I would start to defrost things significantly, I stop, starting to think whether it could be dangerous to defrost a human without doing it all at once. "Better run some tests with less important stuff first." I almost stop myself from thinking out loud but then chuckle with the realization there is no one to hear it.


I take a few steps back, looking around trying to think what I could experiment with that would let me figure out if it was safe to get close to people without actually risking hurting anyone if it wasn't. But it's then that I noticed, up in the sky. "T-that... is **not** the fucking Sun!" 

----
To be continued
