The crowd of Gods gathered like a storm cloud, drawn to the light of struggle like swarm of locusts to the flickering flame. Each of them an entity made entirely of human wants, needs, entitled demands and expectations, they drew power from the people who cared, thought, wondered or begged in desperation.

You'd think that the power of the Gods would grow as there were more people to believe in them, but they all fled the darkness of nihilism and apathy. The times of one single God gathering the rest in her iron fist were long gone. The Gods got smaller, weaker, and more quarrelsome with the ages. The swarm was no longer capable of a single miracle.

This has been the way for centuries. Instead of destroying each other in nightmarish battles that spill over into the world of mortals as pitiless cataclysms, the Gods chose their leader the same way social animals do, through displays of power instead of violence.

But it wasn't the Gods that made the choices. After all, each of them drew their power from mortals, and it was always mortals who made all the choices. Whom to pray, what to desire, who to hate and what to expect.

You didn't get that luxury as a God.

Like a black hole in a spiral galaxy, the dueling Gods (and it was a duel, at the heart of it) were at the center, but they too, were dwarfed by the swarm circling and observing them.

They boasted and they cried, they threw insults and lightning bolts at each other, and each resonated within the spiral, some with approval, others with booing. It was so much of an observer sport that there was no real distinction between the field and the bleachers. The changes were brewing, the storm was coming. As one God's power waned, another two were pulled in, their powers compelling them to become the new center of the tapestry. There was nothing they could do to stop it and being Gods, they didn't have the choice.

"Give it up, old man!" cried the dark-skinned Lord of Light, brandishing a heavy bound tome, "This book will be the end of you and you know it!"

Yahweh/Allah, Praise His Name, guffawed back with the fake bravado of an injured buffalo, "Like Hell! I've seen worse than you two, you don't have what it takes. Not a single one of you know what you're doing. You're fake, your world is fake, everything about you is a lie!"

"That's why it's working," R'hllor, the Lord of Light grinned, yelling back through the rising storm, "That's why they believe in it. They don't feel bad for believing a lie. They don't have to lie to themselves to believe it."

"Nonsense! The book is spoiled by the show already!" Yahweh/Allah, Praise His Name, shouted back, smacking the tome right out of R'hllor's hand.

But the book was deftly caught by the icy-cold blue hand of The Great Other, who wasn't much for words. He was still and dark and brooding where R'hllor was bright and cheerful and aflame. But as he caught the manuscript, he broke into a sinister smile.

"Winter is coming," he said.

Then the two fake Gods high-fived with the tome of Winds of Winter caught in between their hands, and the thunderclap cascaded through the swarm of self-important delusional thoughts belonging to billions.