At a certain point it becomes automatic. As the hit comes in you relax, and step with the momentum. You pivot so that you hit the ground on your side, tuck in your elbows, raise your shoulders, chin to chest. Get it right and you barely feel a thing.

I’ve been running through this sequence every single day since my eighteenth birthday. That was three years ago now. Since then, at some point during every day, a complete stranger has run up out of nowhere and tackled me to the ground. After a few seconds they’ll help me up, check me over for injuries, and walk away. The whole time they never say a single word. 

Believe me when I say I’ve tried to avoid it. One time, I hid inside the house all day, only to get flattened by a 6 foot tall Amazon delivery guy as soon as I opened the door. He didn’t even have a package for me. 

To make matters more complicated, there doesn’t seem to be a particular type of person that does it. One day it’ll be a guy in a suit, the next, a woman collecting money for charity. I’ve been tackled by old ladies, supermarket workers, priests, even a girl scout one time.

The only thing they all have in common, is that they’re careful to make sure I’m not hurt afterwards, and they never say anything to me. In fact they’re so attentive when they’re helping me up and making sure I’m okay that it’s kind of difficult to get mad. Not that I’m really the ‘getting mad’ type.

On the day I was introduced to the League, I’d long since given up trying to anticipate when the hit would be coming, so its not like I was being more alert than usual or anything. As strange as it mint sound, after three years, getting tackled every day had just become a part of my life. Spending my time worrying about when it would happen only ruined more of my day than was absolutely necessary. 

I was on my way home from work, when out of nowhere my body began to move by itself. Relax, step, pivot. I’d done it a thousand times before, only this time nobody was tackling me. Or to be more precise, I’d moved a second before the guy who was trying to tackle me had reached me. I pivoted neatly out of his path, turning to look just in time to see a scrawny looking guy in a tight white t-shirt and skinny jeans crashing awkwardly to the ground behind me.

He lay there blinking up at me for a few seconds, as if he was trying to figure out what had just happened. Then slowly, he stood up, dusted himself off, and reached into his back pocket, from which he produced a slightly crumpled business card. He handed it to me, gave me a nod, and walked away. 

The card was blank except for an address: THE LEAGUE OF CHRONOS. 127 OAKDALE STREET.

“Hey!” I shouted after him, but he didn’t stop. I already knew it was useless trying to talk to these guys. I checked the address again. Oakdale Street was just a few blocks away. I tried to weigh up my options. Obviously the thought of turning up by myself at some random address made me extremely uneasy, especially considering that this was almost certainly the person who had been tormenting me for the past 3 years, but if it meant that I could finally get some answers from who or whatever was behind it, then I didn’t really see that I had a choice. 

Whatever was going on, I couldn’t just let people slam me into the ground every day for the rest of my life. 