For the last few months I had been drinking, a lot. Quite heavily and quite often. There were many nights I didn’t remember. Sleep walking, sleep talking, and sleep texting had become an every other night occurrence. I was growing very tired of drinking alone.
  So I decided to ring a few friends to come stay the night and keep me company. Being adults with responsibilities, most couldn’t make it. Chelsie could though, as always. She had some pretty rough habits of her own so she was always free and down to get fucked up. We caught up like old times. Like always there were a million things to catch up on. Even if she wasn’t a great friend she was never a bore. She always had boy issues, family drama, and a new crisis around every corner. We stayed up til dawn doing shots and venting on how our worlds were always on the verge of ending. 
  “And when Sarah and I got back to the camper there was like a dozen cops just sitting there waiting on us. They ransacked it without us being there and had our money and drugs sitting in the—“. Suddenly I heard three faint beeps then absolutely nothing. They were so light that I probably would’ve missed them if it weren’t for the silence that followed. Even though her lips were still moving without a sound it took me a minute to register that this wasn’t normal. Was I having a seizure? Perhaps an aneurysm? Was all my drinking catching up to me in a split second? I tried asking her to repeat herself but I couldn’t even hear my own voice. I reached to my ears, no longer caring about her drama, just to feel a strange plastic piece covering each ear. Further prodding found a band going over my scalp like a set of 90’s headset. 
  Not thinking this was any more than a drunken mistake, I attempted to pull the plastic headphones off. The sudden, severe burst of pain made me gasp for air and drop to my knees.
  What the hell, where did these come from? How long have they been there? Looking up I could see her concern and her frustration as I could see her asking me questions that I couldn’t hear. All I could hear at this point was my own thoughts. 
  Am I dreaming? How could this happen and nobody tell or ask me about it? Is this a dream? How could no one notice? What do I do? 
  Please God, help me! 