It was a normal, lazy Sunday afternoon, and  I was taking one of my routine walks through the park. Families were happily playing in the sun and endless amounts of couples were lying on the grass beneath the trees, displaying their affections. I sighed. Everyone looked so happy; why couldn't I have the same?

The walks were always tormenting to me, giving me a outsider's glance at the life I wanted but couldn't have, but I couldn't stop; they also had another purpose.

'Maybe today'.

I had first seen the woman a couple of months ago, on a similar afternoon. She had taken my breath away like no Hollywood actress or supermodel had ever done. Her warm, chocolate brown eyes offered me an overwhelming sense of comfort, and I felt I could spend an eternity looking into them. She looked young, maybe in her thirties, but I somehow got the impression that she was much older. For some odd reason she was sat in a dark corner of the park where the sunlight couldn't permeate, on a solitary bench beneath a withering oak.

'It's rude to stare, you know.'

I suddenly realised that I had been gawping at this woman, completely entranced. She was looking at me now, a slight smile crossing her pink lips.

'I'm-I'm sorry,' I stammered, blushing heavily 'you're just... beautiful.'

She looked taken aback. Tilting her head slightly, she asked 'you really think so? That is a refreshing thing to hear. Most people fear me, many avoid me. I choose this corner of the park so I can be close to people, but without being directly around them.'

'Well, I think you're beautiful,' I said now more confidently. Being lonely was something I could relate to. I had been a loner through college and only had a handful of friends now. 'Can I sit with you?'

The woman smiled and notioned for me to join her. My heart pounding rapidly, I sat on the bench. Instantly I sensed a cold aura emanating from her, as if she absorbed all heat and life from the space around her. It gave me odd urge to embrace her, so I put my arm around her. As I did she recoiled slightly, as if she was not used to being touched.

'You probably shouldn't get too close to me,' she warned. 'Nothing good can ever come of being with me'

'Don't be so stupid,' I protested, 'you seem amazing.'

She smiled at that, but it was tinged with a hint of sadness. We then spent the next 2 hours talking. She mainly asked me about my life, my past and my plans for the future. Every time I mentioned something she merely nodded and smiled sadly, like I was only confirming what she already knew.

'Anyway, I've talked about myself so much, what about you?' I realised this woman knew so much about me, whereas I knew nothing about her - not even her name.

'It is better that you know less about me, although one day I'm sure you will know everything.' She did her sad little smile again. 'I had better be going now, but we will meet again much sooner than you know.'

And with that, she got up and left. I sat there and contemplated what she said for a while before leaving myself and going home. Since that day, I had returned to the park every Sunday, but I had been unable to find the park bench under the oak or the woman for that matter.

Maybe today will be the day.