A young woman sits in the middle of the crowded park. Around her, people stir, but they dare not approach. Those who get too close recoil in fear, expressions either stricken with horror or disgust. Sometimes a mix of both. Worried parents shield their children's faces as they guide them away from her, doing their best to hush curious questions.


Cautiously, I approach. My footsteps are quiet. Determined. Without wanting to startle her, I call out quietly. "Miss?"


Long black hair pools on the brown grass around her, swaying gently in the soft breeze. She looks up at the sound of my voice, large eyes wide with surprise. Black. Like coal. A stark contrast to the pale white of her skin. Her lips part, but no sound emerges.


"Are you alright?" I crouch down next to her, quickly scanning her over as I do. For the life of me, I can't figure out why everyone's avoiding her. She smells of lilies. Hardly unpleasant.


"Yes," she replies. Her voice is soft. I incline my head slightly towards her in attempt to take it in as completely as possible. Even just a word, I could listen to all day. Just the sound of it lulls me into relaxation. I've never felt so calm in the presence of such beauty. "...Not today, please," she whispers. She wraps her slender arms around herself, lowering her head. Before her eyes are obscured by a curtain of black hair, I swear I see tears welling within them.


I reach out. My hand just barely grazes her shoulder. "Are you sure you're alright?"


"I don't want to do it anymore."


"Do what?"


"So much pain, every day. So much. Some, they wait. Patiently. And their passing is calm. It's due. ...Others, so sick. They wait in agony for me to visit, until I can't watch them anymore. Until I can't take the suffering, their pleas." Her voice breaks as she chokes back tears. "...Others seek me out. Pain they don't show. So much sadness. Loneliness. They feel so hopeless, so they reach out; they call for me. I can't fix what is broken. They think I can. But it only breaks more. ...It only breaks more."


I tighten my grip on her shoulder and scoot closer. My breathing grows shallow, my heart beats slow. I feel as though the blood in my veins is starting to run cold, but I shake it off. She quickly brushes my hand from her shoulder, then rests her own hands in her lap. As my breath catches up to me, I try to piece her words together.


"I don't want to do it anymore. I just want someone-"


"I'm here," I reply hastily. Reassuringly. I don't know why she's opening up to me so much, but if she needs it, I'm more than willing to listen. I reach out to brush her tears from her cheeks, but she pushes my hand away. "I'm sorry." Sometimes I'm a little too casual with personal space. "You must not like to be touched."


"...I can't be." She reaches out, and just as the tip of her index finger grazes the petal of a daisy, it withers and browns. "I can never be touched, not really. My touch brings only death."


Finally, the pieces start to come together in my head, snapping together like a complex puzzle. "Are you-?" I watch her, mouth gaping and eyes wide. "...Death?" She nods in affirmation. I feel a flutter in my heart- Uncertainty. *Am I going to die?* I'm lost in selfish thoughts for a moment until I remember all she's said, and I'm suddenly overcome with an overpowering sense of loneliness. She's never been touched. She's never touched something without it dying.


She's never known anything else.


This beautiful woman, an integral part of the workings of the world, who brought new life to a forest after a raging fire, who provided sustenance for the seldom-seen creatures in the deep ocean- "...I'm so sorry," I say quietly. My eyes are brimming with tears that I don't bother wiping away. "You are so much more than that." I reach out, tucking my hand under her chin, and I raise her head to meet her gaze. As she reaches up to move my hand, I grasp it firmly, and then the other. Once again, my heart begins to slow. I ignore it, and lean forward to press my forehead against hers. Through shallow breathing, I whisper to her, attempting to calm her sobs. "I've seen the life you breathe into ravaged forests. Trees and flowers sprout from cooled lava flows."


"-*Please*."


As my vision begins to fade, I release her from my contact. "You *give* life. And I would travel to the brink of death and back a thousand times just so you could *feel* it. If you'd let me," I say. "You, more than anyone, deserves to feel. Just *feel*."


Tentatively, she reaches out for my hand. I grasp it, intertwining our fingers. "...For a few minutes," she says.


"At a time," I reply. "And we will be alright."