"Hey, Terry!" the Lisa greeted me with a smile when it was my turn.

"Hey, Lisa!" I answered back, setting my trustey right beside the counter and opening it. It had about a thousand coins left inside, but those would be gone by the end of the week.

"I need my coins, Lisa." I said to her, as I'd said many times before in the last month. Lisa had them ready, of course - she had been my bank teller for a good ten years and always had a smile for me.

"Here you go, Terry. 5000 in coins. Are you sure you don't want to tell me what you use them for?"

I start throwing them in my trolley. The people in line behind me look at me strangely, but I'm used to it. They will have to wait. Lisa keeps putting the rolls on the counter, I keep picking them up and throwing them in the trolley.

"I told you, Lisa, you just don't believe me... It's a matter of life and death." I tell her while keeping smiling. I know that without Lisa backing me up I might have to go to a lot of banks to get all the coins. It takes me too much time. I'm not 70 anymore... this bank I can still reach and return home while dragging my trolley. I am never without it anymore. I can't carry all those coins, they are so heavy. I wish they made deliveries.

I say goodbye to Lisa after ordering the next batch and head home. Matlock is coming on soon, and I'll rip all the rolls while I watch it. I should be done before Murder, She Wrote starts.

The trolley is getting heavier each week. It's just 28$ more each week, but I am not getting stronger. Those two weeks when I had the flu were terrible. I almost ran out of coins and when I finally got to the bank, Lisa wanted to call an ambulance. I know she means well, but they would have taken my trolley in the hospital. It would have been over.

I know it can't last. I still got enough money, though the kids won't be happy when they find out how much I spent. Well, they shold have been nicer to me. They'll still get the house, and I have made sure that it will be sold if they can't make a deal between them. I don't want them to fight over the house.

But the coins are getting heavier. Just like my legs. Just like my arms. The day will come when it won't be worth it anymore, but that will have to wait. I am going to be great-grandfather coming November, and I'll be there, even if I have to hire someone to bring me my coins.

I wish that damn machine would would take paper, or even a credit card.