I sat, staring up at the ceiling. Why wasn't I dead yet? Was I dead? The pills had always had bad side effects on me, and I could barely think. Now, it was like I was a little boy. The past... 20? years had gone by in a fog. I could think clearly again. Was the disease a lie? In the beginning, I saw tons of bodies, littering the ground. Cure was known since the beginning. The people that couldn't afford it just died. My mind reflected on clear memories, from books. I could remember them perfectly. Nothing else. Where did I work? I knew, but I just went there automatically. I could never act on the things I read, but now I can. Was this a ruse? I looked out the window. Blue skies. I then heard clumping outside my door. Two, three pairs of people? I lived alone. A knocking at the door. 

"Hello, Mr. Bow? Disease Control here." came from outside it.

Yep, it was definitely all a ruse. I was different. It was foggy for everyone else, too, but less than me. They couldn't read, though. That was which I only took enjoyment in doing. No tv bills, no internet bills. Just books. I had packed a bag... for some reason. I did that, sometimes, and could never remember why. I suppose I always knew it was fake, then. I looked at my sword, on the wall. Cloudy memories of me practicing, using it. From the door, one of the people said, "Mr. Bow? Please open the door."

I was dead unless I acted. I got up, and grabbed the sword. Quietly. I heard a smashing at the door, and it moved. I hid the sword in my bedsheets, and laid back down. The door broke open. Two smiling men stepped in, wearing traditional Disease Control clothing, and sunglasses.
"Hello, Mr. Bow? It is apparent you have forgotten to take your medication. We will have to terminate you for this offense." 
I just grunted. The man frowned for a second, and stepped forwards. Inbetween me and the window. 

"Can you kindly sit up, so my partner can quickly administer the serum?"

I grabbed my sword, and slung my backpack over my shoulder. The other Disease Control man made a grab for me, but missed. I charge forwards, impacting the man. We went crashing through the window, and down 3 stories. The man cushioned my fall, and did not survive. I staggered to my feet, and quickly took the man's items. Car keys, wallet, and sunglasses, shattered in one frame. I ran towards their Jeep, a common sight on the road. I knew that there were only 2 people sent for me. In the haze of the last 20 years, I had read everything I could get my hands on. I noticed that the shocked bystanders were smiling and nodding at me, not doing a thing. I never remembered smiling. I jumped in the jeep, and started it up. I flattened the gas pedal, and went roaring down the street. Where could I go? Well, the desert was within 50 minutes' drive, and, in the beginning, people fled from the desert to the coast, the desert completely inhospitable to the type of moss that provided the cure. Some stayed. Some, possibly, never heard of the disease. And, the government made it a law to stay within 20 miles of the nearest drug store, so the desert was off-limits. I continued to drive, my mind surfacing the only knowledge that was beneficial to me. There was, surprisingly, a lot of it.