"Aight, we gonna do this or what?" James mumbled out, his accent and demeanor perfect. Six months in intensive training and it was his first day: he was beyond ready.

"Yes, my brother, let's initiate this exchange of drugs," Jarfoor responded in an unusually high volume. 

"Oh yes, 2.2lbs of methamphetamine, son, you will enjoy doing all this meth after you have purchased it imminently," Dafur affirmed.

*What the fuck is happening?* James thought to himself. It was all going horribly wrong: he'd never learned to use any of that language. He composed himself before responding.

"Yeah yeah whateva, go say hi to my friend and we'll party afteward, ya feel me?"

"I'm afraid we haven't much time for saying hello, James," Jarfoor blurted out, "For you see we are in he midst of a class-3 felonious transaction."

"Yo yo yo, I don't know what it is or ain't, brotha, but we gotta run on this low key ya feel?" James shot back, quickly.

"We mustn't hurry," Darfoor chimed in, "2.2 lbs of crystal methamphetamine are being purchased, after all, and it's of the utmost importance that you are prepared to receive this and to aid and abet us in selling it, James."

James' world was crashing in on itself. He'd spent countless hours watching Kevin Hart and Chris Rock standup to prepare for this. He could recite the entire film Crash by heart. He thought he was ready, but he realized now that he had failed. He hung his head low and tried to fit in.

"Yes, my friends," James began, "Indeed I am here to purchase this crystal methamphetamine. Here is the agreed-upon money that we discussed. I'm handing it to you now."

"Freeze!" Jarfoor and Dafur shouted, raising weapons, "We got you now, you piece of shit!"

James stood with his hands held high. The other two immediately began checking for weapons, but found only a police badge under his denim parka. Then insidious cackling ensued.

"Holy shit! LAPD!?" Dafur cackled.

James, his head shaking from frustration, snatched the badge back. "Who the fuck are you guys?"

"Staties, bro, staties," Jarfoor chimed in, "And let me just tell ya, you gotta work on your undercover, bro. Got better at the end but that shit didn't fool nobody."