GET TO SAFETY

The words blinked in front of my eyes as I struggled awake, sleep pulling at me, tugging me back and finally tearing away from my body, every muscle tense and aching. I hadn't gotten much sleep.

Trudging downstairs, the words hung flickering in my vision like the spots that linger after looking at a bright light, flitting away as I tried to focus on them.

Ten minutes later I was out the door, walking down the bleak concrete of the noiseless street. Get to safety... What could it mean? Usually these tasks made sense. They were something obvious like "find your keys" or "go to mum's" or "don't touch the dugong"... That had been an interesting day.

I planted my feet heavily up the steps one by one to the old peeling blue paint of the wooden door and knocked a hollow rhythm. The door opened and there she stood, her face streaked with tears.

"What's happened Jess? Are you alright?"

We sat together on the plush, mustard coloured, mustard scented sofa in the living room, the taste of mustard in the air as she explained what had happened. She had been feeling useless, stuck in a rut. She wanted to try something new, something exciting... And in the spur of the moment had signed up for a salsa dancing class.

This was amusing for two reasons. The first was that the only dance classes within a stone's throw of hampridge were run by the crazy old woman with the hunchback and the gold teeth, who on at least one occasion we had seen screaming gutturally at a flock of pigeons. The second reason was that Jess was so uncoordinated that she once sprained her knee doing the Macarena.

She told me that every friend she spoke to - knowing this latter factoid - had tried to talk her out of it by this point in the conversation, and she was surprised I hadn't. She asked, with baited breath and wide, teary eyes... Why? Why wasn't I treating her like the others? I took her hand, and softly gave the answer she was looking for:

"Jess, you can dance if you want to. You can leave your friends behind. 'Cause your friends don't dance, and if they don't dance then they're no friends of mine."

GET TO SAFETY - COMPLETE