People think they know what real power means. They think that because their parents gave them some high ranking job in a bank or a government office that they can just go around pushing over everybody. That’s where I come in. I like to think of myself as something of a modern age Robin Hood. Only if Robin Hood was a billionaire man in the world and used connections rather than a wooden bow. 

You’re probably thinking “who the hell is this dude” or “you probably just inherited your money from your family so why the hell are you crapping on other people”. Well in that case I think a little backstory is in order. I’m the world’s youngest self made billionaire. I wasn’t a poor person beforehand, I had been born into a relatively well off family. Never had to think about food or clothes, but we weren’t exactly rich either. We were what you would call middle class. During college, I met some entrepreneurs. They came from rich families and had god connections. I proposed to them a business idea of an online book store called amazon. However mid way through I decided to take my share of the money and leave the company. I had never appeared in any media coverage so no one really knew me, but Jeff and George were good guys so I let them get some recognition. That was when I was 20. Fast forward ten years and some good investments later, my money has increased by more than ten fold. More importantly though, I now have shares in some of the most powerful companies on the planet. 

When I turned 35, I found life to be extremely mundane. You would think a billionaire’s life would be interesting, but none of it is real. You’re surrounded by fake friends, unhealthy habits, and always worrying about your public image. That’s when I decided to move to Scotland. No one knew me there, but I decided to change my name anyways. I wanted to go back to the life I had in my childhood. I liked the simplicity of it all. I rented a small apartment in the city and applied for an entry level marketing job. I decided to leave out all my accomplishments from the resume and leave only my bachelor’s degree. It wasn’t easy explaining what I’ve been doing all those years though. Anyways. I got a job that wasn’t so bad and made some true friends. We went to together to the bar each night and all in all it was a good time until ...

It was a chilly Friday morning, I didn’t have time to make make breakfast so I just drank some coffee and left for work. I had a feeling this wasn’t a good day and the old man who tried to tackle me on the underground wasn’t a good omen either. I reached work and sure enough a note was waiting for me on the desk. I entered my boss’s office. 
“You wanted to see me sir?” 
“Yeah ... ummm ... sit down mark” his tone wasn’t settling “look, I gotta be honest. You’re terrible. You won’t have a career in this and by this rate I doubt you’re going to have a career any where. If I were you, I would just go work as a waiter or something and try to enjoy the rest of your lives”. 
“But sir, I’m the best employee here.” It was true, so far my ideas have been the ones used the most in the final projects. I was a natural at this, after all I did do it before hand and that turned out pretty well. 
I put on a pretty good case for myself, but still all I got was “you’re terrible”. 

I left that room with only one thing on my mind: that son of a bitch is going down. The owners of the company I’ve been working at were actually friends of mine, so I called them to inquire about my manager. Said I wanted him in my new enterprise and wondered how good he was. They were really surprised when I called about him, but after some nudging they told me he wasn’t bad, but for some reason his team never completed a full year with him. But they gave it to him, he was a man of results, so they never questions his methods. I had a hunch of what was going on, but I had to make sure. 
“Did he ever promote anyone?” 
“Only once, but the guy wasn’t that good” 
That made me certain. My third question really caught them off guard however. 
“Do you have any job openings? I had always wanted to rejoin the game, but never had the chance, and I have actually just moved to Scotland as well” 
“We’ll make you an opening” 

That’s the story of how I had taken over his job as regional manager. Nobody understood what happened, but all they knew was that he had to leave the country and I was promoted, none of which was lies. I also had good connections in parliament. That was my second move. I hired some people to hack his computer, and the guy became a pedophile. Not only that, but conveniently the laws had just witnessed a surprise change that made pedophilia punishable with the same jail time as murder.
And that’s how one life destroying bastard had his life destroyed  

