"Shit, sorry, I forgot my card," the young woman explained sheepishly to the driver. The bus was empty but for a few girls sitting in the back quietly, watching her with large dark eyes. "I've got change though!" she continued brightly.



The driver grumbled as she dug through the ancient looking leather purse on her hip. She'd had the thing since... well, forever. Or her family had, anyways. Her fingers brushed over the soft leather, across the small stamping that read *Tíolacadh*. 



The bag had been a gift to her ancestor, once upon a time in Ireland. Before it was Ireland. Before it was anything but a wild grass covered rock, rife with battle and bloodshed. The rational part of her mind knew that there was no *way* one of the Folk, the Smiling People, the Sithe, had given her family a magic bag.



The irrational side, the side that had drawn a hundred times from it in need, wondered what her ancestor had done to be gifted as such. It was the irrational side that stilled when her hand closed around a familiar feeling grip. It was the irrational side that knew, *knew*, that something was deeply wrong. 



Her eyes darted up, glancing around the bus before settling on the driver. "I... I don't seem to have the change after all." she said weakly, edging towards the half closed door. The dark street beyond beckoned her, calling her away from whatever was about to happen.




"It's fine, just sit down." the man growled, pulling the handle and sealing the door. "No, no, I couldn't possibly, besides, I need to get my card-" He cut her off, standing abruptly. "I said. Sit. Down."



The young woman backed away,hand still clenched around the thing in her bag. "Sir. I need you to let me off the bus now." She hated how her voice wavered, how her legs shook.


The driver reached up, thumbing the button on his radio, watching her calmly. "Yeah, white girl. Not on the list, but the red hair will bring good money. It's only one girl, the others don't have papers, nobody will miss them. Right." 


Her heart skipped nervously in her chest, and she edged toward the door again, only to leap back as he grabbed at her jacket. "Let me go!" she squeaked, drawing the gun free from her purse. She didn't know what it was, only that it was heavy, and large, and very obviously loaded. "Let- or you'll what, shoot me?" he responded incredulously. 


Her arms shook with the weight of it, the gift from her Tíolacadh."Now put it down, and I'll let you-" he started, before lunging towards her. She screamed in fear, tripping backwards, gun flying out of her hand. A horrible noise erupted and the man paused mid lunge. Then he dropped, a faint gurgle escaping him. 

Dimly, she heard the two girls in the back screaming. She registered her hand digging out her phone, dialing 911. She stared at the man, at the massive hole in the back of his head, the dripping grey- stomach heaving, she crawled away from the body, to the back of the bus, where the two girls clung to her, babbling in some other language.


It seemed like forever until the police arrived, taking statements from her and the two girls, they in broken English, she in broken sobs. The driver had refused to let them off the bus; he was obviously a slaver, one cop said in disgust. Another asked how she had gotten his P320 off him. She looked confused until he explained it was the type of gun. None of them seemed to buy that she'd gotten it in a struggle as both she and the two girls claimed.


"What about your IDs?" she heard them ask the other two girls. "Lost mine," "I forgot," and other excuses poured from them. "Officer, I'm sorry, I seem to have grabbed them by mistake." She said numbly, slipping her hand into the bag and pulling out two small wallets. She didn't need to check; she knew they'd have all the girls would need to start a life, because she needed them to start one. She needed them to be ok.

The girls looked at her in awe, one of them whispering a word that may have been *bruja*, but nodded when the cop confirmed they were theirs.

The young lady sat there as the investigation wound down, ready to go to the station... and for the first time, she truly appreciated her Tíolacadh.

