The heart monitor goes off...I sit there watching her tears spill forth freely. I already know what her plan is. I smile softly, knowing that she was going to use this day to spend on repeat for eternity. I shake my head at her. "Don't, please don't waste your time trying to rescue me. We knew this was coming" then she shakes her furiously "I've tried, several hundred different ways to save you. But I can't. I just can't" her head hangs there defeated. Heavy sobs coming forward from her. Then I know what it was that I must do. I hadn't used my day yet, it was my turn to rescue her. 

I tell her that I need to use the phone to make sure it was all set-up for her. She nods going to get a nurse for me. She already knows what's going to happen, when she leaves. I die, well that was her version of reality. This time, however, I was going to save her. She'd failed several hundred times to rescue me. If it was my fate to die today, then I will live the rest of my life rescuing her. I called the agency, told them that I wanted today my day of death to be the last one. I wanted to repeat today, to rescue her. 

They told it was rare, usually, people wanted to repeat their favorite days. They told me that if I was doing this to avoid my timeline ending. They won't let it happen, I shake my head. "No, I just want to rescue her. She keeps trying to rescue me. Please, let me rescue her" the man on the other line nods. "We'll grant it" I nod before death takes me. 

I wake up, my eyes glance around me. "Thank god they allowed me this" with that I begin my mission. It would take quite a while for me to be able to make sure that everything happened perfectly. I walk down to the local store. I buy them out of paper, out of pens, and out of envelopes. Then my mission begins. It was the only way that I knew to save her, I needed to give her something to live for. Something to look forward to. 

"Dear, Samantha."

The people in charge of enforcing the laws watch as I begin my mission. They had seen many people waste their chances. They were just sitting there watching, some of them sit there. Wondering where my letter would honestly begin. So let me tell you my story of how I wrote enough letters to save my wife. To keep her going, to make sure that each day she would be able to find her reason to live. It all began with a single letter, one simple letter. 

"Dear, Samantha, 

This is your husband, I'm speaking to you to let you know that it's beautiful here. You may believe that life is not worth living anymore without me in it. But please, don't waste your life just trying to come to rescue me. Don't you remember when we first met? I was sitting at a cafe table, you were there listening to a book. I laughed at you because I believed that listening to a book was a waste of time. Reading was a better way to enjoy a book. You just told me that I was stupid, no one had the time to read books anymore. 

Instead of just fighting one another, we decided the best way to solve our little dispute was simple. We challenged each other, I had to listen to five books, and you had to read five books. We both chose the same book for each other. We just laughed. The challenge never took place, instead, we spent the rest of the day talking about the books we loved"

This was the first letter, the letter I hoped would be able to keep her alive. To get her to end her loop. Unfortunately for me, my loop was just beginning. People say that saving someone is an easy task. For me, it's the most impossible task I've ever undertaken. I was convincing the woman that I love to abandon me. Giving her a reason to move on with her life. I would spend several hundred months, writing letters to my wife. I was going to die each and every day. Then I would wake up, and begin writing a whole new letter. 

"Dear, Samantha

By the time this letter reaches you, hopefully, you have found another person whom you love. Someone who can make you smile. I know that you love me, but hopefully, you will learn to love another. Your smile is bright enough to light up an entire room. I loved it when you would sing, I miss hearing you sing. Please, live on. 

Let me go, knowing that you would decide to live the rest of your life trying to rescue me breaks my heart. I never wanted you to sacrifice yourself for me. So please, remember to smile. One day you'll look back at today and smile. But today is not a day for smiling. Today is a day for tears, for remembrance. So please Samantha. Let me go, let me be remembered fondly. Pain can't hurt you if you find the strength to move on. 

I love you, Samantha, please remember that"

Then I would die, and the cycle kept repeating until I'd written over ten thousand letters. The people who were in charge of making the rules took me out. They sat beside me and told me it was time. This would be my last time. I would have to make this final letter count. Tears stream down my cheeks. One final letter? Did I have the strength to make sure that she would finally remember herself? I nodded. 

"Dear, Samantha

This is Eric, and this will be my final letter to you. Sitting here I struggle to find the words I need. I've already written you sever a thousand letters for one. One letter for each tear you cried. One letter for each heartbeat that I might miss. One letter for each day that I won't be able to see your smiling face. 

I know what I must do, I know what letter I need to write. I need to let you know just how important you are to me. I need you to know that you made my days feel so much better. I wish that we had one more day, to sit down by a fireplace, and just hold each other. But we both know why they gave us these days. To make right our mistakes. To fix things we believe would fix everything. 

Yet, here we are both trying to rescue each other. You trying to rescue me for you. You need me in your life, but that's not entirely true. I've always needed you in my life. Only now do I realize that. With that realization, I have one more line to write to you. 

I love you."

Teardrops fall down onto the paper. I look over my shoulder at the people in charge. I get up and walk over to them. I hand them my letters, and then I walk back to the hospital bed. "You know what to do with these." I hand them the first letter written to her. "This is the first one you give her, make sure you cancel her loop. She needs to be able to move on." they just stare at me. No one had ever given them any demands. One of them just nods, before they cancel my time loop. 

Over the next few hours, my wife just sits there as my body fades away. Tears fall freely done her cheeks as she realizes that her loop was broken. The first man in charge of delivering my letters arrives. He tells her that he was sorry for her loss, but her husband wanted her to have this letter. She frantically tears the letter away from the man. Her green eyes take in each word. Then she laughs aloud "What an asshole" then she sits by me. She slides her hand in mine giving it one final squeeze. "I love you too, thank you" she presses her lips against the backside of my hand. She turns to face the man. "Was this the only letter?" she asks fearing the answer. The man just shakes his head and walks out of the room.

Several years come and go, Samantha moved on from me. She never remarried, instead, she adopted a little girl. She made a vow to herself that since she had no more loops to make everything perfect. That she would teach children when to use their single loop. She tells them of a man who died for a year straight for the woman he loved. She tells them about a girl who used her repeat to save the man she loved. Instead, the man used his last day on the world to rescue the silly little girl.