Her laugh is so infectious. 
As we walk down the street she giggles and rambles happily about her week, and the silly things our cat did while I was gone, and how she has been trying this new Pokémon Go game but the only Pokémon around seems to be jigglypuff.  Im happy just listening to her and enjoying the views, I wish this day could last forever. We've both been so busy, we took a couple days off to spend time with each other and walk around; do something different.  We eventually went to a movie after a lovely dinner at a new restaurant that has just opened up, then contently flopped into bed and passed out. 
I woke up covered in cold sweat with the blanket off the side of the bed.  Must have been a bad dream, but I dont remember any of it. It's early still, our clock glows 5:37, dimly lighting her face in the dark.  I cant understand the rising panic in my chest, my  body is shaking uncontrollably now, so I get up and grab a drink. I try to fall back to sleep but end up tossing and turning until the sun came up. 
We headed out around 10:00. A comic book store a few blocks away was holding a sale, and I wanted to check it out. I still couldnt shake the uncomfortable feeling, but I never paid it too much mind; just a side effect of a forgotten nightmare. We finished at the shop and grabbed some groceries. On the way home, I fiddled with the ring in my pocket. I new I wanted to pop the question but had been waiting for the right time, and today seemed to be the best candidate.  As we walk, I think about how I'm going to do it; should I do it casual, or get down on one knee like in the movies? Should I do it on the bridge overlooking the lake or wait until we are at home? 
The sharp crack of gunfire shakes me out of my revelry, sending a shock of fear and panic through my system as I look for the source, turning to her in horror and seeing red seeping through her yellow sundress. Everything seems to be in slow motion; she is falling, the groceries are falling from her hands limply, Im falling too, holding her, grabbing her hands, her face, putting pressure on the hole that leaks her life from it. I can hear myself screaming through the pounding in my ears, calling for help, calling for her, but she's gone. She's already gone. Dimly I'm concious of the number in my peripheral vision; 7212. 7212 days. Almost 20 years. 
I woke up covered in cold sweat with the blanket off the side of the bed.  Must have been a bad dream, but I dont remember any of it...
