Three-hundred and forty-two years, 8 months, 16 days, 9 hours, 28 minutes, 13 seconds and counting. That was the amount of time, that, unknown to myself, had passed since this curse befell me. It must have taken some genius to design and  concoct such a plan. Some random schmuck, off the streets of Cleveland, Ohio, was supposed to save the world from something that not even the greatest engineers and scientists could?

I had been passed out when it happened. We had all known that we were dead, and I had decided to spend my last day partying with friends, and telling stories we'd kept secret for oh so long with one another, anger curtailed by the fact it didn't do any good to be angry about something that would no longer exist. 

Having a tad much to drink, I'd stumbled into the restroom, and passed out on the toilet in the bar we'd chosen to congregate at. I awoke, not more than an hour later, or at least, it felt like that much. I washed my hand, and hit the button on the hand dryer. Whoever had designed the thing that did this to me, failed to realize that nothing electrical would work in this frozen state. 

Walking from the restroom, I could see all my friends, frozen in time, looking like much time hadn't passed since i'd left them. Some were busy staring down at their phones, screens frozen in time, bright and shining into their faces in perpetual illumination. Some were drinking, some laughing, and watching the planet that was going to collide with us drawing closer.  

For a few days, I thought I was in a coma, trying to snap myself out of it, trying to realize hidden and repeating messages in a mad attempt at personal revelation. "Oh, five red lights in a row here as well! This must mean something..." I told myself, countless times, for countless reasons. I must have ambled from place to place looking for answers for years before I began taking the note that had appeared on my arm seriously. 

It wasn't easy to break into military facilities, of course, lucky was the few times i'd caught someone in the act of opening a door, but most had to be opened with force without any real power source. All the rocket fuel, explosives, weaponry, and technology in the world didn't matter though if there were no systems to guide it. 

Though I still needed to eat, it didn't appear as though I was aging at all. I should have known when my Hair and beard never grew a millimeter longer, but I wasn't particularly sane for awhile either. fifty years or so into my new world, I'd realized that if I had the time, I could learn all the complex systems, calculations, and miscellaneous things to pilot some machine myself, if given long enough. But again, I could never get anything that was powered beyond the act of me moving it to work. No computers, lights, not even a spark could be turned on or produced. 

One hundred and fifty years in, I decided to see if I could chase a philosophical answer for what I could do. Perhaps this was a test from a deity, or some cosmic joke for someone in which I was the jester? Whatever the case, from reading scripture, to the scribbling of Lunatics, i'd never found my answer.

On this day though, after exhausting my mind on everything, my eyes glanced down at my arm, something i'd stopped doing after the novelty of reading the message had worn off centuries ago. "However long it takes, Save us."

Those words wrung through my body like the most perfect mallet strike against a rubber mat for so long, but today, it was as if I was bell of the finest bronze, I knew what I was meant to do.

There was no way for me to actually save the world, I no longer had any doubts about that. I had known that for a long time, and in those moments of realization, I had contemplated taking my own life. I was never able to do it, no matter how much I knew there was nothing I could do except exist, but, it was this realization, that had lead me to my current one now.

The world around me, frozen in time, and myself, frozen in time, but not in place. I could observe our world for eternity, and so long as I am still here, it will never end. It is, and has been my duty, to live, so that this world does the same, frozen in place, without anything I can do to wake it. 