"Only 5 words, Mr. President. 5 Words, and you can stop it all."

Donald Trump had started September 18th off normally. He posted his daily tweet, he did some paper work, the usual. It all changed when he got on Air Force One for his flight to smooth things over with Russia. They had been in some tension lately, but with the new threat of North Korea, Putin and Trump had decided to meet up to talk about how to deal with North Korea.

"Good evening, Colonel."
"Good evening, Mr. Trump. Good evening, gentlemen." the Colonel addressed the bodyguards beside Donald.

They were off to Moscow in no time, and the flight seemed to be going smoothly.

A voice came on the intercom of the plane.

"Donald, get down. Tell your bodyguards.."

The voice was interrupted by something, and the plane started to go out of control. A few minutes later, the plane gained control again and another voice came on the intercom.

"Tell your bodyguards to throw their weapons down. Kick them out of reach. Now."

"....Men, put them down" Donald responded, defeated.

"Like hell!" One shouted.
The other immediately obeyed, fearing for his and the president's lives.

"You will do so, or I will do so for you, eliminating you in the process.

"I... You can't beat me! I will give my life for his!" The first bodyguard said uncertainly.

"Alright, I'll eliminate you myself. One second..."

'WAIT!" He shouted. "I submit. You win." The man threw a silenced pistol, a knife, and an SMG on the floor, and kicked them about 10 feet away.

"Good. Now, here is my proposition to you, Mr. Trump. I know you have the 5 words. I know what they do."

Donald winced. He knew that whatever was coming, it wasn't going to be good.

"You say them, and I won't drop a nuclear bomb on Russia. If you don't..." The man didn't have to finish. Everyone knew what would happen if Donald Trump refused.

"One life for millions, Donald. It's your choice." The man barked.

"N... Fuck you." The men beside him turned ghost white, knowing what he had just done.

"Alright, I'm going to put the plane on autopilot and come in there. Be ready."

One bodyguard grabbed his SMG. Gas started filling the plane. The only sounds were the coughing of the three men, then total silence.

A few hours later, Donald woke up in a dark, damp building.

"Hello."

Bang.

The bullet missed Trump by millimeters, grazing the side of his head.

"Say it."

"Go to hell."

"Say it."

"No."

"Look. You will die either way. It could be by saving millions of people, or it could be by killing millions of people. Choose before I kill you myself."

There was no way out. Donald Trump finally succumbed.

"Kim Jong-un is the best."

With the 5 words said, Donald trump breathed his last breath and saved millions of people.
