"No one is ever prepared to die. You can steel yourself for the inevitable, and run through endless circumstances in your brain. You can daydream about when, and how, and where, but you can never be truly ready. I wasn't. Now, I'm laying here as a shell of my former self. I can speak, and barely move my head and arms, but that's all I've got. I can feel the infection slowly taking control of me. I can feel the bite from that Zed pulsing with infection and inflammation. I can feel what makes me Human being torn away, and replaced by animalistic instinct.

It's funny, the National Guard rolled in this morning like the coming Kings; proud and strong, as if they'd become messiahs to us. They come bearing gifts of a vaccine, something to stop the infection from spreading. Too late now, well, for me, anyway. It's 5 years too late for millions more. At least I know that my family carries on. That my loved ones have the hope for a bright future. I know that Humanity can rebuild.

To my sister, Samantha: You're kinder and more pure than any in this wasteland. Hold on to who you are. Don't compromise your morals. Stay safe, stay strong, and stay vigilant. I'm sorry that big brother won't be around to protect you. You'll be okay without me, though. You still have Ryan to take care of you. I love you, and I'm ever present in your thoughts. Survive, sis.

To my brother, Ryan: Take care of your sister. You have to be a man, now. The world is a changing place. We have hope because of this vaccine, but the danger is far from eliminated. Be strong, courageous, and safe. You're in charge now, little bro. There's so much more you needed to learn, but I believe in you. I love you, and be strong.

To the person who finds my corpse, please see that this note is delivered to my family in New Eden. I'm not going to be making it back. I tried my best to come home. I'm sorry."

I put the pen and pad down next to me, where it could clearly be seen. This was it. In 12 hours, the fever would burn me out and I would become one of them. No, I won't allow that to happen. I gingerly slide my backpack open, and remove the old, worn revolver. I place it to my temple, and sigh. "This is it." I squeeze the trigger, there's a cold sensation, and everything goes black.

