"Why not?"

The girl with the pink hair and the blue eyes was standing behind ou hero, Tommy the baker. Tommy was...

"Seriously, Tommy? He is the most boring person in this entire village!"

Tommy ignored the girl, who was begging for attention and continued with his daily routine. Little did he know that...

"Ah, fuck it. You know what? I know a way to force you make me the main character."

The girl finally left and Tommy could enjoy this calm morning again. He knew that the girl, Miri, was always some kind of freak and outcast in the village and....

Wait a moment, this house looks so familiar.

"Duh, thats the house of your bitch ex girlfriend and the 3 fucking bastards you call kids."

There is no way Miri could have known that the sage used to have a girlfriend and a family.

"Did you already forget? This is a small fucking village. Everyone knows everybody. And you are not a sage. You are a third class book autor, who "accidently" managed to impregnate his cousin 3 times in a row and now tries to compensate his lack of writing skill by narrating a story."

The girl could really hurt peoples feeling sometimes.

"You don't know what real pain is. You don't know how it is, coming into class every morning while people are spitting and shouting insults at you. You don't know how it feels to be the outcast, an oprhan, deemed worthless by everyone else and treated like dirt."

Miri revealed something not many people know to the sage.

"In any case, your kids have been always the worst bullies of all. And your ignorant ex girlfriend also encourages them to do horrible things to me. Just yesterday they tried to ambush me and drag me into the stable."

The sage did not know how rotten his ex girlfriend and children were.

"You have 2 options now. Either make me a main character and be my companion on a epic journey through this world. Or watch your childrens and wife burn alive. I get satisfaction from both of them."

It seems the sage was wrong. Not the baker was the hero, but the annoying girl with the pink hair. She looked around her and decided that there was nothing that held her back in this place. She grabbed a knife, one of the few things she had. And also a hunting bow and a leather armor? Together with a detailed map of the land surrounding the village?????

"I said your bastard childs TRIED to ambush me. Now let's go."

Miri finally left the village where she spent her entire childhood in. Only a few villagers looked at her when she walked out. Including 3 boys who obviously got a serious trashing by a girl yesterday and were now too scared to look directly at Miri. And so the sage unleashed the "heroine" at the world. 