"Mr. Cain, I need to talk to you?" Said a young boy around the age of 17 to a man sitting at his desk, the school councelor from the looks of things. "What is it?" Said Cain looking up from his papers at the young man. "I've been having these strange dreams. Dreams about another persons life." Cain looked at him with intrigue "who's life?" He asked. "Some man named Alex Whickman sir, in the dream I was robbing a bank" Cain looks at him and says "well of course that was what he was known for around these parts" "here's the thing though sir" he says his face growing more distressed "I never heard of this man in my life before the dream" Cain looks at him dead in the eyes and says "heres the number for an associate of mine a psychiatrist he should be able to help you" The boy simply takes the number and leaves for home for the day

The next day he arrives at the offices of one Dr. Helel. As he walks in to his office he sits down and begins to describe his dreams. Afterwards Dr. Helel begins to tell him his "condition"

"Wha..no your lying to"
"I'm not lying" says doctor Helel cutting off the patient "this world that you call earth is really just Hell" The young man slumps in his chair looking mortified "and those dreams I were having, they were?" "Your previous lives yes. You are the odd case of the dreams being this vivid that you can get actual information out of them. Call me when you have dreams of murder  we might solve a cold case for all we know" he says as he begins to laugh "and who are you exactly?" He asks "me?" Says Dr.Helel "who I am exactly is.." the room begins to be engulfed in darkness and flame as the decour changes to a more roman gothic aesthetic and the young man jumps up in his seat in pure terror " I have many names though some more right then others but you can just call me" fire engulfed Dr.Helel and replacing the 50 year old silver haired lithe man who once stood there was a well built black haired man in a business suit looking to be in his late thirties "Lucifer..." the young man proceeds to faint

Will add more as I have time to write. Sorry if this seems rushed this was more to get an idea out there