"Been up here for about, oh, two years now? Yeah think that's right." The commander of the space station that has been orbiting Jupiter said as he lit a cigarette. "You're one of the new shipments huh? Pretty sights up here, huh?" he said as he took a puff.



"Yes, sir" I said. "Very intriguing."




He noticed me looking at his lit cigarette worryingly. "Don't worry about this little thing, nothin' 'round here is flammable. At least not in this room." He laughed and coughed from the smoke.



"So, what's this about hostile creatures around here? I was sent to help defend or attack if necessary." I said still nervously watching him take a hit from his cigarette.



"Oh, yeah. Vile things they are. Of course you know that Jupiter has no solid mass, so they can't live on there, obviously. But, the surrounding moons are infested with them. Think there's about 60 moons."



"So, are they dangerous?" I asked, now worried about the impending battles.



"I'll say. Them things are smart as hell. They know how to fly spacecraft and are damn good at it. Most of the time that's where you'll see them. Can't land on the  moons until we get a sizable fighting force up here so for now, all we can do is try to gun 'em down with our auto-turrets." He looked out of the porthole next to him and we watched the shiny dots zip around the planetary system. "Hey, come over here and look for yourself. You probably will see a few."



I peered out of the window and watched the specs race around the planetary bodies in great numbers. One started getting closer to us from behind.



"Sir, I think one is coming up to us." 



"Yeah, they do that sometimes. Nothing our Auto defenses can't take care of. Those things may be smart, but we're smarter." He said stifling a chuckle.



Within minutes the unidentified spaceship came within a few hundred feet of us, matching our speed.



"Why aren't the turrets blowing him to bits? He's well withing range of us!" He said putting binoculars up to his face and handing me a set.



I looked through the binoculars and was able to see the pilot of this unfriendly ship in detail. It had what looked like fur covering its body. It had a wolf hybrid looking face and this thing was jacked. It shot a look over at us as if it were staring deep into our souls. It seemed to emanate a devious grin. 



"You seeing this, kid? That's unsettling as hell." The captain said, still looking through his binoculars not shifting his focus away.



"Why is it smiling?" I asked



"I don't know, but I..." The captains words halted.



I quickly looked back to the enemy. It appeared....his middle finger was sticking straight up at us and his, well, underside was pressed against his cockpit towards us.



"Dammit you stupid furry werewolf fucks! I'm gonna kick. Your. Ass!" The captain said slamming his fist down to the beat of his words.



"Sir, D-did you say werewolf?" I was taken aback.



"Did you not just see that? Of course I said werewolf, what else would they be!?" He said still yelling.



"I'm sorry sir, nobody told me what it was we were fighting against. I just assumed it was aliens." I said timidly



"No you dumbass, aliens don't exist! Look at all those moons, what else is gonna find asylum here? Werewolves! It's common knowledge even in the ranks back on earth!"



I was confused and certain this was a big joke or that this guy had been up here for way too long. But, then again I did see what appeared to be a textbook version of a wolf-man, so I guess I'll have to believe him.



"So now they taunt us after attacking us? They are heartless bastards." I said trying to match the captains frustration.



"Attack? What attack? These assholes just taunt us and provoke us! That's why WE are attacking them!"



I was baffled. Attacking another species over taunts and lewd comedy? Doesn't that make us the aggressors? Then again, what humans kill each other for has been a lot less than that, sadly. Well, I guess I had to get used to it,  because the next few months were gonna be hell either way. Might as well have some fun with it.



"There goes another one! That one did the 'suck it' motion! I'm gonna kill these bastards!"




It was pretty funny to watch, but one thing is for certain. Those wolf-men ARE assholes.



