Arthur was rummaging through his cupboard, trying to find his torch. The power had gone out and it was dark and pitch black inside his house. He needed to find the candles as well, but really, at this point he might as well go to bed. He felt around the drawer trying to find it, feeling various knick knacks he’d acquired throughout the years, but no torch. The thought of accidentally finding and touching a spider or some other kind of dead insect came to mind and he felt nervous. He couldn’t believe such a simple task was giving him so much anxiety.

He felt something metal and cold and grabbed it to move it out of the way, but it was stuck. He pulled and tugged a bit and suddenly light filled the room and he felt like he may be blinded. He closed his eyes and dropped the object on the floor. It certainly wasn’t his torch. But it did have light, so he supposed it would do. He felt around on the ground and picked it up again and the light came again, bright and a little warm. He closed his eyes again and waited, not dropping it this time.

He slowly felt himself adjust to the light and saw he was holding a butter knife. Nothing remarkable. It looked nicer than a typical one found in the store, but nothing remarkable about it. 

He used it to navigate around his house and left it next to his nightstand and went to bed. That was enough excitement for one evening. He was probably dreaming already as it was, wasn’t he? There’s no way he found a magical shining butterknife in his cupboard. Right?

He awoke the next morning to knocking on the door. Who would be stopping by so early in the morning?

He opened the door and there was a crowd of reporters. There were microphones shoved in his face and cameras going off left and right. What kind of bizarre dream was he in anyway?

“Mr. Dent, are you ready to lead the country?”

“What will be your foreign policy?”

“Will you find the holy grail?”

“Who is the man behind the myth?”

Arthur stood in his doorway and blinked silently. What was all this racket about? What was all the fuss? He shut his door and went back inside.

----

Ran out of time, I do just 15 minutes, great prompt!