The last ship sailed away into the night, black sky swallowing the vessel in a ocean of stars. I popped a potato chip into my mouth, savoring the salt on my lips as the last of Earth’s problems left the atmosphere.

“You ready?” Kayla asked. She was standing behind me, even taller than usual in heels. 

“Ready.” 

I brushed potato-chip dust off my jeans as I stood. I lingered a brief moment on the edge of that roof contemplating the new world stretched out before us.

I turned to Kayla and grinned.

“Woah, I’ve never seen you do that before,” she said, dark eyebrows arched.

“We’ve done it. We...we can rebuild.” I was seized by a sudden fevered excitement. “It’s all going to be so much better.”

My palms were sweaty and my heart raced. I pushed past Kayla and yanked open the door to our offices down below. Beakers, wires, research had been my world for so long to bring this about. 

I stepped down in front of a green-screen, Kayla standing off to the right with a lit cigarette, Rodger spinning the camera equipment, pointing it at me.

There were people here in this very room who didn’t know. My excitement was climbing and I wanted to shed my skin. I was vibrating with good news.

I smiled as Rodger counted down. We would be broadcasting live to every screen and every radio across the globe, presumably to tell everyone they were most definitely toast. We’d been “keeping morale up” by saying there was research being done to prevent the giant catastrophe that would end Earth, but people hadn’t bought it. The riots were a sad side effect. 

I don’t blame Rodger for eyeing me oddly when he thought I was about to tell everyone they were going to die with a smile on my face.

“Hello, everyone,” I said as soon as we went live. “I have great news. The world is no longer going to end.” Rodger’s jaw dropped open and he angled the camera slightly down in shock. I frowned, jerking impatiently for him to right it. He did, snapping his mouth shut, and I continued, “The last ship has left Earth containing the rich who ran this world behind the scenes, sadly their radio equipment was damaged,” I couldn’t contain my wide smile. Kayla’s cigarette lit cherry-red in the corner of my vision. “They won’t be able to come back, and we have an opportunity, a responsibility to rebuild!”

Rodger let the camera drop again. I was beginning to get angry. I gestured for him to right it, but he was looking at me with an expression of disgust on his face. I recoiled slightly.

“It sounds like you knew the world wasn’t going to end,” he said clearly, his voice carrying over the office, silencing the murmurs that I hadn’t realized had erupted with my announcement. Now it was deadly quiet. 

“Well...” I said, floundering a bit. He seemed mad. In fact a lot of people in the room seemed to be exhibiting feelings other than joy. One girl was crying. “Yes,” I finally answered defensively. Rodger took a step forward that was threatening. I gestured to Kayla. “We both did.”

Now eyes turned to her and it was a relief to have them off me. Slowly she took a drag, dropped her cigarette, and crushed it beneath her toe. 

“I found out today,” she said softly, in a very un-Kayla-like voice. It even cracked a little. “I-I’m sorry. I didn’t say anything...”

“What are you talking about?” I asked her incredulously. “You’ve known from the beginning and...” I looked around at all the horror-stricken faces. “Why are all of you upset? There was serious puppeteering going on behind the political scene. This is our chance to start anew! Those people are gone, but it’s not like I killed them. They’re going to their own habitable planet where-”

“Millions of people are dead!” Rodger yelled over me. I blinked, confused. “You’ve been sitting here in your laboratory doing God knows what, now that we know you weren’t working on a solution, but outside...” he looked sickened. “We didn’t tell the scientists because we wanted you to be focused, to be working,” his voice was now low, dangerous. I shifted my eyes from him to the people around the room. I saw not one sympathetic face there.

“My sister killed herself,” a girl whispered, her voice carrying in the silence. “She didn’t want to face the end of the world, so she killed herself.”

“I tried heroine,” another voice sounded nearby, quietly. “I thought there wasn’t a point...”

“I fucked twenty different people in one night! Allah knows what diseases I’ve got.”

“My grandmother was shot then trampled in a riot.”

The confessions kept coming, washing over me in a horrifying wave. How was this true? How had I not seen it coming? My mom had always said I wasn’t good with people, but was I really this stupid? This clueless? My knees weakened, and I wanted to scream at Rodger, at all of them, but they were right. I collapsed under the weight of their words, their pain. 

“Enough!” came a clear, commanding voice over the swell of confessions. I barely looked up to see it was Kayla who’d spoken. All eyes turned to her, the young woman who’d spoken about her sister looked on with her arms crossed. Rodger glared her down.

That was something else that hadn’t made sense. Why had Kayla lied? Surely if anyone could have seen this coming, it was her. She was the human part of me, the empathetic half of my brain.

“Clearly, there has been a miscarriage of justice here,” she said smoothly. Heads nodded through the crowd. “But that doesn’t mean there needs to be more injustice tomorrow. This man,” she placed a hand on my shoulder, “WILL be punished. But, the rest of the world doesn’t need to fall into ruin because of one man’s mistake. This can’t be the next Eden. We have the opportunity to build a future that we can be proud of. To start again without the behind-doors politics, without bribery and corruption. Don’t let this deception,” she spat out the word and looked down on me like she’d like to spit on me as well, “wreak humanity’s future.” Her eyes carried out into the crowd. 

There was always something about Kayla, something magnetic and seemingly good. I noticed Rodger was looking determined, optimistic. The girl who’d been regarding her cooly, with crosses arms, now buried her face in her friend’s shirt, sobbing. When she looked up though, even she seemed caught by Kayla’s spell.

And so I did watch the new society I’d dreamed of. Seemingly egalitarian, seemingly fair, seemingly good. 

Only I knew the truth. Kayla had planned this. 

She’d sacrificed those first lives for the “greater good.” For power. Her face was plastered on every street on every corner: the Leader of the New World Order. There were of course different factions and political groups that rose against her, but her benevolent dictatorship marched on, a conquering Alexander the Great. 

No one would listen to me, or maybe no one cared. I’d taken everything from them - structure, stability, familiar oppression, even if it was oppression, was still familiar. No one wanted to listen to the man on the other side of prison bars, so no one did.