Staring over my steepled fingers, I tried to understand what my familiar just told me. “So.. it’s sugar?”
He nodded again, eyes still scanning the apparent ingredient list the servants used to craft their ‘blood’.
“Sugar, potato starch, plenty of beat juice, some water that had rusted metal soaking in it to give it smell, and a tad bit of melted collagen to give it that clotted look.” Looking up from the list, still quite baffled himself, an expression of admiration passed over the goat’s face. “It’s actually impressive when you think about it. I mean, getting the correct  ratio alone must have taken dozens of tries and batches. If I remember correctly, we were quite low on sugar about five months ago. I guess this explains why.”
“Five months!” My forehead thudded against my desk with a sound that must have reverberated across the entire manor. The servants have been on edge ever since I discovered Quintin’s femoral artery was in fact an animal vein that lead to a small foot pump underneath my alter, which was being operated by a small child, who I have never seen before either. “How long has this been going on, Methialas?”
Methialas shrugged as best a goat could possibly shrug. “Probably over a year, but their methods have been getting more sophisticated as of late. I swear I saw Barnaby in town about a week ago, although he was wearing a convincing beard and had shaved all that curly hair. He was sacrificed last winter if I’m not mistaken.”
“I’m going to be a laughing stock, the warlocks of the Black Marsh are never going to let it go. Morelia, that pompous witch, is going to cackle to all her noble-born friends and no one is going to pay me levies anymore. I’m ruined, Methialas.”
“Well-“
“Ruined! Methialas! Ruined, I say! No one’s going to be afraid of me summoning a hell wyrm or casting a pox or stealing the soul of a first-born son. No one!”
After allowing a moment of silence for me to collect myself, or attempt to at least, Methialas started again. “I was going to say look at the bright side Corvin, and don’t interrupt this time! I’m serious! You have been showing an impressive increase in power as of late. This may not be a bad thing after all.” 
He was right about that, I’ve been feeling a little more chipper than usual, and I made an irreverent knight’s left eye melt just by sticking my tongue at him. It was actually quite surprising, but my head still had not left the surface of the desk. I couldn’t bear to face my familiar. “Don’t try to spin this, Meth. No demon or other sprite is going to listen to me. Even the servants must be running for the hills as we speak.”
“They’re actually staying put, Corvin. Believe it or not they’re more scared than ever before.”
I came up from the desk at this, propping my head up on a hand. “They have been quite polite, and incredibly skittish. I keep trying to get someone to dust my study but they keep scampering away when I walk to one of them.”
“Exactly! Remember three full moons ago when that pack of werewolves threatened to eat all the sheep-“
“And i said, ‘Any wolf that puts my wool in its mouth gets werewolf syphilis’ and they just laughed and laughed and laughed.”
Methialas’s hooves tipptapped on the stone floor as he laughed, “And then what happened!”
“Every single one of them has been giving me gifts with the loveliest cards apologizing for the sheep.” I had to smile at this, because my familiar was correct, even conjuring pathologies had been almost second nature to me.
“You’re thinking about this all wrong, Corvin. Whatever the servants have done, it’s worked. Even you have to admit that.”
I’m not sure how much time passed, but I sat back and thought long and hard on what has transpired. So what if all that blood had just been disgusting beet juice? So what if I had offered the Dread God a tub full of the stuff? Even He seemingly enjoyed the spectacle. Who cares if that’s what it truly was? A spectacle.
“Methialas.”
“Yes, Master Corvin?”
“Remember when that King said I was an overblown street magician with a tacky mansion?”
“The one that also said I was more of an ugly magic farm animal than a demon incarnate? Of course, why?”
“Tell the servants to get their.. blood ready. His banquet is tomorrow night, and I have been thinking of so many wonderful ways to make him eat those words.”
