I slowly checked over the information on the paper. A hundred high-quality cold-steel weapons, enchanted with extra sharpness and toughness. I looked over the example sword the Blacksmith had left on my desk. It was good stuff, and for a reasonable price, but I hesitated. Most of guild members that would be worth trusting with such valuable weapons had already bought custom-made weapons, most of higher quality. 

"Sir!?" A voice called from the door on the other side of the room, and I looked up from my desk. My secretary was poking his head into my room, like he always did when he needed to ask a question. "A man named Ruminex wants to see you. He says you know him personally."  

"Send him in." I replied, keeping my face blank, even though on the inside a surge of emotions ran through me. It had been a long time, indeed.  

A moment later, a man with a commanding presence walked into the room. His face held onto a bit of youth, but showed much experience, and he had a confidence in his walk that would make the crown prince look like a fool. 

"Ah...Harpving...it has been a while, my old rival." He said, with bitter warmth in his voice. "I knew you had gotten...distracted, but I must say, I was expecting...a little more."

He gestured around my office, which was tastefully decorated and very practical. But the fact that it wasn't full of treasure and artifacts was a fault.  

"Sorry to disappoint you, Ruminex. If you've come here gloat, feel free, but I have work to do." I said, turning my gaze back to the papers on my desk.  

"Have you really fallen so far?" Ruminex said, walked a little closer. His voice curious. "What happened to you? What happened to the Harpving that was ambitious? What happened to the Harpving that was going to have the biggest hoard in the realm?" 

I looked up on him, seeing a strange emotion on his face, as his tone became an accusation. "What happened to the dragon who competed with me for that title every day, bragging whenever your hoard was bigger and sulking whenever my hoard surpassed yours? Where is your pride, Harpving!?" 

I blinked. Though he still held himself like he was better then me, I realized there was an edge to his voice. Perhaps Ruminex actually missed those days?

"I got into a fight with Hyrex and lost. He took most of my hoard. I have lost interest in trying to build up a hoard for so many years when it could be taken any time." I said, bitterly.  

"So you have gone mad. I told you so, that a weakling like you would never have the biggest hoard in the realm. It's good to see you finally understand your place." He gloated. "Stuck in this dung heap, doing menial work like a slave, not a scrap of pride..."

My eyes narrowed. I had gotten careless, and judged his emotions using my experience as a guild master. I should have known that wouldn't work on a dragon. "I haven't given up my pride yet, Ruminex. Nor have I given up on my dream."  

Ruminex let out a loud, mocking laugh. "Then where is your hoard? Is this it?" Ruminex asked sarcastically, pointing at a set of fine glasses, one of the only shiny things in my office. "I can't find it, Harpving. Do you even have one?"  

"I have one, Ruminex, but I doubt you would understand. Why do we even have hoards of gold, Ruminex? Is it not to prove our power?" 

"Of course!" Ruminex affirmed.  

"Well, I have merely decided to hoard power itself." I explained, standing up with a grand motion, gesturing everything around me. It was a great way to raise his eyes to my hands, and away from a switch on the bottom of my desk that I hit.  

"Wait...your hoard is power itself?" Ruminex gave me a confused look. "You mean the guild?" 

"Precisely. Hyrex taught me something, you see. It takes so long to build up a big hoard...unless you just take it from another dragon. And I'm going to do just that to everyone who ever mocked me or my dream." I said.  

Ruminex's next response was interrupted as the door burst open. Ruminex turned around in alarm, but it was too late a one spell prevented him from shifting back into his dragon form, and another slowed his movements. With no hesitation, I picked up the cold-steel sword from my desk and threw it. It spun twice before lodging itself in his back, straight through his heart.  

"Harpving, you..." Ruminex never got another word out, as he began to gasp and collapsed. His form started to shift back into that of a dragon, but one of the mages came over without hesitating, teleported himself and the body away. 

My secretary poked his head back in. "Sir? Are you alright!?" He asked, seemingly terrified that he had unknowingly sent a dragon to see his guild master.  

"I'm fine. Oh yes, can you get that blacksmith who dropped off the sword earlier? Tell him he's got a deal."