After reading the paper again, I couldn't take all the hypocrisy and ignorance in the world. I slammed my fist on the table and grunted, "if only I could run the world for a day" something I've said for years now. I glanced up from an article I wasn't very interested in to see a very irritated man looking at me. 
"Can I help you?" I asked him, hoping he would just go away.
"No, but I can help you. I'm sick of hearing all this crap about how I run the earth. So I'm presenting you with an offer. I'm God. Nice to meet you." The man was obviously insane.
"Sure buddy. And I'm the antichrist."
"We won't get into that just now. But yes I am the God. Now, back to my offer. You run the world for one day and I don't have to hear you complain about it anymore. Agreed?"
"Uh huh, sure. I'm gonna have to ask you to leave."

He snapped his fingers and I looked around me to see a control panel. Rather large but everything was labeled and there was a manual next to the chair. 
"Have at it." He snapped his fingers again, I'm thinking just for show at this point, and vanished. Well then. Guess I've got a world to run. 

The buttons were easy and manipulating the weather in a few American states was fun, but then I guess I started taking it seriously. I broke out the manual and began my search. I familiarized myself with the conditions of free will and divine intervention, and after about two hours I knew what had to be done. I found the button I needed, hidden and rather dusty. Who'd have thought anything a god had would be dusty? Anyway, I found the button and blew off the dust, making sure the label matched the schematic in the manual. I read the manual once more, to be sure, then pressed the button gently. Things began to slowly change. Wars suddenly stopped and I stopped receiving prayers on screen. I zoomed in to be sure it worked. Sure enough, everything was peaceful. I spent the rest of my time watching a documentary on atheism.

God poofed back in (I don't know what to call it he wasn't there and then he was and it was dusty so poof?) and asked how bad I screwed up. I told him I fixed it. He stepped over me and checked the controls. He frantically pulled up graphs and readings of everything going on and seems like he was panicking really. "How the hell did you do this?" He gasped.

"Easy. Hive mind. Right there in the manual. Now every human feels and hears what every other human feels and thinks. All the time." I smirked a little. God couldn't read a manual. He just stood there hunched over the controls with his mouth open. "You mind if I go back now?" I asked. He closed his mouth, stood up straight and just nodded, snapping his fingers again.

Edit: spelling and punctuation.