And Then You Die- Heavily Edited from original post 

“I’m going to die… again?”, Jack said. “I’m not sure I understand.”

Lily looked into his eyes, willing herself to stifle a tear. She wanted so badly to cry, to scream, to curse fate but instead she smiled.

“Yes, but this is going to be the last time. I promise.” Lily said. Jack eyeing her carefully after hearing his wife speak in a familiar but rare tone.

“How many times, Lil?”

Lily started to sniffle.

“How many times!?” Jack’s voice was loud, and the furniture shook like the room was a giant speaker set to eleven. He looked around with his mouth agape.

“Was that me?”

“You’ve died twenty-three times” Lily said, her eyes glossy with tears. “And each time you come back, that-” she waved a hand at the room “gets worse. You’re getting angrier all the time. I’ve just been thinking I could live with it but now I see keeping you here is hurting you…and me. I’m so sorry.”

Jack paced about the room with heavy steps and the television on the entertainment center rattles when he comes near. After a few moments he looks up at the TV and it goes still.

“I’m not happy about this”

“I know. You never are and-”

“But I love you and I always will”. Jack places a hand gently on her cheek. Lily isn’t sure if he feels her, but she knows that it wouldn’t matter to him. She thinks about how lucky she was to know him. To love him.

“So, when does it happen? How are you going to stop me from coming back? Why do I keep coming back? Fuck so many questions.”

“Well it’s my fault you keep coming back. You see, sometimes spirits stick around when they have unfinished business but other times they stick around when people they love can’t let go.” Lily’s voice broke as she said the last few words. Tears and sobbing escape her like water in a pot boiling over.

“Hey, hey, hey Lily, it’s okay…it’s okay… listen” he tilts her chin up. “I’m sure we’re both at fault here. I don’t want to leave you either sweet pea.” He hugs her as if trying to shield her from something. Lily remembers how protective he always was.

“How do I stay dead?” Jack asks.

“My great grandmother’s pendant. It should be able to break your connection to the living world and then... And then you’ll go.” Lily chokes out.

“And then I’ll be waiting for you on the other side. When does it happen?”

“Seven o’ seven. It’s when you died…the first time”

“What happened to me? I don’t remember anything except waking up this morning.”

“You were shot. The police think you were mugged and that you were shot accidentally. It happens all the time, apparently. An hour and a half later you died on an operating table. The doctors assured me they tried everything but because it took over an hour to get you there…”

Jack stood up and looked out the window. His head turned as he watched a child ride by on a bicycle in the middle of a suburban street. Lily saw a cold gust of wind buffeted the rider and scattered brown and orange leaves on the pavement. This was usually how he reacted to hearing about how he died. He goes quiet and then makes some stupid joke about how he should haunt them.

Jack turned towards Lily and his eyes focused on her. ‘Here it comes’, she thought. But he’s looking at her differently now. She could feel him examining her as if he was looking for something written in fine print on her face. Lily opens her mouth to say something, but he walks off before she can and disappears into the office. By the time Lily gets to the door he’s already folded a piece of paper.

“There is something you need to know but not right now. Wait until after I’m gone and then read this,” Jack motions to the white square on the desk.

“Okay”

Most of their remaining time together was spent holding each other. There were moments where they looked deep into each other as if there was nothing else, not for them, and maybe there never really was. After 23 days of watching her husband die it was today that Lily’s gaze never left him, her eyes took in every moment she would have with him. Even though it hurt like hell she made this moment her everything.

Lily and Jack stood in the middle of their living room. Sun filtered in as slanted beams resting on the floor and little dust particles danced in them. Sounds of traffic and children playing in the neighborhood could be heard. An alarm went off on Lily’s phone and then a gunshot echoed through the room with an ethereal tone. Jack cried out as a gout of crimson exploded from his back and then he doubled over vomiting a curtain of blood. His eyes bulged and the veins in his face swelled with the effort to stay standing. Lily grabbed his waist and calmly, gently helped him lay down as he looked up at her with blood shot eyes. She stroked his hair and spoke to him in a soothing voice even though she knew he was already gone and that this was just the recording of his last agony filled moments of life playing out.

“This is the last time. I promise”, she said.

She removed her great grandmother’s pendant from around her neck, an amethyst slab inscribed with runes and faceted with gold, kissed it and placed it on Jack’s chest. He began to shake in her arms, flecks of blood painted her skin with streaks of red. Then the doors and windows started shaking and all the light dimmed in the room as the furniture’s drawers repeatedly opened and slammed shut.

Jack’s head lolled from side to side and between gasps and convulsions he said,” Lily, I’m ssorry, I’m so sorrrry, puhppleease ffforrgive me”.

Unfazed, Lily pressed her hand flat into his chest with the pendant underneath it, closed her eyes and intoned:

“Take Jack from here and usher him into the next world. I am ready to celebrate his life and his death for I am blessed to have known him in both.”

Everything was quiet and still. Lily opened an eye and saw the sunlight with its dancing dust motes and heard life outside.

Jack was gone.

She hugged her legs in front of her, the folded paper in hand, as she cried and in her clenched fist the amethyst pendant glowed and swung in time with her wracking sobs.