I also wanted to contribute one. Let me know what you guys think or where I could improve.

--------------

I lay there in the trunk of what I guess was the same 90's model Buick I saw in the parking lot of the bar. I only got a brief look at it before my consciousness left me altogether and I collapsed onto the shoulder of my new friend, Bucky. I saw him stuffing a rag into his pocket.

"Hey man, you look like you had a bit too much tonight..." Bucky chuckled as he wrapped my arm around his shoulder and began leading my increasingly limp body towards the car.

"Let's get you home!" 

He tossed me in the backseat of the car. The radio came on - Little Green Bag by the George Baker Selection. I liked that song. Then I blacked out. He must've transferred me to trunk at some point.

The road we were on wasn't paved. 

I let out a sigh, thinking to myself how much more cliche this could get. Some lonely cabin in the woods...and chloroform? Really? How very boring. To think, I could've had him - 

My thoughts were cut short after the car came to a sudden stop. The driver door opened and slammed shut as I could hear Bucky approaching the trunk.

Okay, showtime.

Bucky popped open the trunk. I looked up at his blubbery silhouette against the night sky. I could still make out his chunky face, a huge grin plastered on it. The moon reflected off his bald head. 

"How was the ride?" Bucky asked, with blatantly intentional sarcasm.

Judging from the conversations we had at the bar, I knew he was into the freaky shit. So I played along.

"Bucky you dirty dog! I knew you were kinky but THIS is what I'm talking about!"

He stood there, clearly confused for a moment. 

"Uhh.. ya heheh but I promise you, you haven't seen nothin' yet." 

Bucky lifted me out of the trunk as my arms and legs were bound with duct tape (I mean seriously? THREE wrap around, max!). We were indeed out in the middle of nowhere. Some hundred feet away was a single story cabin with a garage. What a shithole; car parts, discarded furniture, piles of kitchen appliances, you name it, strewn all about the property.

"Wow, this is some place you got here, Bucky. I've always wanted a cabin of my own. Do you live here?"

Bucky was becoming winded. I'd imagine it would be rather difficult for his fat ass to carry me even a quarter of the distance to the cabin. Between heaving breaths, Bucky explained that this was just his private getaway. He then stopped to emphasize,

"It's so private, no one else can hear ya out here..." as another cheesy grin spread across his face. Wow he was so overtly ominous, I giggled out loud. What a fucking amateur. 

"What's so funny?" Bucky demanded, now wheezing from the strenuous task of having to haul my bound ass to the cabin. This guy...what a fucking idiot. Why didn't he just park closer? But I saw my opportunity. 

"Its nothing heheh. Wow, I'm sooo ready for this! I bet you have a pretty sweet playroom if you know what I mean?" I winked at him, disgusted on the inside. 

"Hey, why dont't you just let me walk the rest of the way. I'm totally digging this whole scenario but you sound kinda tired and I'm gonna need some of that energy when we play. You could put a leash on me - so I don't get away" I suggested in a flirty manner.

Bucky stopped again. He didn't say anything for a moment. I could tell he was thinking to himself whether or not I would be a willing victim for his sexual fantasy - you know, up until he would reveal he was  going to kill me.
I tried to sweeten the deal.

"Plus, I know you definitely have some sturdy chains laying around somewhere in there. Wouldn't that be more sexy than this duct tape?" 

Take the bait you stupid sick fuck.

"Uhh you know what, that's not a bad idea..."

Bucky layed me down and cut the duct tape around my feet. He seemed somewhat relieved to get my weight off his arms.

"...but I'm keeping your hands bound...my little pet" he said as he placed a collar and leash around my neck.

In we went. The cabin looked straight out of an episode of Hoarders. He was leading me through the cabin and was excited to show me what he called "his dungeon". On the way in, I spotted a clock. It had been almost 40 minutes since we left the bar. Perfect. Any moment now.

Bucky threw open the door to his garage attached to the kitchen. Before he flipped the light switch, he ushered me into the darkness then switched them on.

Just as I imagined. Oversized sex toys, whips, ball gags, various medieval style contraptions and your standard serial killer work bench complete with a bonesaw. 

On the far wall, a row of stuffed heads hung like game trophies. How original.

Bucky stepped inside the garage chuckling to himself. 

"So what do you think? Pretty sweet huh? I think your heads going to look pretty good right next.. next to..tooo those twooo...."

Finally, it kicked in.

I took my right hand, which had easily been freed from the shoddy duct tape binding and pointed towards the end of the row of heads. 

"Naa I think my head would've looked much better next to that one."

Bucky was now struggling to stand up, constantly wobbling until he dropped to his knees.

"Whaaa...? What's happening?" Bucky stuttered.

"Well Bucky, you sick perverted twat." I said as I lifted the leash off my neck. 

"We're not so different, you and I. See, I enjoy the thrill of killing too. However, unlike yourself, I don't find any sexual pleasure with it. Frankly, you disgust me and I'm glad I found you of all people."

Bucky was now beginning to slump over, yet his eyes were wide and focused, peering deep into mine. I could sense his fear. He dropped to the ground, unable to talk, eyes still locked on mine.

"You may have heard of me actually, well at least the name given to me in the papers - does the Cleaver of Seattle ring any bells?"

I swear I saw him piss his pants at this point. I chuckled. Good to know I'm somewhat famous.

"I'll take that as a yes. You see, tonight was supposed to end the other way around. You were to be my victim. I poured a little sedative in your last beer. It takes a little while to kick in but I prefer it to your brutish chloroform method, because I cherish those precious moments waiting for the drug to kick in. Much more elegant in my humble opinion."

Bucky became increasingly sedated but his eyes were still on mine. His terror was undeniable.

"So what do you say we do some role reversal and I get back to my night huh? Hmmm... I didn't bring any of my tools. I'm sure you won't mind if I borrow some of yours. Oh no, you seem a bit tired. Go to sleep, you'll need your energy. When you wake up, I promise we'll get to know each other much better."