"JAN, WHO PUT THIS CACTUS ON MY DESK?!" His phone lit up, "I'm sorry I didn't get that." A heavy sigh signaled his shame that even after eons and eons he still had not attended one single anger management class. "Jan, look baby I'm sorry I yelled at you." Jan did her best to keep Death organized. With an endless amounts of productivity apps, she kept him right on schedule. 

Before smartphones, Death was with numerous calendars. There was Gertrude, Karen, Juliana and Gregoria just to name a few. But his most cherished was a vintage 'Puppies and Kittens' themed calendar named Barbara. Before that he had a short affair with Maya, a astrological calendar made of stone and shaped like a wheel. She was a wild ride, but she kept getting sick. Any farther back and he didn't know what the hell he was doing. In a strange way, looking at this cactus, he felt as lost as he had back then. "I'm sorry, can you say that again?"

He honestly didn't care. "Jan, why is there a cactus on my desk? I mean, look at it!" He pushed her camera into the thorns. "I mean, it would be one thing to have a full sized cactus on my desk. Like maybe a Saguaro or one of those fat ones." He set Jan down next to the cactus and began pantomiming different sizes and shaped of famous cacti he had heard countless souls tell him about.

"I mean, that would be actually impressive. But Jan, look at this thing. It's so small! Like why? Why would a cactus ever need to be this small? Just look at it!" It was indeed a very small baby cactus. The kind of cactus you can but at Home Depot or a nursery. "BUT WHY JAN?! WHAT'S THE POINT OF IT BEING SO ITTY BITTY?!"

At this point he seemed to be forcing any anger he had towards this incredibly cute cactus. Jan sat cold and idle while Death stared at the thorny intruder. He usually wouldn't​ care for such trivialities like a plant, but today was his last day. All he had to do was to lock up and put they keys under the mat and he was done. Mission accomplished. But what was this cactus doing here? There should have been nothing left.

"I mean, I guess it is, in a strange way, maybe just a little cute. But just a little...like a tiny bit." After all he had taken away, this one tiny cactus and its red clay pot felt familiar, as if it had always belonged here. "I mean, look at how itty bitty your little thorns are. It's just so adorable!"

His eyes ogled over every thorn and every curve. He leaned in closer and whispered, "Oh God, I just want to hug you." Jan caught his eye, "...both of you. I want to hug both of you. Definitely both." Nice save dude.

In all of time Death had rarely smiled or displayed any kind of joy. His job was necessary but brutal. "I think I'll take you home with me." With the curtains drawn, the door locked, and the key expertly hidden underneath the mat Death looked at the cactus cradled in his arm. "I think you're going to love it! I know I am, and Jan too!"

He walked and walked, disappearing into the void and beaming with excitement, "I have this huge pot I can put you in, and then when you get bigger there's a perfect spot in the garden!" 