The election wasn't far off, and Paul couldn't have been happier to have it done with. Of the two elections he has covered, this has taken fanaticism into the realm of hysteria. The zealots from across the rainbow of the political spectrum have been taking to their respective soap boxes in droves. Even many of the great scribes have been forgoing their typical objectivity to draw their lines and stake their support. 

Of the leading commentators, King David's fall from objectivity was the one that cut the worst. Despite their political differences, Paul looked at King David as a kind of mentor. Like Paul, David adopted the politics of the God that saved him. However, the two were saved by very different Gods. David's God was the vengeful and wrathful God of the Old Testament whom spread the word of his existence by toppling mighty nonbelievers. David was one of the beneficiaries of this as it was through this campaign that God granted him the power to best the giant Goliath. Whereas Paul's God was the god the New Testament, the God of love and forgiveness who quickly spread across the Roman empire before being usurped by a military coup. For Paul, this was the God that showed mercy to the most egregious of sinners, even himself for his time as Saul; a time he'd rather forget but is now part of his penance.

Historically it was Isaiah that Paul couldn't even respect. Despite his God being the same as David's, he quickly became fascinated by the one referred to as “the Creator”. He felt that God was the victim of being dealt the wrong cards. He was responsible for the universe, the solar system, Earth, and humanity. But just like any great dream, there is always formidable opposition. The human's have recently seen many examples of such in dreamers like Martin Luther King Jr. and Abraham Lincoln (what is recent in Heaven compared to Earth is subjective).

According to Isaiah, Lucifer was the Creator's opposition. Immediately upon the creation of humanity Lucifer plotted their fall. Out of jealousy and a bruised ego, he passed the apple of knowledge to Eve and caused the deconstruction of the garden of paradise. Some claim that he gave the apple to Eve out of love for humanity as it granted them knowledge – but those are the claims of the dictator's scribes.

Regardless, God decided to cast him out of heaven which lead to Lucifer's rebellion. Even though the Creator won, many of his followers felt that having 1/3 of his kingdom rebel against him was a sign of how he became so obsessed with creating that he lost control of Heaven. In the time Paul has known Isaiah, Isaiah had believed that Lucifer was a charismatic figure. The only reason he got 1/3 of Heaven to stand behind him was for that reason. Isaiah likes to claim that Lucifer was so charismatic that if he had not stepped out of line and blatantly disregarded the Creator's command, he could have given him a run for the throne at the next election. One third of Heaven openly backed his rebellion even after his coarse actions, more would have voted for him. The opinion that Isaiah has never been afraid to share is that the Old Testament God wouldn't have fared any different in the same circumstances, that in fact his heavy handedness would have driven more to Lucifer's cause. 

Again, for as long as Paul has been here, King David and Isaiah had been friends. This despite not only their political differences, but also Isaiah's fanaticism versus David's objective observances of God. As mentioned, this election is different than past. David has crossed into the territory of fanaticism and his writing does not hide it. Isaiah's writings have become akin to a street prophet's, declaring fire and brimstone is just around the corner. Although Paul agrees that another cycle of the current God's approach, the laissez faire, hands off, let things take care of their selves approach, would be catastrophic, he hasn't let it affect his objectivity.

As mentioned earlier, his God borrowed a bit from an Eastern God's perspective and took the love and mercy approach. He took power because the God of the Old Testament's constant military campaigns had left the Kingdom of Heaven in much debt. The subjects were tired of yearly spikes of inflation and taxes. In came the God of the New Testament and his promise for peace and prosperity became a rallying cry for those tired of war. His campaign promised that instead of focusing on force, it would focus on tolerance and social freedoms; not matter who you were or what you did in life, your faith would save you. That with less military involvement and a focus on growth over conquest, Heaven would enter a golden era of prosperity.

He sent his only son on a mission that he knew would only end in a painful and agonizing death. But his son complied because he believed so intently on his father's message. He established the papacy on Earth to spread his love and even announced that Peter would be his first Pope, Paul couldn't have thought of an any better choice. To be fair, during his era the kingdom of heaven's growth was second only to that of the military regime that usurped him.

Many of the government officials left over from the Old Testament's regime did not respect this approach. They felt his growth was owed on how heavily he invested in Rome, that once it fell so too would the growth of Heaven. He argued that with peace, mercy, love, and acceptance, even the most barbaric of Germanic tribes would come to accept his teaching. Once Rome fell, the military didn't take a chance.

The military's regime adopted many of the policies of the Old Testament God. However, unlike the Old Testament God, the military regime replaced the Pope with one more akin to their approach and created a whole hierarchy of power on Earth beneath him. Where as the Old Testament God would stop backing horses that forsook his teachings, the military regime kept even their most corrupt in power. They engage in wars against other major religion's whom they had no hope of defeating, though knew they didn't lose to them either. Finally, they savagely went after the human follower's of the Creator and the Old Testament God whom refused to follow them.

As a different election approached, the human's rebelled. After centuries of being repressed by the military regime's human leadership they began ignoring the commands of heaven. The heavy handed approach to Earth had also left the kingdom of Heaven once again in drastic military debt. Again, tired of debt and military campaigns, the kingdom sought a different answer. They tried peace and mercy before, but that lead to a military coup and more of the same. Which is how the current God took power. His ideas on laying off and just letting Earth be Earth promised exactly what the kingdom was looking for; less military involvement, less debt, but still being able to control what was happening in Heaven. This administration promised open trade with the God's of other religions and promised insurmountable prosperity.

However, the current administration has been the only administration to see a consistent decline in growth. Though other administrations had seen declines, they were counter-balanced. For the current administration, the declines grew exponentially every year. What did not help was the human leadership didn't know what approach to take. Some adopted the teachings of the old Testament God, others the New Testament God, and there were those that adopted that of the military regime. They started fighting among themselves and even going to war with one another. 

This brings us into this year's election. On Earth, a less percentage of humans than ever believe in God. Of those that believe, without guidance they fight among themselves over whose and what teachings are the most important. In Heaven, the fight is over the current election. Only a minority believe that keeping on the current, “hands off” approach is the best course of action.

Paul's belief is that now would be the perfect time for an administration that followed the New Testament God's approach, one that believes in love, peace, and mercy. The military has been all but dismantled so the possibility of another coup is near impossible and it was the period of second highest growth for the kingdom. Though he shares his ideas with his friends and those that he knows, he keeps it out of his writing. He takes his job as a scribe seriously. He knows what he writes will shape the view of billions in Heaven. 

But everyday that his old mentor, his old Testament counterpart, breaks his neutrality, Paul questions if he should. They both agree that the current administration's policies of focusing on trade first has left Heaven more prosperous than even. However, David is adamant that Heaven needs another heavy handed God, one that will go to war with the nonbelievers such as Allah's children (even though they are an offshoot kingdom of this one) and one that will make Heaven great again. Without such a God, Heaven will fall, more than likely to an Eastern religion.

Paul wishes to remain objective, but he had seen the apocalypse, his God had shown it to him.

*Edit: paragraphs and to mention I see this as a bit of a failure. I would have liked to have included more about Eastern religions, but unfortunately didn't allot myself enough time (3 hours) to figure out how.*

*First timer*