You spend your whole life trying to figure out who you are, how you want to look, how you relate to other people. All that changed during the Swap. I never thought I'd wake up one morning wearing Army fatigues, deployed to some base in the Middle East. Never thought I'd stumble into a bathroom and see another dude's face looking back in the mirror. Never thought the next time I needed a haircut I'd be asking the barber for a high-n-tight. Never thought I'd have a commanding officer and orders. But I did. That morning I had all of that and more.

They said I was one of the unlucky ones with the position I found myself in. Which was better than being one of the dead ones, since they also said there’d been a million of those in the first minutes. Mainly plane crashes and car accidents. Hundreds of millions more had died by now, probably, what with the starvation and cults and medicine shortages and that nuclear reactor that went FUBAR in France. A body swap in real life. That was certainly one you didn’t hear about in school.

Obviously people woke up in other countries. Most did. But before things really started to go downhill there had been mammoth efforts to reunite people. But logistical problems were still problems. I had gone from my average twenty-three year old college student body to the body of that of an nineteen year old active duty Army enlistee. Never exactly thought I’d be seriously calling myself an Army man one day. I'd never given it much of any thought. All my life I'd been told to work hard and go to college, get my degree, and then work even harder. So that morning was quite the departure from laying around in my college apartment. It was almost like someone had reached back in time and pushed me into a recruitment office instead of the student loan office. 

At least the bodily differences weren’t too much to handle. Quite a few more pounds in muscle than I had had before, if I was being honest, but my height hadn’t changed. A shorn head of barely-there brown stubble had replaced my unkempt mess of blonde hair. Brown eyes instead of blue, now. A shitty tribal tattoo was on my shoulder. I still had the same familiar plumbing hanging between my legs. All of those things had just belonged to some other dude for his entire life and I was on the opposite side of the world on a military base. A walk in the park to get used to, really. 

The remnants of the military couldn't put together a flight to bring us home, and it wasn't like a soldier in a civilian body could just hop a flight out into a warzone no matter what the circumstances. Not that my body's previous owner had messaged, though. He was just another name on the list of billions missing. And once the initial chaos calmed down and the new commanding officers found out I was an American man in an American Army man's body? That was about as close of a non-existent difference there was those days. I never even had another option: “welcome to the Army, son.” 

An unorthodox way to enlist, but that was the world we lived in now. Wasn't like I didn't already fit the part. Especially not after a crash course boot camp. My new unit and I did what we could. I took my orders, I sir-yes,-sir'd, I went on patrol around the surrounding villages. 

Never thought that my life would take such a drastic change in career path. Never thought I'd spend the rest of it in another man's body. But that was what I was dealt.