White walls, flickering flourescent bulbs, monitor beeps, and the sounds of breathing machines: these were things that Rachel Willer had grown accustomed to. 

Eight months ago her husband John was in a motorcycle accident. He was placed in a medical induced coma and, over the past few months, had shown no signs of waking up. According to doctor's and specialists, his condition hadn't necessarily regressed, but he had made no medical progress either. At the doctor's urging, Rachel finally agreed that today was the day; she was "pulling the plug". 

The doctor's left and gave Rachel as much time as she needed with her husband. She sat along side the hospital bed, fingers interlaced in her husband's. She cried as she apologized that this was the way things were going to end. When they got married, she never imagined that "til death do us part" would come so soon. 

In another dimension an elderly man sat at a desk. The room he was in was similar to the hospital room. It was a bright white room with flickering florescents, but, instead of heart monitors and ventilators, there were hourglasses. Bookshelves, tables, and desks, all filled with hourglasses. Some hourglasses were empty, some were full, and some were broken. Some of the hourglasses had just started; while others had merely seconds til the sand ran out. 

The old man sat with his feet propped up on the desk. He had fallen asleep, which was something he didn't get to do too often. He was awoken by a shattering sound. He jumped to his feet and walked to the bookshelf towards the back of the room. On the floor lay an hourglass with H.M engraved on the bottom. Amidst the broken glass, there was red sand; once a symbol of the life of "H.M". "Ah, Mr. Miller," Death said to himself. "I'm surprised you even made it this long." He grabbed his broom and dust pan and began cleaning up the mess. 

Once the glass and sand were cleaned up, Death started walking back to his desk. He was about to sit down when he noticed an odd reflection; as if light was bouncing off of something from beneath the desk. He slowly got down on one knee and reached under the desk. His hand grabbed something long and slender. He pulled the object out from under the desk and, with frail hands, brushed the dust off. It was an hourglass with the initials "J.W" engraved on it. 

Death walked over to the bookshelf with the other W's and placed the hourglass next to one marked "R.W". He flicked the center of the hourglass with a frail finger and watched with anticipation and excitement as the sand started trickling down.

Back in the hospital room, Rachel stood up and gave her husband one more kiss on the forehead as the doctors came into the room. "I love you," she whispered in his hear. At the sound of those three words, John opened his eyes. 