***Citizen's Day: How a Terrible Law Brought a Nation Together (Part 1)***

Leif awoke in a panic, his heart racing. He sat up in bed while his eyes adjusted to the light breaching cracks in the window shades of his one-room apartment. His panic faded away, but he was left with heavy feeling of dread that had been smothering him for over a week now.


"Three days left", he mumbled to himself. There was no helping it now. After months of searching for a way to leave the country just to escape the coming 24-hour period to no avail, he could only resign to despair.


An unexpected knock on the door startled him. He wondered if he should answer it. He was normally socially withdrawn and reluctant to engage in many forms of human interaction. Especially when it came to allowing others to enter his home. This was not a normal time, however. With effort, he got to his feet and stumbled over to the door. Without even trying to see who it was, he turned the handle and pulled the door wide open.


"To be honest, I didn't think you'd answer." It was Vincent, his 28-year-old downstairs neighbor. Vincent grinned nervously, forest-green eyes meeting Leif's own. "I thought it was worth trying... I mean I know you're still here, like me". Vincent's tone sank under the weight of those last words. Vincent was not normally so somber.


"Would you like to come in?" Leif stepped back and gave a slight welcoming gesture with one of his hands. He anxiously broke eye-contact with his neighbor. Fortunately, this was easy to do because, despite their age disparity of only two years, Vincent was almost a foot taller than him. While this might intimidate strangers, Leif's limited contact with the young man had betrayed how gentle he was.


"I... Are you sure?" Vincent paused at the door, apparently unsure if the invitation was genuine. Before Leif could muster the energy to express that he really was giving a genuine invitation, Vincent seemed to make the assessment on his own and he strode into the apartment.


"Aren't you... isn't it a Tuesday?" Leif asked because he had difficulty tracking time. He only knew the day of the month because of what was coming.


"Yes it is. Oh! You mean why am I here instead of at work? The company where I work closes its doors a week before Citizen's Day. Most businesses do, actually..." Leif's confusion turned to embarrassment and shame. He hadn't been employed in three years. It was one of the reasons he couldn't afford to escape Citizen's Day this year. Living a single day in safety wasn't worth spending what was left of his savings.


"I'm sorry... I was just-"


"No explanation needed. I know we havn't really talked much since we've lived here, but I'm confident I know you well enough to be concerned you think I look down on you for any reason.


"Thank you." Leif didn't know what else to say. Still, the conversation didn't have the impact it normally would.


"I think I can also make a guess at why you invited me in."


"Really?" Leif didn't know what Vincent would say next. He couldn't have let on that he found Vincent attractive. When had there been time for that?


"Its the topic everyone is focused on, even if they don't admit it. Why everyone is acting strange but at the same time normal. There is a kind of dark irony to these past six years. 


"I can't argue with you there..."	


"You are normally introverted, socially anxious. However, there is something about overwhelming terror that is strangely liberating. You don't have to say anything, I'm not complaining. I'm just happy to have company, even for the moment".


Leif took in Vincent's words for a moment. He really did feel more unencumbered, free of his usual worries. It was certainly a better way of looking at the predicament.


"I'll leave if you want, though. I really don't want to intrude."


"No!" Leif blurted it out before he could hold back. He was desperate for company too, despite having only recently realized just how pronounced this feeling was. Unburdened or not, he regretted the outburst. But Vincent just chuckled at the unexpected response.


"I'm glad. I've been wanting to get to know you a little more for some time now, but I never thought it would take such an extreme situation to make any headway".


"I didn't know you felt that way... I'm sorry if I've been unwelcoming or anything". Leif's mind began to race. His awareness of impending danger was temporarily forced back by a torrent of emotion and thoughts too numerous to process.


"You can relax", Vincent said in a comforting tone. If you'll allow it, though, I'd like to make my case for why I'd be a good guy to have around in these difficult days."


"Your 'case'?" Leif was seriously confused by this point. Confused, but also curious.


"You can also think of it as a sort of business arrangement, it it helps". This explanation made Leif even more confused.


"What do you get out of this arrangement?"


"I'm going to make a leap and guess that you fairly overwhelmed by our predicament. First time being stuck here on Citizen's Day in a while, right?"


"Yeah, three years", Leif admitted.


"Well I've been here every Citizen's day for the past six years. Ever since the law was enacted. I'm what I would call an expert. If I keep you physically safe and emotionally protected, you are obligated to be my friend for a minimum of three months. And by that, I mean you have to speak to me for a least an hour, a minimum of four days each week. I'm coming up with most of this stuff on the spot, but are you willing to hear more?


"I... I guess so..." Leif mumbled, hopelessly confused by this point.


"I'll begin by going over our apartment lease that we both signed and use that to transition into federal housing law in general. I promise, I'll keep it from being boring. Just bear with me".



**This is my first response on this subreddit and I didn't actually plan on it going this way. I have a lot of notes on other parts of the short story, if anyone is interesting in reading more. I'd really just appreciate any comments in general. Thanks!**