Oh, boy. Another Saturday evening drinking ram's blood and doing Gregorian chants with the folks. They say you can take the boy out of the Pagan moon-worshiping cult, but you can't take the Pagan moon-worshiping cult out of the boy, or out of Clearwater County, Idaho, despite the best attempts of one State Marshall Susan Hernandez and her loyal hound dog Boone. So here I am, dancing around in sheepskin with my parents and their friends, hollering insults at the Sun, the devil-star that, in its gaudy brightness, thinks it can upstage His Lunar Majesty.

"Hey, fuck you, you goddamn showoff!" my dad shouts, shaking his fist at the rotten stellar bastard.

"You think you're better than us? Just because you can do nuclear fusion and we can't? Well you aren't!" shouts my Aunt Vivienne, throwing an empty can of Diet Rite in its general direction.

"Yeah, I can do nuclear fusion right now! Just watch me!" says my dad's friend Gary. Gary puffs up like some kind of goddamn pufferfish, trying to replicate the conditions of extreme heat and pressure that are necessary for nuclear fusion. He can't, obviously, so instead he takes a swig of rum and falls over on his dumb face.

Eventually, of course, the Sun sets and the Moon, in all its nightly glory, rises. For a second, the setting Sun and the rising Moon are both visible in the sky. That's when shit gets weird.

"Hey, those assholes down there are talking shit about me again," the Sun says to the Moon. When the Sun talks, a big cartoony mouth opens up, like Garfield the Cat when he's eating, except it takes eight minutes for light from the Sun to reach Earth, so we don't see that yet.

"Oh, Christ," says the Moon. "Is it that stupid cult again? It thinks you're evil and I'm God. It doesn't understand that we're both just people."

"Yeah," said the Sun. "I volunteer at animal shelters on the weekend. I'm not all bad."

"And I killed Neil Armstrong with that moon virus that took forty years to incubate. I can be a real stinker."

"Hey, you want to fuck with them?"

"Do I!"

The next roughly thirty-one hours of my memory are missing. When I woke up on September 22, I was on å røcky cliff in Finland, and I had no idea how I'd gotten there. I looked at my reflection in a pool of water. Someone had drawn the phrase, "SUN RULES" with Sharpie marker on my left cheek. There were several empty Moon-Pie wrappers around me. I was totally naked and one of my buttcheeks was missing.

When I got back to civilization, I found out that everyone had a similar story. No one knew what had happened the previous day. Most had some kind of sun- or moon-graffiti on their body. Some had woken up surrounded by Moon-Pie wrappers, others by empty bottles of Sunny-D. Everybody was missing one of their buttcheeks. No one remembered anything, but the consensus was clear: the twin bastards in the sky had played a mean joke.

When I got back to Idaho, the pagan cult didn't feel much like worshiping the Moon anymore. Instead, we worshiped a rock we found for a little while, and then a goat that looked kind of like Charlie Chaplin, and finally this guy Chris who works at Best Buy. Eventually we gave up and became athiests, learned to code and moved to Palo Alto. What happened on September 21, 2018 will always haunt me. But what haunts me even more, is ghosts.