"Yo! the fuck happened to him?"

Carlos come up to joey and responds

"Haven't you heard? God is dead"

Carlos laughed and said

"What, haven't you ever heard of the saying?"

"Well yeah, but I thought that, you know, it was figurative or something. Hell, I didn't even believe in him"

At the mention of hell thunder is heard

Carlos takes a look of concern on his face

"Don't mention the under heaven here, it's bad luck"

Normally joey would laugh at the superstitious comment, but damn it, gods dead body is laying in front of him in heaven.

"Who said it"

Carlos, who is slowly inching away says

"Said what? God is dead? I don't know man, Heisenberg? "

That doesn't sound right to joey and he says so

Carlos inches away slowly, still talking. The riots in the streets in heaven are still raging on.

"Uh maybe it was jesus, you know. He died all the way back then"

Joey notices Carlos inching away and says

"Yo, where you going? Should I riot also? Kill a few dead people? What do I do now?"

Carlos, who is a few feet away and has turned into a pale version of himself,  gives a light hearted laugh, out of place with his actions and and look. He suddenly turns around and sprints away.

Joey, confused, says

"What the hell"

Just as the last word is pronounced lightning hits him. Shocked he cannot yell in pain, but he doesn't die, just lies there for a couple of hours recovering. Smelling of piss and shit at the same time. The shit and piss didn't come out of their respective holes.

After joey recovers he notices giant lakes in the skies. He walks, confused, until he eventually gets to a giant mist field, or is it a cloud? flowing downstream into a gargantuan cloud lake. Everything is getting more and more lopsided and fucked up

It was hard to handle, but what was even harder was when the colors were inversed. That was hard. Took joey several months to get used to all these changes. 

Then the weird shit started happening, and it's not even weird in heavens standards, just for a human with a bit of civility.

People simple killing each other in gruesome ways as greetings. Well "killing'. It takes a few hours to heal, but it's still quite fucked up to see people slit each other's throats, or gouging each other's eyes out to say hi. The worst, in joey opinion, was the intestine greeting. Gut someone and wear their intestines.

The intestines are basically the people. They grow back from the intestines. Leaving a corpse back where the intestines were. It talks and shit, but not much else. 

Once joey was an intestine for an entire month. Crazy shit.

After all this joey was unfazed by anything. Just minor reactions here and there

One evening he gets up and goes outside to be greeted by a huge spire made of human spines. Joey frowns and says

"Fucking hell"

He was about to go on his evening walk, but a giant horned goat man seemingly drops on top of him from nowhere.

"Jesus fucking Christ joey" says the horned goat man "I thought you learnt your leason. But noooo, now I gotta take another of you assholes down into hell with me."

Joey, confused, already believing he was in hell just says that. He thought he was in hell

"What no you aren't joey, this is heaven, god is dead, like... Fuck what's his name?  The man who first said that?"

Joey shrugs

"Robert Daniels!" The devil seems convinced of this. "It's controlled by all you sick fucks now. I told god this I what would happen" he sighs"Oh well, come with me now." He guts joey and wears him in intestine form. "I'll show you amateurs how fucked up things can really get."