A sudden smile spread across my face as I handed the cashier a ten dollar bill. I had just saved five billion people because I ordered italian bread. I was pretty much the greatest hero alive. Just last week I had read about good ol' Sups saving a bus. How many people was that twenty, no maybe thirty, but God Fucking Damn! Superman didn't even come close to my level of heroism. And I was honest with myself, I wanted all the attention Sups got. I save five billion people and who congratulates me no one, but Superman can save some random dude and the whole freakin' city proclaims he's a God Damn angel sent from Jesus Christ himself. Christ! I want to be famous. 
"Umm.. Excuse me sir did you want your change?" The cashier was staring at me with an odd look and holding out a few dollars and some unknown incomprehensible amount of change. I never was good with numbers. How much change did that make there? Lets see a nickel, a couple dimes... "Ok, well sir, I'm just gonna go ahead and put your money in the bag with your sandwhich. And you have a good day, ok?" Her southern accent grated against my ears interupting my calculations. "Uhhh! Yes! Yes! Of course thats ok" I shouted at her. "Excuse a me" her italian accent so thick I could hardly understand her. "Monsieur you cannot just yell at woman like that" her french accent was foreign to me and I could hardly understand the garbled words. "Comprehend, senõr!" Her spanish sent me into a spiral of confusion. "No, No, No! I tell you what why don't you speak english and then we can talk." I gave her a wry smile. Just then a small voice in my head whispered one billion people. "For Fuck's SAKE!" I exclaimed. I was on a roll today. "I truly am the hero this city- NO! - this. World needs". The cashier grinned widely and picked up the phone. The white cord stretching. " Why yes you are honey." Her southern accent rining sweetly in my ears this time. "Oh, OH why thank you. I am so truly glad that some one understands!" She smiled and spoke quietly into the phone. " Good day to you!" I shouted as loud as I could. She was quite daft I realized or was it deaf. Deft? Shit. I don't know. I walked away. The small voice hummed quietly at the edge of my consciousness. I felt giddy how many this time? Se...ve..n trillion... A soft whisper. Oh my GOD! I had just saved more people than there were on the while God Damn planet which meant I had saved people from other planets. I wasnt the hero this world needed, I was a god. No, I was the god! I pushed open the door as my chariots arrived. Glorious red and blue lights flashing ontop of the roaring beasts. A man stepped out to escort me to my awesome ride clasping safety cuffs onto my wrist. I shook with excitement! I was going to finally see my heavenly kingdom. Today was a good day indeed!