I can feel the memories, and its completely different. It's not despair, but it tastes like it. It tastes... melancholy? No. That's more bitter. This is sweet, but.. there's something about it...

*They're jogging through a park at dawn. She's wearing a green tank top. That's important somehow. Is it his? He feels... something. It starts with a "P". Pessimism? No, that's something else. Pensiveness? No. Pride? I thought that was something bad, something that was always dangerous. Something you lost. But this pride brings strength. So warm...*

Another one... This one even more powerful... So strong it hurts, but it's a delicious pain. Addicting, and I want more. I think I begin to understand why he wanted to be rid of these... What is this feeling called?! Maybe his memories of this emotion will bring me the answer.

*Sunset. There's a beach. Wine and snacks. A blanket, rolling waves. And she meets him. She lays down beside him, her head on his shoulder. He is brushing her hair behind her ear. She's got something to say. I can't hear her voice, but I hear the words, sounding like sunshine reflecting off the ocean spray. 
"I've never been more happy..."*

I can't take it. This feeling. I need more, I doubt I'll ever be filled. I need this, thing. This... love.

I race up to find the young man, shoving aside crowds. I recognize all the emotions I see: irritation, frustration, anger. I've had all of those before. But none of those can quench this love thing. 

And there he is. His head is higher than it was, but somehow empty. I can't understand it... How can he be happier without these emotions?

"Why?" I ask him. "Why would you ever give this up?"

He grimaces at me, and explains. "Have you ever heard that it's better to have loved and lost than never loved at all? It's not true... You think you know joy? You've never felt more joy than spending a perfect day with the perfect person. But true pain isn't about what happens. It's about what's taken away."

"She was pregnant. He would have been one year old today. I don't blame him, or the doctors who tried everything they could. I don't blame the gods, or my fate, or even myself. I don't blame anyone. But now they're both gone, and the pain of what I've lost hurts more than the pain of what happened. I can't bear it anymore. My friends told me that you take emotions: sadness, fear, regret. So I hoped you would take my pain for me too..."