         Everybody is assigned their words at birth. Our parents hold onto them for us. And the government keeps a record of it just in case.
         We knew exchanged our words after our first date.  It just came up in conversation, a simple "what are your words?". We wrote them on the napkins at her favorite Italian restaurant. Her words, "Goodbye, for the last time" she always laughed about how cliche it was. 
       As our relationship blossomed I always appreciated the little parts of her, The way she laughed about her hardships, he absolute disgust at the idea of being a "normal" person. She was the love of my life.
       The night was warm, it was our date night and we were going to her favorite Italian joint. We had a seat by the window and everything was perfect. "It had better be perfect" I thought as I felt for the ring in my pocket. We browsed the menu for a while, 

"What are you getting on the fine evening" she asked jokingly.

"I'm not sure, probably a fine wine and a the lobster ravioli" 

"Come on Jimmy, we are college students, you can't afford that"

"Why not, I love spending evenings with somebody I love. Besides I want everything to be perfect for you"
I said realizing my mistake almost immediately.

"Something special happening tonight?" She said with a knowing and loving grin.

       She always caught on too quickly. 

"I guess there isn't any hiding it now."

I moved to get out of the chair when a waiter came to the table.

"Good evening, our specials tonight are chicken lasagna, and gnocchi cream soup. Can I get you started with one of our imported wines?"

I was about to order a nice but not bank breaking bottle of wine when she said "no we will just be having water tonight, we are on a budget." Her wink kept me from getting upset. 

I smiled at her ready to get on with the night when suddenly the peaceful hum of the restaurant was interrupted by a scream. I looked at our waiter seeing terror on his face whilst looking out the window. Them the glass shattered and I felt my body break. Tires rolled over first my legs then my chest crushing my ribs into my lungs. The ring flew out of my pocket and then it was over. I peered around moving as little as possible to try to preserve my body. Then I saw her crawling over to me. 

"Jimmy, Jimmy are you okay?"

"Jimmy please talk to me"

My mouth gaped as I tried to make words but what came out were squeaks and gasps as blood gurgled in the back of my throat.

"Jimmy, It's going to be okay, I love you Jimmy please stay with me."

The city lights now pouring in through the broken window seemed to be blinding as the pain grew greater and greater.

My hand scrabbled on the floor feeling for the ring. I grabbed. As the pain grew I placed the ring in the palm of her hand.

"I..." I managed to choke out.

"Wait Jimmy, please dont"

"I love you" I said, a tear rolling down my cheek. As the words left my mouth death appeared next to me. I looked at death's mournful face as they grabbed my hand. I could feel a warmth begin to spread from my hand as I closed my eyes ready to leave behind the girl I loved I heard 5 words.

"Goodbye, for the last time"