All around me were the ruins of what once must have been a great city, now deserted, and devoid of any life - human or otherwise. Snowflakes kept falling from the ever-grey sky, covering the broken buildings and streets with a thin, white dusting. I shivered.

In the distance someone was playing the harmonica, a sad and sorrowful tune. Walking towards the sound, I came to a building - less ruined than the others I had passed - and I noticed a faint light shining through its boarded-up windows and from under its simple, wooden front door. I knocked, then entered, trying not drag too much snow inside with my boots.

The room beyond the door might once have been called cozy - bookshelves on one wall, a fire in an open fireplace on the other, a desk and some cushy chairs - but now it all looked old and worn. The harmonica's melody stopped when I entered, and the player - sitting on one of the chairs - turned his head towards me.

"Ah, there you are. I was wondering when you'd show up. Please, close the door - it's rather chilly, no? - and take a seat." he spoke and motioned to the chairs.

Slightly confused I did as he asked, then sat down in one of the chairs opposite his. "Who are you?" I asked "You have been waiting for me? And what is all this? Now that I think about it, I can't even recall how I got here in the first place."

The man smiled a sad smile. "To answer your questions: This is Hell. Quite litterally. And I am Satan. The Devil. Lucifer. I think you get it. As to how you got here: Simple, you died, was measured and found lacking, and so you ended up here."

"I died and went to Hell?" I asked incredulousy "This is Hell? Aren't there supposed to be lakes of lava or something? And I thought Satan looked different, ya know, more demonic, horns, goat feet, and so on." - I gestured at the tired looking man in his worn-out suit - "You - no offense - look rather ordinary. Also you didn't answer me why I can't remember anything."

The man who claimed to be Satan sighed. "I had a looooong chat with the folks who first brought up that 'Fire and Brimstone' nonsense. Really considered going the extra mile for them, just so they could have a first-hand comparison of both experiences. And do you really want me to be horrible and scary? It's been a while - honestly I like this body better, hard to play the harmonica with claws and all - but if you insist..."

For a moment I thought I saw something flicker in his eyes. I decided to err on the side of caution. "No. No need to bother. You are fine just as you are, I was just curious." The flicker disappeared.

"Regarding your memory," the man continued "that is a side effect of being in Hell; you forget things - keeps the experience fresh, ya know. Though the memories of your life should come back once you leave."

"Wait a minute," I interrupted him "'Once I leave'? I thought being in Hell meant that you were there for all eternity, for forever. So how is it possible for me to leave - not that I mind tough, looking outside I can imagine better places to be."

"To be honest" he replied with a tired look "that is exactly the thing. 'Eternity'. 'Forever'. There have not been any new arrivals for quintillions of years, and now finally 'Everything' is over. Time and Space are over. 'Forever' is over. You have served your time, so to say."

Once more he sighed "And it would be hardly fair to release you to Heaven with memories 'eternal suffering' - now don't look at me like this, it might not have been fire and brimstone, but I made sure you paid your dues and it was not pleasant. Anyway, so you forgot, and when you leave you will remember your life, good and bad, and you will remember that you paid for your sins - though not the details - so you can enjoy Heaven."

I didn't know what to say, and just nodded dumbly.

"So, go on," he gestured to a second door in the room - one that I could have sworn had not been there when I first entered - "go on to Heaven. I made sure you earned it - you can take my word."

Getting to my feet I took a few hesitant steps toward the second door as I heard him resume playing that sad melody on his harmonica. "What about you?" I asked.

He lifted the instrument from his lips and gave me a small, geniune smile. "Very kind of you to ask. But don't worry about me. As I said, I'm closing shop. This here is my penance, there might still be a few souls left, but when the last straggler has gone, I will turn out the lights and too leave through that door. Until then I pass the time with my harmonica."

I nodded, and with the sound of his harmonica in my ears, stepped through the door to Heaven.