The breeze through the bedroom window felt cool on my face. I had obviously woken up. I opened my eyes and let them linger on the ceilingModule - Wednesday. It was a balmy 72 degrees outside, slight wind, low humidity. News of the potential merger between the massive MODCorp and Triste streamed on the left half of the screen. It was 5:52 AM.

Julia was still asleep beside me, her dark brown hair flowed so softly over the curves of her face. My stomach fluttered and a smile spread over my face. I rolled over, sat up, and let my legs dangle over the edge of the bed.

I disabled my 6:00 AM alarm, and stood up to stretch. I ambled into the bathroom and began my morning routine; shower, dentalModule, clothes, downstairs for breakfast.

I walked into the kitchen, turned on the news, and chose the morning meal. As I sat down to start reading, something caught my attention. My day_countModule read 7212.

*7212...there must be something wrong.*

I plugged into the troubleshootModule in the living room and started scrolling through the various known issues and frequently asked questions. My problem was pretty scarce on the module, but I found a few related issues. 

*I'll just restart my MindTech.*

The minimal GUI projected on my retinas flashed and then disappeared. About 15 seconds later, the GUI had rebooted. I checked the day_countModule in the right periphery of my vision. It still read 7212. I had restarted this day 7212 times.

*The most I've ever done was three, how is this possible? I've relived this day consistently for almost twenty years?*

I felt a bit frantic. I had never relived more than three times, and I hadn't done it in years. It was 7:15 now, I had to get Julia up so we could get to the hospital on time. We started seeing patients in the clinic at 8:00 AM Monday through Thursday, then we were in the OR on Fridays. 

I walked upstairs and Julia was already dressed and ready to go.

*Should I tell her? No, she's been so stressed recently. I'll talk to IT when I go in today.*

"Morning, Jules," I said with a smile. Even with the least effort in the morning, she was absolutely stunning.

"Thank you for letting me sleep in a bit this morning - I needed that. We'll make up for the missed workout tomorrow morning." She was stretching.

We got into the car – I never understood that particular renaming, autoModule? Really? Anyway... – we got into the car and headed onto the highway toward the hospital.

I looked over at Jules in the passenger seat. She looked back and smiled.

"What?" she asked.

I just smiled and looked forward again. Out of the corner of my eye I watched her shake her head and look back out the window.  She was overlaid by the 7212. My throat tightened up, I had a strange sense that I remembered this moment.

There was a sudden massive force on the left side of the car. So quickly we broke through the barrier on the edge of the highway and entered free fall.

The last thing I remember was looking at Julia as we rapidly neared the ground. When I woke up in the hospital, Jack – sorry, Dr. Fuller – reminded me what had happened. We had been in a car crash and had been sent over the edge of the highway. We had fallen a few stories. 

"Jules?" my sides hurt to talk. 

His face fell. I knew. He told me to use the assistModule remote if I needed anything and left me in the room.

A sudden moment of clarity through the fuzz of the anestheticModule swept over me.

*The 7212.*

--

The MODCorp investigator broke the moment of silence.

"So Dr. Thatcher, I can't necessarily force you to stop reliving, it's your right. But, as I'm sure you're aware, I highly recommend staying present. Research has shown it's tremendously psychologically taxing to relive for such an extended period of time. Your account of the day is still at 100% clarity, so your mental state is likely not deteriorating too seriously. We're technically allowed to reset your MindTech again if you're positive you want us to again."

He paused.

"We all miss Jules, James. We all understand why you're doing what you're doing," the investigator said.

I sat silently, this was my third time being questioned about it. I looked up from the table, thanked the investigator for understanding, and, for the third time, told him I wanted the reset.

He nodded, gathered his things, touched my shoulder, and left me. After a few minutes, I looked over at my peripheral, the day_countModule read '0'. I had been present for a few days for the investigation.

I took a deep breath, and initiated the reliveModule.

The breeze through the bedroom window felt cool on my face. I had obviously woken up. I opened my eyes and let them linger on the ceilingModule - Wednesday. It was a balmy 72 degrees outside, slight wind, low humidity. News of the potential merger between the massive MODCorp and Triste streamed on the left half of the screen. It was 5:52 AM.

Julia was still asleep beside me, her dark brown hair flowed so softly over the curves of her face. My stomach fluttered and a smile spread over my face.

> day_countModule: 1
