"Marcus," Death sighed. His eternal voice seemed tired, and he held a bony hand to his skull, which was hidden in the darkness of the hood of his cloak. 

"Listen, Deathy, can I call you Deathy?" Death screamed that I couldn't, but I ignored it. "Okay, Deathy, we've been at this game for years. You would show up to kill someone, I would hunt you down, we would play the world's most sadistic game of cat and mouse." 

Death groaned. He sat on the floor where he was, trapped in a magical circle that was even now eroding away. Nothing of any kind escapes death, even magical trapping equipment made especially for him. 

"But, you see," I continued. "There is no reason that I should be the cat. You are DEATH. The ultimate predator! If you just off me now, we could end this game and go about our days." 

Death looked up from where he was nursing his head. Had I given Death a headache? I'd be proud if I weren't so tired. 

"No, Marcus," Death said. His voice was ethereal, and if I were a normal human then simply hearing it would sap the years off the end of my life. Since Death had no interest in reaping my soul, however, there was no end to my life for me to lose. "Your soul is remaining where it is." 

I grunted. I wanted to suck my teeth, maybe even throw a fit, but any sign of agitation would fuel his undying sadism. 

"You can't be having fun with this. I have chased you for millennia. Countless have suffered pointlessly for no other reason than your pettiness." 

Death shrugged. "And countless more will continue to suffer. Humans suffer all the time. A couple extra minutes mean nothing." 

I grunted once more, and bent down to attempt to look him in his eyeless sockets. My voice hitched, and I almost cursed at the slight loss of my temper. "But it hasn't been a couple of minutes, Deathy. It's been centuries of combined time. I have been trapping you since you've cursed me back in Rome. All that time adds up. This can't be good for you." 

Death chuckled, and boy was that sound creepy. He ran a finger along the intricate lines carved into the floor, and the concrete of the hospital cracked. 

"First off, I haven't cursed you, Marcus. I simply have been refusing to reap you. It is not a hex to be lifted, though I am sure that you already know that." 

I bit my bottom lip as I tried to keep from cursing. Many years ago I had indeed tried to remove an immortality hex that I apparently did not have. A Mexican gypsy had attempted to help me. He died in the process. Death's face when he showed up to reap the poor gypsy's soul was... 

... well, it was dead, but I felt his mirth. 

"Second off," Death continued, "I am self employed, with only God Himself to define what I do. He hasn't rebuked me yet, so you will remain unmolested." 

I felt my brow furrow, and instantly Death's evil, sadistic glee was floating around the abandoned hospital room we were in. 

"I have chased you through disease ridden towns." 

"As well as war torn battlefields," Death added. 

"I have hunted you through the worst of human atrocities." 

"The United States has such wonderful torture cells in Guantanamo, don't they?" Death supplied. 

"I have ripped you from the bodies of the young and innocent, tortured endlessly until the premature end of their days, all for the chance to force you to undo this grudge." 

"You HAVE been persistent." 

"And you refuse, even now, to let me rest?" 

Death hummed, and once more he brought his hand to his face under his cloak. He stroked his bony chin, and I could feel the sadistic comment before he even started talking. 

"Your mistake, I think, is that you believe that you can force me to do anything. I am Death. I am the one thing that cannot be outrun, and cannot be undone. I come for all, from the beginning of Creation to its end. Eventually all of existence will fall before me, and I will stand alone at the end of everything, before finally bringing an end to myself. There is nothing, bar God, that can force me into anything. You are not God, and thus cannot do such." 

Death then stood. The magic circle I had carved into the floor was gone, the concrete broken from Death's continued presence. The charms of skulls I had hung around the room had faded to dust, which had then evaporated into thin air. 

"I cannot be reasoned with. I cannot be persuaded. You have done the ultimate wrong to me, and as such you will pay for it. You will follow me until the end of time, until the end of existence." Death then turned. His last words before he vanished sent chills down my spine. 

"Pray that when that time comes, that I end your existence before I end my own. Goodbye, Marcus." 

And just like that Death evaporated into pure darkness. I fell to my knees, my agitation bringing tears to my eyes. 

All of this because I had accidentally stepped on his robe, and there were no washing machines on Earth powerful enough to clean the dirt off. 