I think its been 5 years since Shutdown Day. Can’t be sure.

The countdown to The Rising malfunctioned after 3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 5 minutes. It wasnt the only malfunction.

As the gas took affect on the others from my hometown -all of us bundled into our Single Serving Hibernation Chambers deep beneath City Hall- there was a loud bang in my chamber, followed by a small death rattle coming from the pipes.

I screamed. I thrashed. I banged on the window with what little slack my bonds gave. It was no use. Everyone was gone and all I had was the countdown and 100 years of solitude.

The SSHCs had a built in system to keep us alive and young until The Rising. Not sure how it works, not sure IF it works but from the weak reflection on the glass I don’t seem to have aged.

3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 5 minutes. It could have been weeks or months since it stopped. Can’t be sure but it feels like its been one year, 5 months, 22 days, 11 hours and 55 minutes. Strange that all I have is time and even that is starting to slip away.

It took 2 days for me to break through the bonds. One week to unblock and reapply the feeding tube. One month to realise that no one was coming. 3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 5 minutes for me to lose time. 5 years(?) to lose my mind.

I sleep as much as I can and talk to myself often. I sing songs and mentally replay my favourite movies. For the first few months I masturbated frequently, but the smell became overwhelming.

3 years, 2 months, 12 days , 7 hours and 54 minutes minutes since I last touched myself. According to the countdown anyway.

After the first year I began reminding myself of my name, my age, my phone number and address. When the countdown malfunctioned I didn’t see the point. Even if my SSHCs life support system was intact, I knew I was going to die here. I would find a way.

3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 5 minutes.

Perhaps I would use my bonds to choke myself to death, but that was uncertain to work. Maybe I could try to sharpen the plastic on the buckle and use it to open my wrists. I even briefly consindered forcing the feeding tube into my trachea and drowning in grey slop. Either way I would make sure I was going to die here.


3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 5 minutes.

I can’t bear to be here when my wife wakes up. I don’t even remember her face anymore, nor her name. She would awake to find the shell of her husband, still hopelessly lost in the void of time.

One last look before I end it.

3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 5 minutes

Oh god.

3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 6 minutes.

no no no no please no 

3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 6 minutes.

6 minutes 6 minutes 6 minutes god no dont let it be true please let this end ive gone mad i must have no no no no no no no

3 years, 5 months, 6 days, 12 hours and 7 minutes.



