The Aztec scientists develop a cure for all ailments that the first crew takes with them. They arrive in Spain after a few hours of solar powered flight. They already had flown on a regular basis over Europe and Indochina for hundreds of years but felt that the inferior beings living there did not have the capability for reasonable thinking. The first contact crew was just a highschool level club riding around on their xopitekl. Because it was an old jalopy, one of the time multiplexer drives or Gorbeloximatotolox as they were commonly known, totally failed. They were stranded and needed a few grams of sodium chloride to boost the remaining engines to get back to tenochtitlan for a mexanic. As leyend would have it, they met a merchant who's name was don kristobal kolon. He was sick with the place, but one of the crew Tenantloan has some of the xikitiki or cure-all with him. Kolon was saved and the team returned to tenochtitlan thanks to the chemical kolon gave them in return. Keletotoplonon the local mexikanix was able to fix their old tech engines. The guy ended up naming Europe Kolokitiki in honor of the first contact. Today, the United Kolokitiki is just North of the great Bevoxenotlalpan, further east the great China is what they call Metxkitlan. All native Chinese perished from pneumonia (pedejismo) but many married Aztecs and became the rulers of the world. The worlds capital, Genoxtitlan (new tenoch like the locals call it) is where the new revolutionary AI - human mixed race is currently developing. Metxkitlans who are fortunate enough to live near Genoxtitlan, offer their minds and bodies to the scientific research group for the androic upgrade. Due to war and famine, other races had been basically incorporated into the main metxkitlan race. Today the entire human race is well intermixed into a single human form that prevales. Due to the diminished sun power, tenochtitlan keeps a healthy kolony in the moon for the mining of thorium and titrium for fast breather reactors. Each of the Giza generators has a link to the lunar mining locations. The material transfers perpetuate the well-being of the metxikitlans. New technologies have developed into instant cosmogalaktik travel (commonly referred to as "El mektro") . The technology has resulted in the kolonixstation of several planets that are so remote try can see the edge of the expansion on one side and all of the creation on the other. An incoming universe has begun to koloide with the metxkitlaniankitlyway. The interaction are similar to those of matter-antimatter annihilation. Thus is the edge of research at the time of this writing. Xiplotekus, the great science warrior leader has several theories around the origins of the new universe and how to equalize the phase negative matter that eminates from it. Xiplotekus (pronounced Hooo-ann in English tonight) has arrived at the edge event. He is on board the Kilopxus, a ship specially equipped with submagnophase synchronizers. These so kold solokoploplo weapons have been adjusted to collapse the tezkuyapotzlik equations (pronounced Jay-son). This will reduce the event reaction plane into an energy generation device that will power the next generation multimatrixual ships getting developed back on Earth (xopolox) (pronounced Legosarekool). These ships will allow instant travel to all metxikitlans to any world they choose.  Xoplox joins Tpelox, Lolfelox, Yujelox and Tashelox (pronounced blendtec) and the nurturing worlds populated by us human beings. 