Initially I thought "This has got to be the worst weapon ever." 
I was my ages chosen. It seems that throughout history each age has had a chosen. One person who heard the call. It started out as a feeling, then it became a drive and then an obsession. It ate at me until eventually I quit my job, hopped in my car and drove. I traveled across half the country. It eventually came to a cave in the superstition mountains. I had no idea what was calling to me at the time. I just knew I had to find it. As I explored the depths of the cave I came to a room, More of a warehouse really. It was filled with aisle after aisle of weapon racks. Filled with almost every type of weapon imaginable. They ranged from a slingshot and boomerang (those were right by the entrance) to Mjolnir and Excalibur (near the back). The further back I went the odder the weapons were. By the time I was halfway  to the back of the cave I had passed several  rows of things I had could not identify.
I wondered if some of these things were even from our world. Some looked like they used technology. I was sure I had seen a Light saber. I ignored these as I kept going.  I arrived at the  back of the cave and saw it held a single closed weapon cabinet. I knew in it was what had brought me here. I approached knowing that inside was my prize. I grabbed the handle and threw open the door. There inside I saw it. My......Stick.....
Yup, what the freaking hell, I had come all this way, I had thrown my life away in pursuit of a freaking Stick. Now I will admit It was a nice looking stick. It was definitely old. So old in fact it had petrified. I thought to myself that as far as weapons go It could be worse. I mean the thing was rock hard, if I hit someone with it it could maybe kill someone. I was disappointed though, I mean a room with all these amazing items and I am called by a stick. I decided that since i had come all this way the least I could do was claim my prize and head out.
As I grabbed the stick I heard its voice, the thing that had been all this time a feeling was now given voice, booming loudly in my head. Clear as a bell it said, "Finally it is time. You are to be the last of mankind's chosen and as such I am yours." I was stunned and as i thought to my self "What" the voice went on to tell  me the story of how every age one human was called to this place, One of the items here would call to him/her and once claimed that person would go on to change the world. People like King Arthur, Thor (a man made god by the hammer mjolnir) Joan of Arc among others. As the Stick explained to me the importance of the call, The honor in being chosen, I listened. After learning the complete history of this place (which I was told can be anywhere it needs to be), every weapon and wielders true story. I realized I had no choice but to accept my part in what was to be. 
I was at least intrigued. I did however think to myself "yeah, but what am I going to do with just a stick." The voice crashed inside my head "JUST A STICK!!!" "Mortal do you not know what you hold?" to which I replied "Um, no." The voice answered "You, Chosen, hold Reason, the Evolver" I thought "Sorry but I have never heard of you." It replied but much softer this time. "has it been so long, I suppose it has." "I am Reason, I am the stick that was picked up by the first of your kind. before he held me mankind were nothing more than apes. Upon hearing my call one ape,the first chosen, grabbed me up and I bestowed upon him Reason and He became the first Human. He evolved into the father of all mankind. 
"Now Chosen, it is time again to evolve. Prepare for you shall be the first of what modern man is to become." 