“Efermous” - the world beyond the mirror. This is where I live for the rest of my Immortal life, bound to grant wishes to whoever calls my name. 

It was during the reign of the Rukh Queen Rafimisha when all the jinn roaming the earth was exiled to what they simply call as containers. We as jinns are equally sentient as humans, emotions affect our decisions like humans. We’re not like angels and demons who know which side they are on. We simply lived, it’s just that we are powerful than humans that they eventually seen us as a threat and hunt us to put on containers by these mages - wisemen as they were called lead by a powerful mage, the Rukh Queen. 

Jinns can be contained in any objects that shines and guess what? My containment was a mirror. It was a big mistake, they are not supposed to lock us in a mirror. The mirror is a window to Efermous, the dimension on where I am. This dimension is where the twisted souls are imprisoned and I was mistakenly put into this damned place. Now anyone can summon me in any mirrors with a basin of water adjacent to it. Bathroom mirrors are the most convenient mirrors with water basins of course. 

The ritual is to fill the basin with water adjacent to the mirror, light up a candle and call my name thrice in a row. 

The Rukh Queen made a covenant with twelve great spirits that soon we grant our 777,777,777th wish to the mortals who summoned us, we will be freed. But how will I ever grant that much wishes if no one dares to stare at me the second I appeared in their bathroom mirrors after they summoned me? And to add insult, they mistakenly thought I was covered in blood.

I was once known as Mryam the scarlet jinn, because of my bright red skin, scarlet eyes and a long silky burnt sienna hair. At first, I was doing well, getting summoned by witch and wizard, asking for their wishes to be granted.

Names changed and I simply shows under Mary, it’s much easy for me to go by that name. One can remember Mary over Mryam, right? But requesting for the change of name is scrutinizingly painful. I have to ask it from one of my patrons to wish it for me. Good thing I have this usual wisher Glachiola, a witch of course. Then she suggested I go by the name of Mary, since I really don’t know which name to pick, replacing Mryam.

She helped me spread the news about my existence and the rituals how to summon me by making a pamphlet that says about me. She also includes me in some of her magic books where she writes her spells and concoctions. Few of her magical colleagues summons me and I am definitely doing well. 

Then the witch hunt began in an age that long time passed I miss to track. That is when the crisis began. 

Scary stories were all over the place. Vampires, werewolves, monsters and all those creatures that doesn’t even exist. Apologies for your disappointment but none of them is real but they cause so much fear to humans including my existence. 

And for centuries passed, I only had some few wishes granted. And to make it worse, I was even called as the ‘Bloody Mary’. Thanks to this young lady who accidentally found a witch pamphlet from an old library. She summoned me as instructed and as I appeared before her, she then screamed her lungs out cursing and shouting I was covered in blood. That was my skin tone, and I felt being personally attacked. 

Now everyone is calling me Bloody Mary. The innocents stop summoning me, or if they would they will run and never come back but the twisted, they keep on asking for my aid. Those who never knew fear, those who have worst ideas to use their wishes. I’ve experienced the most bizarre wishes anyone can think of. Humans asking to kill other humans. People asking to inflict sufferings to other people. 

Now, I need to grow accustomed of such wishes or I shall never be free again. And for every insane patron who would ask me insane wishes, they get to join me in Efermous and leave their bodies soulless shells of flesh walking the surface of the Earth. 

I don’t know what will come first, me losing my sanity with all these insane wishes; or Efermous being crowded with more twisted soul; or me granting the last wish that would free me. 

Being the maiden of reflection, all I could see is the monstrosity of mankind. This only proves even without us threading the Earth with them would only destroy themselves. They don’t need Jinns to wipe their race from the face of the planet, they are more than enough of themselves to do the task.