One day at age twelve I started to see the lines.At the school dance 2 girls asked me to dance May and Lisa. The green one lead to May,known for being rough basket case and Lisa the pastors daughter. 

I followed the green line because Green was my favorite color and let my friend Bobby dance with Lisa. My time with May was amazing, we loved similar things and the things she brought into my life only enhanced it.

Lisa it turned out had been a compulsive liar and last I heard from her was the invitation to a shotgun marriage to Bobby who had been assured she was on the pill. 

From that day on I always followed the green line. Down any street, through any building and to any person it seemed to point, and every time it's brought me nothing but joy. However it had been 10 years since the dance and...well...life had gotten boring.

Not to say it's been unpleasant, oh no! Every day is pleasant it's wonderful. I succeed in every undertaking and gain every chance I need. The guidance the green line has given me is invaluable, but there are no surprises anymore. So that's why today I had decided to follow the red line.

I figured even if it lead me into a jam the green line could lead me back out. I was on my guard keeping an eye out for danger. In fact I had my eyes everywhere except for right in front of me, which is why I ran head long into a fire escape ladder.

I woke up hours later in the hospital. The doctor said I only had a slight concussion, but I knew how much damage I truly had when I opened my eyes. The lines were gone. I don't know why they chose now to disappear, if they had always been delusions, but they were gone.

For a moment, I felt this intense joy. The world had suddenly become vast and unpredictable like a brand new adventure had started, but that feeling quickly vanished. The nurse had asked a benign question "Jello or Brownie?" but as I stared at the choices a sense of dread came over me a paranoia created from years of following something else that might never come back. 

Which would I like more? Would one make make me sick? What if I'm allergic to one of them? I've never had to worry about allergies before! It was than I realized how much of a mistake I had made. I had never made a choice for myself since I was 12 years old. Even small ones like this felt like insurmountable obstacles.

So now I set here staring at 2 sugary treats and wonder what will become of me. What will the future hold? How will I live without my guide? Can I live without it? Please, someone please tell me.