  

I was deceived.  I don’t know when I first realized it. 

The devil promised me heaven if I helped restore the natural balance. It was the will of God he said. I don’t why I accepted the offer. Perhaps after living a life of war I feared where I might end up. Perhaps I trusted this was the natural order and it was the right thing to do. Most likely those were just excuses, excuses like any other war I helped wage. It was my pride, and regardless of the consequences I didn’t want to turn down the greatest of all campaigns.

I was deceived, perhaps this deception began before death.

I brought destruction in the name of peace across the Earth. I made the wrong men rich and took from the righteous everything. I lived long enough to see the world burn. Yet in death it was not remorse for the suffering  I had caused which plagued my final thoughts. It the agony of knowing that I had not achieved my final victory. I was never righteous myself, although my ego convinced me that I was. 

I was deceived, blinded by ambition.

I remember very little of the time before my death.  But the smell of sulfur, and the screams that surround me now are allow me to reminisce of destruction that comes to me in fleeting moments of memory. The devil could have easily handled this on his own. He wanted to twist me, and he was willing to sacrifice hell to do so. 

I was deceived. I should have realized when the first of the dictators fell. It was easy.

The dictators’ tactics were outdated. It seems creativity is the power of the divine and none of my opponents were able of devising anything original. It was nothing sort of ecstasy to best the greatest tacticians in history. Yet as my armies marched across hell... despite victory after victory, that one failed victory in life has become all consuming. If I still needed to sleep, it would keep me up. 

I was deceived with an itch that could never be scratched.

I continue the push in the name of Lucifer. I crave for the next battle, the domination of those which stand to oppose to me. He just stands there, behind me smiling. Perhaps I was meant for more. Perhaps my true glory, my satisfaction, was... was stolen the moment I accepted this crusade. Perhaps it was stolen long before that.

I was deceived. It’s clear to me now.

And here I stand at the Gates of Heaven with three million strong and the final victory finally in grasp.

I was deceived. I don’t know when I first stopped caring. 