#THE MAILBOX

At first it was easy. Being born was something trivial for Ville. He was there, in the doctor arms, like if he had just solved his 2000th sudoku. All he thought was: "I was warmer there but... meh." People arroud him were making noises and clapping hands and other stuff. Cheering, as he'd later learn. But Ville was just... indifferent. 

Growing up was a bit harder. It took him a long time to learn to crawl because he found nothing interesting. He found no joy on that crib mobile thing his parents insisted on. He didn't disliked it either. In fact, he didn't feel anything about nothing. When he was seven they brought him a puppy. An adorable Corgi puppy called Salami, golden, with a white belly and an awesome booping nose, always panting from so much play. But nothing could motivate Ville. He couldn't feel. 

His mother's hugs. His father, head patting him. Salami licking his face. That was all love. Different ways of expressing it, but the same meaning. He didn't understand it. He couldn't.

And it was not only love, but anger, hate, passion, sadness, disgust, hapiness, fear... Emotions were not done for him. Even so, he learned, in a way, when people felt those emotions. The way of talking, the gestures. That was a progress. When he was forced to interact with people it was easier to not to fuck it up.

His parents tried to explain him those feelings, but that was out of reach. How would you explain what "surprise" feels like? It's like trying to explain colors to a blind person. Neither medicine nor religion could do anything for him either.

Ville kept growing, each time more lonley. Not that it mattered. 

One day there was a big storm. There was so much wind that it seemed that the roof was going to fly. It rained so much that the basements were flooded. There was thunder everywhere, and one of those hit Ville's house mailbox. It made a big noise. The whole house was shaken. Even the grandma's vase broke. It was ugly as hell, though. Everyone was frightened. Almost everyone.

The next morning everything was calm. Everything was wet, some things were broken. Somehow the mailbox kept standing, just a little singed. The flag was down, so Ville put on his shoes and went to get the mail. 

That's when his life changed. The moment he touched the letter. He feeled! His mind went through a tunnel, through himself, through his soul. Through Mr. Williamson.  

There was a single letter, signed by Mr. Williamson, an old evil neighbour, who was angry beacause Salami had entered his garden chasing birds and left a small gift. And that's what he felt, anger.

He told his mum while punching the table, and she did not show surprise, or that seemed to Ville. She made no unusual gesture. She did not react. They let the day pass as always, but the next morning his mother sent him to get the mail. 

And through the tunnel again. through Ms. Devine this time. She had signed the letter as a local bank employee. The contents of the letter Ville never knew, but what he felt was something he always remembered. Sadness. Ms. Devine had just had an abortion, and she was full of sadness. His mother asked him about it. But he just couldn't stop crying.

Having experienced anger and sadness Villed dindn't want to check the mailbox again, but his mum forced him. Oh boy! Hate! That was a hard one. Envy was next, and revenge after that. Jealousy and impatience followed. And all them alternated each other for what seeamed 100 days.

Weary, knowing all the bad feelings, wishing that his mother would forgive the trip to the mailbox for a day, Ville woke up. As always, the desire was not fulfilled. But this time was different.

Through the tunnel. But that, that was something else. It was colors! Red, yellow, green and blue! It was the sun, the sea and the wind. It was the morning, the rainbow, the trees and the animals. It was Salami. It was his parents.

It was love.

He run to told his mum about it, crying. But crying "the right way" now. While he was talking he could not stop hugging her. He was rapt. Suddenly his mother put a finger on his lips, shut him up for a second, and told him:

"You already know the feelings, now you must learn this. All the negative emotions, all the potholes, all the problems, all the tears, are worth it. Hold on. Just hold on. A second of happiness, a second of love, are worth all the grief of the world. It always arrives."










