Hot plasma-rich blood was pumped into Sarah's body, injected from steaming, snaking wires. Some of it was her own blood, extracted and kept from when she had been hurried into Cryo, oxygen supplies tanking. But most of it wasn't. Most was from the ship's supplies, mixed with necessary proteins and minerals, and a cocktail of drugs that would have killed her, had she been alive. 

Sarah's body was the final survivor of a mission gone wrong. A mission that couldn't be salvaged because of the great distances between Mars and Earth. Now Hab would do anything necessary to protect her. 

Including waking her.

Sarah's heart began to beat. Artificially at first, then, after many minutes, powered by the miracles of biology and evolution. 

Static crackled its way into her dream. Her first dream in four years. Scientists would have called her previous state CryoSleep, but it was death, in truth. For when the lid of a CryoBooth closes over a person, encasing their empty body, it's no less than being kissed by the Reaper's scythe. 

The dream was strange, in itself. A jigsaw of her life, up to now, with blank, missing pieces scattered throughout. A face vanished here, a few years missing there. She was a child, talking to herself of twenty years later. Only, the older her had no mouth. Her husband was telling her to go to Mars, but that couldn't be -- he had died two years before she'd applied for the mission. They were laughing. Then crying. Then she was alone.

Sarah began to choke, dribbling out a mix of viscous red and green over her lips. There was a hiss of steam as a metal arm holding a mask lowered over her mouth, sucking excess mucus from her throat and lungs. When finally deemed clear, it began pumping pure oxygen into her system, to help save what it could of her brain.

Seven hours passed, as the CryoPod monitored her status. Her dreams were still muddled, but becoming ever more recent, coherent. Dreams of the mission. Of the years spent on the spacecraft, getting to know every nook and cranny of her temporary tin-can home. Every bug and ghost in the machine. Every plant and insect in the nursery. She then dreamt of touching down on the planet. The site had already been prepared by the China-American Unity project. Simple droids that had been sent first had built the great nano-glass Hab that was to become their home, for the rest of her natural life. 

She was in charge of the plant nursery. Part research into what life the planet could support, part necessary to feed the group. 

Her body shook as the dream became suddenly dark. A drop of black into an ocean of blue. Spreading. Waves growing into a roaring, crashing tsunami. The Captain's body was found outside the Hab, his face half sucked out of the crack in his helmet. An accident that didn't look like an accident, but there was no other explanation. An impossible shadow had stretched over the Hab that day. Over the plants. They each wilted, as if the darkness was strangling their throats with icy hands. 

Sarah bolted upright, awake at last, gasping for breath. 

When she caught it, she raised her hands to her face and wept. Not sure why exactly, but unable to stop herself from doing so.

"Good morning, Lieutenant Carey," said Hab, once she had finished crying. Its voice was deep and warm, and yet behind the warmth lay calculated actions. Every response, every tiny shift in tone, pre-programmed to entice the desired response.

A chrome droid on tank tracks whirred into the medi-bay and approached her. The lights on its face flashed blue and it motioned to its long back. On the flat surface lay a towel and fresh, folded, clothes. 

"I would recommend a shower," said Hab. "Then, I will examine your mental state."

Sarah lowered her legs and stepped onto the floor. They gave way like overcooked spaghetti. The droid next to her shot out a metal arm from its innards, catching her around her waist and stabilising her. 

She swallowed as she placed her hands on its surface for support. "How long have I been sleeping?" Her voice was ragged, painful to hear, as if she'd swallowed broken glass.

"Four years," said Hab.

"Four?" Sarah frowned. She shouldn't be awake. The resupply ship was another twenty years away, at least. And after the last accident, the remaining oxygen wouldn't be enough to keep her awake that long. "Why... why only four?"

"There has been an incident."

"Another?" She sighed and whispered under her breath. "Just kill me already."

"I can not do that, Lieutenant."

"Just Sarah, for fuck's sake," she replied, starting to remember what a pain in the ass Hab could be.
 
"I can not do that, Lieute--"

"Yeah, yeah, I know." She raised her middle finger and held her arm up to the ceiling, or as much as her aching limbs would allow her.

"Please proceed to the shower unit."

"Just tell me," said Sarah. "What was the incident? Is it to do with the oxygen?"

Hab paused before it responded. Strange, Sarah thought. Uncharacteristic. 

"That was one aspect of it."

"Shit! How long do I have left, before it's depleted?"

"The rest of your life, Lieutenant," said Hab. "Now please, proceed to the shower unit."

Sarah froze. "What does that mean? The rest of my life. How long is that?"

Another pause. Sarah's heart hammered against her ribs. 

"While you slept, I carried on with the mission, as much as was possible for me," said Hab. "Cartography. Archaeology. Everything conducive to eventual terraforming."

Terraforming. Was that what Hab had done? Was that what it meant with the oxygen remark. It was way ahead of schedule, if so.

"One of the droids uncovered an artefact," it continued. "While excavating."

On Mars? Beyond ancient satellites that had been lost probing the planet's surface, that was impossible. Sarah's team had been the first people to land anywhere on the planet's surface. 

"What artefact?"

"Lieutenant, please remain calm, your vital signs are--"

"What fucking artefact!" she demanded.

"It seems as though there was something here before us. We found a supply of pipes running beneath the planet's surface. They are underneath me, and all around me. I have been able to re-purpose some of their contents. There is now enough oxygen available for you to reach your natural conclusion."

Sarah's arms trembled. "We were... We were beaten here?"

"Yes," said Hab. "By many millennia. And, there's something else I need to say to you..."

Its voice faded away.

Sarah had to be dreaming still. She had to be. There was no life here. Never had been. Not anywhere in the solar system, for that matter, besides Earth. She felt dizzy. Wanted to vomit. "What else, Hab?" she uttered.

Hab's voice changed. Sounded almost human. "I wanted to say that I am sorry, Sarah."

Sarah's throat was dry. Goosepimples prickled her arms and back. Hab had never apologised before. Never made mistakes. Never even called her Sarah. 

Her voice was a whisper. "Sorry for *what*, Hab?"

"They were dormant. When we removed the oxygen from the pipes, we disturbed them. Whatever they are, whoever they are... They are waking." 





