It didn’t take long for the Games to come to fruition. 5 years ago the governments of the world legalized the Murder Law, which allowed individuals to kill one individual for any reason (or none at all) with impunity. The first six months were anarchy - everyone with a grudge or psychosis came out of the woodwork and solved their grievances in public fashion...and not always nicely. But slowly the Murder numbers trickled down as populations dwindled and everyone used up their Free Pass. And then Capitalism stepped in. 

What started as a few kids with video cameras posting videos online became a worldwide phenomenom: document your Kill. Doxxers gained immediate notoriety (in an age where fame was almost a death sentence) and, inevitably, Kills began getting rated and compared to others. Long, torturous murders went viral - the Law didn’t state how quickly you had to kill them - and even more legislation and regulation came into being. Murders became the world’s ultimate bloodshow: how much could you accomplish in your five minutes of fame? And that led me to my current job. 

“Good Evening, ladies and gentlemen! I’m your host, Rebecca Richards, and this! Is! Ambush!” I brushed my long Auburn hair over my shoulder as the camera panned across the rambunctious 30,000 person crowd sitting in the stadium around me. Dressed in a suit, one would confuse me for a respectable news anchor if you met me on the bus. But after 3 months on the job and I haven’t been targeted myself, I’m apparently the new fan favorite.  

“We’re at 50 million viewers already, Bex.” My producer’s voice sounded through my earpiece while the cameras finished their pan across the screaming crowd. “It’s gonna be another strong night for our ratings!” 

I brought the microphone to my lips as I resumed my introduction speech: “Tonight Doxxers across the globe compete to have the most popular Kill as chosen by our crowd and the voters at large! Will the winner be a quick, clean assassination? Or a gruesome dismemberment? But as always: if the kill isn’t complete within 5 minutes, it is disqualified from voting and the Doxxer is put to immediate death by our own specialized Kill Enforcers.” The Kill Enforcers always brought the biggest cheer from the crowds, that addition alone had tripled our viewership. 

“For our first event we start right here in beautiful and sunny Los Angeles, California! We’re going to follow Brad as he exacts revenge on an old coworker.” The camera screens changed to a small, featureless room where a man brandished a large ax and the crowd roared: bludgeoning kills always received high marks. Even though his face was obscured by a mask, you could see the madness in his eyes as a closeup flashed on the screen. 

The producer again: “Over a bilionl. Hype ‘em up!” 

“Ooooohhh...this one looks like it’s going to be personal, folks! Go ahead and get those voters handy and Prepare! For! Ambush!” 

On that cue, the door opened and the masked man moved swiftly through the building. His bodyworn camera was streaming his entrance as he moved through dark hallways and pushed past other individuals who were in the way. The crowd murmured as he moved through the building, the anticipation was palpable. As I narrated his movements: breaking locks to bust through doors and ramming people out of the way, my producer kept feeding me stats on viewership and voting. The man reached the last door and as he forced it open the screens went white from the blaze of light bursting through as he did so. 

The sound of the gunshots brought the room to immediate silence. The masked man crumpled up and crashed to a halt at my feet, almost knocking me over with the force of his impact. A small wisp of smoke emanated from the barrel of my revolver as I lowered it towards my attacker. I took a step back as he coughed and spat blood, but as he brought his ax back I fired one last shot into his head. As the ringing in my ears subsided I could begin to make out the cheers of crowd and all of the voices in the background as my producer was still tallying up numbers: “ 3.3, 3.6, 3.9...Bex! You’ve got half the globe watching right now!!” 

As I tried to slow my breathing, I had one of the sound techs putting a new microphone in front of my face. After several deep breaths I could finally comprehend what had happened, and weakly took the microphone from his grip. Closing my eyes, I sucked in one last breath, forced a smile, and tried to force my mind out of the situation: “Well ladies and gentlemen, that’s the risk of the game. As we all know, not all Ambushes are successful, and the target is allowed to use Deadly Force to resist any attempt at a Kill.” Ratings and statistics flashed across the giant screens hanging in the stadium. “Keep those votes coming through this next commercial break, and be ready for the next...Ambush!!!” 
