This is kind of NSFW.

The atmosphere in the room was palpable. This was our life’s work, finally we could figure out what this long dead species was like. We can learn from their mistakes, a species hell bent on destroying each other. We can also learn from their successes, their medicine and technology was theorised to be years ahead of our own. Bright red beads of sweat roll down my forehead as the head scientist, Uny, prepares to start up the ancient machine.

“Everyone ready?” He asks, looking back at us with a confident smile. “All your work has paid off. Let’s change the world.” 

“3.” He says suddenly, kicking my heart into a frenzy. 

“2” My hands begin to shake, as I get light headed

“1.” The entire room takes a deep breathe to prepare ourselves to witness the event that will change my civilisation forever.

“Let’s do this.” Says Uny, cracking his knuckles and preparing to type on the ancient technology the humans called a ‘keyboard’. He hits the ‘space bar’ and the machine bursts into life. The room is silent as the machine makes a few noises, warming itself up. Suddenly, the screen flashes and the knowledge of their kind is ready to be explor...

“WHAT ARE THEY DOING?” Shouts Uny, averting is eyes.

“I believe they are... mating. Sir.” Says Crumple, Uny’s assistant, flicking through a few of his notes.

“It’s disgusting.” Uny squeals, looking for the nearest waste disposal unit to vomit in. Crumple takes over the keyboard and ‘mouse’ and clicks the left hand button, looking to make the mating video stop. Instead, another video pops up.

“THERES MORE?” Uny whines.

“Yes sir. This ‘pornhub.com’ appears to be an entire ‘web page’ dedicated to it, sir.” Crumple says, scrolling down the page using the ‘wheel’ on his mouse (the part of the project I had worked on, I couldn’t help feeling a tinge if pride.)

“WAIT.” Says Uny, scrambling around the draws of his desk for a few seconds before pulling out a diagram of the humans biology. His face goes pale. “H-HES PUTTING HIS SEX ORGAN WHERE THE FAECES COMES OUT OF.”  The room let’s put a long noise of disgust as we all reach for our own disposal unit.

“Ah.” Says Crumple, pointing to the human with the large ‘breasts’ “So this is the ‘Naughty teen punished by...” His face goes as pale as Uny’s 
“Her STEPFATHER?” 

“Right that’s it.” Says Uny. Getting up out of his chair and walking behind the computer. “I’m pulling the plug. These humans were animals.”

“SIR LOOK!” Said Crumble, guiding the ‘curser’ over a flashing purple part of the screen, a naked female human was winking and in bright pink letters a message read ‘There are women in your area’
There was a shared gasp.

“There are humans remaining!” Says Crumble, quickly clicking this message causing another website to pop up. “We just have to enter our... bank account details and mother’s maiden names.” 

“Our priority will be finding these ‘women’.” Announces Uny, looking out the window of our spaceship towards the remains of earth. “Oh humans... you mysterious, disgusting creatures.”

This was done early in the morning on a phone. Sorry for any mistakes.
Check out my [subreddit](www.reddit.com/r/TheDavz) for more.