"Look, Jack," I said as I crawled through the ductwork outside of my cell. My captors, who appeared to be about nine feet tall on average, had apparently failed to take my smaller size into account. Or maybe their ineffable alien culture simply didn't have a *Die Hard* equivalent. "It's not that I don't appreciate the company..."

"It's no problem, *muchachorino*," Jack Black, he of *Kung Fu Panda* and *High Fidelity* fame, said as he crawled behind me.

"... but if my subconscious is going to manifest an invisible companion to keep me sane, you seem like sort of an odd choice." I twisted my way around a sharp ninety-degree bend in the tunnel. "I mean, no offense here. It's just that I'd be more likely to expect... I dunno... David Tennant or Ben Browder, given the circumstances. Maybe even Will Smith."

"Nah, bro, you don't want that. Dude's a *total* dick."

"Well -- okay, one, that's disappointing if true..."

"*I know*, right?!"

"And two, that's not an answer. Again, no offense. I think you're a great actor, and honestly, I think *Kung Fu Panda* showed that people really underestimate your dramatic chops, the way they usually do with comedians -- same as they did with Jim Carrey, for instance --"

"Also a dick. Not 100% his fault. Dude's bipolar, you know?"

"Point is -- given the entire oeuvre of artists and actors I have access to, why you? Why not..."

"Scarlett Johansson?" I could practically hear him waggle his eyebrows behind me. "Little bit of ScarJo action? Or maybe a little Asa Akira?"

"Uh, *dude?* Not cool? Stay out of my mental porn folder, *s'il vous plait?*" I reached the end of the tunnel, another grating like the one I'd entered. Didn't see or hear anyone outside. I started to undo the odd, puzzle-like clasps my captors seemed to use in place of screws.

"Well..." I heard him (somehow) start to munch on his ever-present bag of chips. "Maybe your brain's trying to tell you something, you know?"

"Like what?" I pulled the last clasp free, holding the grate up with my hand. Glanced outside. Still clear. I quietly pushed the grate down.

"That maybe you're playing the same character I do in most of my films, y'know? The optimistic chump who's not as smart as he thinks he is."

"And how am I doing that?" I crawled out of the vent and stood up. Looks like I was in a wide room. Completely empty and featureless, except for the vent and the five or six doors.

"Like, maybe you should be questioning why there just *happens* to be a tunnel out of your cell that's the perfect size for you."

Bars abruptly dropped down on the vent's entrance. Multicolored lights suddenly switched on throughout the room, a different color above each door -- none of which, I belatedly noticed, seemed to be nine feet tall.

Crap. I wasn't loose in the ship. I was just a rat in a maze they'd made for me.

"So anyway," Jack said conversationally, reaching in for another handful of Tostitos as he leaned up against the wall next to me. "Wanna hear me sing *Freebird?*"