"By the Gods, I did it!" The man's face was a palace of merriment and cheer. His beard reached far down to the waistline of his silk robes. The gold trimming mixing devilishly with the gold inlays. Tom watched the happiness drain away from him as his eyes wondered down Tom's body to see, he was without pants.

"Strange," The Sorcerer said. "Perhaps you are a lust demon. I should make note of this for the council." At once beginning to diligently scribble on a piece of parchment.

Tom was without words. One minute, Darcy Midriff is about to "play the skin flute" and the next thing he knows he is coughing up Aunt Patricia's Saturday morning cigarette smoke while he stands in a circle of candles and markings at full mast.

"Who the fuck you callin' a demon, Pal?" Tom said inching towards the Sorcerer

The man withdrew a bottle from his robe. As crimson as the sky during the sun's set. Opening it with a hiss of carbonated contents and throwing it at Tom. Hitting him square in the stomach. The liquid shattered free from the bottle painless, unnaturally wrapping its contents around Tom, like water crawling up a dipped in towel.

"What the fuck is wrong with you man? You just throw bottles of Code Red at people and expect not to get your ass beat?" Tom said, drenched from head to bone with sticky red liquid that appeared to boil by his rage.

"Aha! Now not only are bound to this circle, unless by my request, but you must also answer and meet all my demands!" The sorcerer said uttering a little dance of excitement.

Tom looked down at the circle of purple chalk and black candles. It immediately reminded him of Veronica, that Goth girl he met in Vancouver. He remember remarking that she wasn't one for the long term, but when you have legs like that, long term is never an option in any regard. This warranted a chuckle of amusement from the vulgar side of Tom's brain, which own quite a bit of real estate in his head. 

Tom also could see that not only did his pants not exist in this strange acid trip, but he had also managed to forget his left sock. And just as the memory of the long legs and the short strokes caused Tom to remember with a sort of happiness this allotted a cry of frustration and renewed hatred towards his captor.

"Look, Buddy," Tom said stepping out of the Sorcerer's circle with ease, causing the man to scream in horror and confusion. "I have been around the block for a minute. And nobody puts Tommy in a box."

"It's actually a circl--"

"I know what it is!" Tom said delivering a crushing blow to the Sorcerer's nose with a satisfying crack. The Sorcerer, whom had been grasped his bleeding nose in a fit of piss and tears.

"Nobody ties me down. I didn't let that leech Tammy do it, and I sure as shit won't let some Larper." He said grasping the Sorcerer by his robes. "You are either gonna show me the nearest door out of this Wonderland, Alice, or I am gonna show you the demon you paid for."

"B-But...the magic doesn't work like that!" The man said, wriggling from Tom's grip to fall to his knees, the streamline from his tears shining in the dark candles of the ritual room.

"What?"

"I barley figured out how to summon something from Hell, I can't just," He looked to his hands as if they contained the answers, but shook them in frustration emptily. "Put you back!"

"Why did you summon me? Do you know how hard it was to get Darcy to go out with me, let alone in my apartment? The bitch was the white whale, you douche!" Tom said squarely kicking him in the chest. Despite his over all exposed body, his cocky, well built, randy attitude allowed him to remain quite intimidating.

"I didn't know what was going to occur? No one did! You are the first your kind here! Please, forgive me, I can't send you back but I can be your ward, your slave, just don't kill hurt me. Lust demons make men suffer in unspeakable ways according to the Old Testament..." The man began crying again. Tom raised up his foot to give him the business, it had been a while since he had given anyone the business. Who was the last? Tom found himself back in high school, long before he got into Law school on his daddy's money, back in the glory days when he would prance around the halls picking up whatever tail he wanted that night. It was Franklin Marsh who last stood up to him, a sweet kid, who was madly into the piece of ass he was playing with at the time, and that made Tommy boy mad. So he showed that kid what being sweet gets ya. A broken face and a shattered pride.

And with this grizzled pansy under his foot, he couldn't help but feel a nostalgic sense of pride. Hell, maybe he was a demon, maybe there was something more to this than girls. Maybe, just maybe, Tom was an example of what not to be, how Earth could truly be a Hell. Tom didn't know.

But he didn't either.

Tom removed his foot from the Sorcerer's temple and crouched down to his level.

"Would you say you are a competent Sorcerer?" Tom whispered to the man menacingly.

"Y-y-yes! Very much so, best in my field!"

"Your field?"

"Cognitive control and mind alerting magic." 

Tom felt a grin spread so wide that he felt like Pennywise the clown from that movie his brother made him watch when he was nine. He had been forced to do something then, he remembered being in his underwear then, pissing himself when that fucking clown reached through the storm drain, hungry for kids. That day on, he refused to let someone make a loser of him. Funny, how he thought of that now, in his underwear.

"Okay, then Slave." Tom said standing up, causing the Sorcerer to look up in surprised relief. He learned down at the waist, so their noses nearly touched.

"Let's go unleashed Lust on the world."

