The man looked at me, confused. His black cloak and piercing eyes were the least surprising thing about him, really. What was far more surprising was that those eyes were locked with mine.

"Please, sir-" I began, before he cut me off.

"You are not dead."

I didn't understand. What did he mean by that? Was it why he was confused? Why would me being alive confuse him anyways? I'd had passerby say ignorant things to me before, but nobody had ever asked me why I wasn't dead.

"N-no?"

"I do not understand. I've never had to work with a living person before. How is this even possible?"

I, of course, asked him what he was babbling on about. He explained who he was; the True Reaper. The Grim Reaper takes your body, the True Reaper takes your soul after you have been forgotten. 

I looked down at my tattered pants and my empty plastic cup against which I had propped up my sign. I didn't feel sad, really. Not even crushed. I just sort of understood.

"Ah... I see. Your brother just deal with a man named Johnson, didn't he?"

"*I* just dealt with him. After my brother, of course. Hit by a car, driver was drunk."

"That's no surprise. I suppose we went together. Fitting. We went through life together, the war together, it makes sense that we go through death together. You might as well call your little brother over.

The reaper looked at me with an odd look in his eyes. Not pity, no, something closer to anger. He offered me his hand as his more inhuman features slowly began to morph and blend into a more normal form.

"Come," he said, "your time has not yet come."

Had I wanted to turn away his hand, I wouldn't have been able to. He pulled my hand to his through some invisible force and picked me up.

"Let us eat together, I'll call the big guy and see if he can do something to fix this mistake."

We started to walk through the crowded city streets, bustling with people that looked straight through me as if I wasn't even there. They always had. Back home, they had at least met my eyes and hurriedly looked away. Here I simply didn't exist to them.

"I ought to talk to him about some of these other issues too," continued the reaper, "for he has clearly forgotten to give these people souls."