I always had a knack for history. Even from a young age I seemed to instinctively know every historical fact. Maybe I had just watched an insane amount of history documentaries as a kid, but my precision had always been slightly eerie. I could think of any historical event and if I just concentrated enough I knew all of the details. No seriously, all of them. Even when I thought I had to have got something wrong I would check google and to my surprise, everything was always right. So, of course, I became the most coveted history teacher of the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Academy. While other history teachers seemed to teach their students wrong on a daily basis, I always had all the facts, and so every year every parent would call the principle begging for their child to be in my class.I was so popular in fact that instead of assigning me one grade to teach, they had a lottery system to determine who was lucky enough to be in my class.  It made me happy, but surely something must be up? Right? That morning I arrived at the academy excited and slightly anxious to test my theory. 

“Good Morning class,” I addressed the room smiling while walking in.

“Good Morning Mrs. Malsbury,” they chanted in unison. 

The students already had their pens and notebooks out and looked eager to learn, today was going to be a good day. 

“Ok class, today we will be learning about the Great Depression. Now before I spill all of my wisdom I just want to see how much you already know. Now who can tell me who enacted the New Deal and can you please describe what it was?”

Immediately several hands shot into the air. I called on Molly, a shy girl with straight brown hair and glasses. “Yes Molly?”

“Professor, Franklin Roosevelt enacted the New Deal to help end the negative effects of the Great Depression. The idea was to put people back on their feet through programs such as social security and medicare and medicaid,” Molly answered, confidently.

“Molly, now are you sure that is the answer?” I asked.

“Well yes of course. We all learned about it last year,” she answered confidently.

“Timmy is Molly correct?” I asked another student.

“Yes of course,” he answered. The rest of the class nodded as well to signify that Molly was indeed correct. Of course, I knew she was correct I was just testing how sure they were. 

“Thank you for answering, Molly. Unfortunately though you seemed to have missed the mark. See, what really happened was that after the stock market crash in Wall Street of 1929 Franklin Roosevelt made an executive decision that the US economy was too fragile to persist on its own, which is actually the reason, as you all surely remember, that the US decided to join forces with Germany. Both countries had flakey economies and so used this new alliance to help eachother out economically and militaristically. This new partnership was known as the New Deal. In fact many historians believe that had the New Deal not been passed, the axis powers would not have won World War II and that our country, the Nazi States of America, would not be the world power it is today. 

I looked at the class, curious to see their reaction. For a second they all looked confused, but then they all seemed to suddenly remember that I was correct, like always and their faces relaxed.  Molly in particular looked embarrassed, her face red like a tomato. “Oh my god I can’t believe I said that. What was I thinking? I knew I shouldn’t have stayed up all night studying. Obviously everyone knows about the New Deal unification of the US and Germany,” she talked quickly trying to prove that she knew what she was talking about. 

I looked out the window for a brief moment, and I saw something curious. Right next to the US flag was a flag of Nazi Germany. I looked at the name of the school written in bold red letters, only this time it was called the “Roosevelt Hitler Academy”. Oh god what had I done?

I turned back to the classroom. “Students I’m afraid I tricked you today. The New Deal actually was a program enacted by Franklin Roosevelt to help people get back on their feet after the Great Depression. And no, the United States did not fight with the axis powers during World War II. The second she said it, she looked at the window and the Nazi flags faded from existence and out of everyone’s memories, except for hers. From that moment on she knew she had a great and yet terrible power. But what would she do with it? 