Most days, a number flashes through my mind.

It's usually when I'm out somewhere, after I've made a conscious choice. Push the button and wait rather than jaywalk? *Plus two.*

Phone an ambulance when I saw that drunk guy asleep on the floor? *Plus one.* 

That time I signed a friend's passport? *Plus sixteen.*

They weren't always positive, of course. Once every other week, I might get a negative. That time I chose the cheaper phone contract? *Negative four.* That time I upvoted a thread about rice recipes on Reddit? *Negative one.* Last Thursday when I ignored the withheld number calling me? *Negative four.*

I've never quite understood how it works, but since these delusions began, I began to name it Karma. Good actions tend to lend themselves to positive numbers; lousy ones seem more likely to produce negatives.

&#x200B;

I attended a neurology appointment to check this out, but I got no answers. I remember the *Plus five* from making the initial self-referral, present and clean in the memory like it were a butterfly drifting past my field of vision.

The neurologist was a consultant called Miss Wight. She checked my vision, listened to my tales, asked me to keep a diary of instances the numbers flick through my mind. She talked about synaesthesia, suggested a scan, further study. She was excited- a little too excited-, when I agreed to take the diary, and I gasped as a tiny *plus one* rose like steam from the diary. 

"I saw it again," I explained. "Just now. When I took the diary."

"I see," said Miss Wight, trying to retain professional composure. "What number was it?"

"One," I said. "Positive one. Most of the time it's small numbers."

"Is it ever fractions? Zeroes?"

I thought about this for a moment. "No... I think it's always been a whole number. As for zero.... I guess most things I do during the day don't have meaning. "

"You feel meaning is important, don't you?"

&#x200B;

I do, of course. Perhaps it's the narrative I make for myself. She and I discussed how to write in it, and agreed to meet again in six weeks time. Exhausting work, and time for lunch. 

There is a Subway knock-off sandwich store just opposite the train station. I'm not sure what it is about their food prep, but it knocks my socks off every time.

There were quite a few customers at tables, but no queue. The serving girl was one I knew by face, with a hot pink lip piercing. Her colleague, the manager, was milling about grumpily.  She ignored him and smiled with familiarity. "Morning! What can I get you? Usual?"

*The usual*. "You know me too well. Large please."

"What bread would you like?"

Unlike the veggie filling, I like to vary the bread and the sauces, depending on my mood. I looked at the types, deliberating. They all look good. I take a moment to look at the loaves at the back and decide that of the ones she is most likely to grab, the Italian looks the nicest.

"Uh, the Italian, please. Large."

She gets to work picking it up and sawing into the loaf with a knife. As she does though, my brain sears as a number obscures my vision:

*+4,982,041,920*

For a moment I am disoriented. I can't even identify the number. It's four milli- no, *billion*. Nearly five billion. I try to capture the number in my memory. I blink and it's gone, but an after image feels like it's burned into my retina. I drink it in, try to tap the number discreetly on my thigh as though it's a phone or calculator, hoping the muscle memory in my fingers will help retain it and--

"Shanae, I'm going on my break now, all right?"

It was the manager, looming over her shoulder as she shoved diced olives into the Italian. She was a pleasant enough gal- Sasha, if memory served- but clearly disillusioned with her job. She already had a pack of cigarettes in his hand.

"Sure," Shanae said, putting my order in the oven. "Oh! Just a thought: before you go, could you get some more Italian out of stores, please? We're running a bit low."

Sasha's eyes flickered to the oven and the counter, before stalking back the way she came. Shanae took her gloves off and asked me about sauces. Spicy onion. No numbers.

It wasn't until I sat at a vacant table by the storefront that I got the book out and wrote the number down as best I could. Almost five billion. This had better be a good sandwich. 

I looked up as Sasha finally walked past briskly for her break, hair pulled into a bun. I watched her step outside into the path of a suited man, who apologised profusely, then stared agog.

"Sasha Ickneld?"

She looked at the man, trying to place him. After a few seconds she beamed: "Daniel Matthews? I wouldn't have recognised you with that beard! How are you doing? I haven't seen you since school!"

I took a moment to eavesdrop on their conversation, how he was heading to the train station to go to some kind of expo show. Sasha sounded a bit embarrassed about working in the service industry, but this Daniel, he didn't seem to mind. In fact, he suggested they sit down and talk for a bit, as his current business project involved food waste.

I listened to two old school friends plan to put the world to rights, but by the time the global food crises were averted a decade later, I had no memory of the day, save for a large number in a tiny diary. 