I smashed at my keyboard in a worthless attempt the get the coffee house WiFi to connect. The waitress came out from behind the counter with my croissant and tea in hand. 

“Here you go honey, can I get you anything else?”

“I’m good” I said coolly. I hate it when people call me honey. 

I was disappointed to be the only person in the coffee shop. The din of the afternoon rush usually helped me work, but on Christmas Eve the usual customers were evidently at home with their families. I sat quietly for a few minutes munching on my croissant before a young woman walked in, ordered a coffee, and sat down at the table to my left. She was dressed in faded jeans and a black sweatshirt. She appeared to be about my age and the sweatshirt matched my old school colors. The back of her head looked vaguely familiar and I silently hoped that I didn’t know her from somewhere. 

Finally my computer connected to the WiFi network. I was booting up my email when the woman suddenly hopped up from her table and plopped down in the chair across the table from me. In my startled state I was unable to think of anything to say that would facilitate a normal social interaction. 

“I... uh... hi. Do I know you?” The words fell out of my mouth like bricks. 

“Look, we don’t have much time until they look back this way” she said as she glanced out the window. 

“Who... what?” I asked. There was no one on the street outside. I was beginning to think she was on drugs. 

“The Yorkas” she said as if that was supposed to clear everything up. “I’ve got a telegram. It needs to go to a guy named Jonathon. He will be a friend of your sister. Can you give it to him next time you’re in 2070? He’ll be living in New York.”

I stared into her eyes for a second, frantically sorting through my mind in hopes that some long forgotten memory would manifest and explain the situation. Nothing came. I decided she must be high as a kite on something. The meth problem had been getting worse in my hometown in recent years. 

“I don’t think I know you.” I said as I gathered my things to escape. 

“Oh, shit. Are you not winiwidiwici?”

I don’t remember dropping my plate but I felt it land on my foot and shatter across the floor. 

“What are you taking about?” I asked. “How do you know my name?”

The waitress rushed into the back closet to get a broom. 

“What do you mean?” she asked, her face now contorting into a look of confusion nearly as severe as my own. She glanced towards the waitress and reduced her voice to a whisper. “I already told you. I carry telegrams for the Ishcred too.”

“I have no clue what you’re talking about” I said as I placed my phone on the table and knelt down to start cleaning up. 

“Wait a minute... what’s the date?”

“December 24th. It’s Christmas Eve.” I replied. 

“Of what year?” She sounded impatient. 

“Uh... 2018.”

“Oh shit!” she yelled “I’m supposed to be in 2028. My boss is going to kill me!”

I didn’t have time to reply before the waitress reached us. 

“Oh honey! That’s all right, we’ll get you a new croissant, don’t you worry.”

“I’m so sorry” I gushed as she began to sweep up the pieces of plate. “She really just took me by surprise and I guess the plate slipped.”

She glanced up at me and tilted her head to the side. “Who?”

I looked across the table. Before me the coffee shop, doused in dim light, quiet and serene, smelling of fresh bread and espresso lay completely empty. 