"Finally.... It is done."  A voice declares to herself.  


The young Farmer's daughter, Abishag, had finally finished building a small, unassuming temple.  Her father always said she was named after a servant in charge of a biblical king, who helped him like she helped her family's farm.  
But by this point everything was dying, as if the earth had noting to give.  So she turned to beg divine intervention.  On the altar she placed the only possession she had, a set of golden rings passed down by her mother.  

And it was these that led to a miracle.

"I have been summoned.  Are you my conjuror?" The disembodied voice asked.  With all her shock, Abishag was unable to do more than nod.

"Very well.  I am called David, and I shall shepard unto thee prosperity."  

And it was a miracle.  For the first two days, incense could be smelled, as censures kept popping up in various places.  It drove father mad, until the brown, drying grasses began to green, the hot air began to cool, and the hard, cracked soil began to take in water, as drizzles and gentle rains came.  

Then there came the sound of a harp, and the animals, once unruly, were at peace, in fact it almost seemed like more came.  They obeyed instructions, and the farm began to become safer.  the Wolves and rats were found dead, as if struck by a stone, a few deer too, feeding the family.  

Finally what looked like a man with boyish charms approached and knocked on the door.  They knew from his shepard's staff his profession, but the censure and harp he carried gave away his identity.  "David, I presume?"  The farmer asked him.

"Indeed.  You toiled much on this land, and even turned to God.  Our Father may have lost touch, but as one of his first servants, I have lended my aid.  You will find the greatest crop ever all for one price.  And just as I, it will be biblical."  

With tears in his eyes, but a smile on her face, the old Farmer gave away his daughter Abishag to the very person who's story her name came from.  And her sacrifice led to their family being fed for generations, a peaceful farm in the middle of Texas, owned by Christian ranchers, and saved by the soul of a man from the Old Testament.

And nobody ever believed them.