I hadn't slept since I received my rejection letter. "Too dangerous to be taught" echoed through my mind. How could I be too dangerous? I had never seen a glimmer of magic, no mysterious happenings, nothing. My parents both came from a long line of mages so it was a...shock to say the least. I had tried to live the best I could in the magical world I had been brought up in. I just turned 26, and I figured if I had not seen any magical ability by now, then surely I had none at all?

One drunken night, my best and only friend Rowan, decided that it would be hilarious if the only "Normie" in the mage community should apply to all of the top colleges.

"It's not like you'll be accepted or anything." He slurred, "What's the worse that could happen? They tell you they can't accept you because you're magic-less?"

"Could you imagine the look on their faces when they get that application? 'What magic do you specialize in?' Being a pariah at every party! 'What great feats of magic have you accomplished in your life so far?' Being able to drink a six pack by myself and feel no regrets!" We both broke into laughter, and that was that. We spent the rest of the night drinking and sending in applications.

A few days later and responses had started pouring in. At first I was thoroughly confused as to why I was getting these letters. Then I remember a glimmer of that drunken night. Every single one, every gods damned letter had similar phrasing. And it had left me paralyzed. I called Rowan, and we decided to meet at his apartment.

"So...this isn't what I expected." I laughed nervously running a hand through my hair.

Rowan was standing next to his couch, staring down at the floor that was now littered with rejection letters.

"You weren't..." He trailed off rubbing his temples. I looked at him, his face was pained.

"I wasn't what, Rowan?"

"You weren't supposed to ever find out, about...being dangerous, having magic." He looked at me, his golden eyes glittering. I laughed at him, at the absurdity of this conversation.

"Rowan, I don't have a single spark of magic. Everyone in this city knows that! If I did, don't you think my life would have been a hell of a lot easier? All my life I was bullied with magic, nearly killed by Purists, and you're going to fling that kind of bullshit in my face?" I was angry now. 

Rowan stared at me, unmoving.

"And what would you say if your parents had your powers sealed when your were born because they were afraid that our illustrious leader would find you? What if you could save the entire Magical world from her tyranny?"

I felt rooted to the spot. I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

"You've gone insane Rowan." I whispered. He smiled, his eyes seeming to glow.

"If the college's had known who you truly are, they would have never responded to you and would have reported you to Veras. Some probably have. It was a stupid thing we did, I was supposed to protect you until the time was right...but I guess that cat is out of the bag." I had no words for what I was hearing. Rowan lifted his left hand and a golden orb of light formed.

"It's time." He said, his voice other-worldly. His living room filled with light as mages appeared in billowing cloaks of all colors. My parents appeared, my mother in deep blue robes, my father in Black and silver. My mother smiled at me as she clasped my father's hand.

"Welcome to the rebellion, Silas."



