The room was a room simply by name not in reality. It was a construct within its own dimension, detached from the chain of the multi-verse and constructed of living matter that shifted within its own silent will. 

The table was made of a single cut of a jewel, simple called a mytaneal. It shone with its own inner light, channeling this light through its surface in a array of light.

I was seated far too close to what was seen as the Prime Links. But it was what happened, it started not long ago, a few millennia only, but with each meeting more seats were left empty. Some universes just eroded away under the pressure of time.

And now I was seated close enough to reach out and touch Tÿr'rhik Raøm. The god-king of his universe, ruling it as the warrior on his nebular throne. But the presence of Yriñi Jyqęs, consort of the stars, goddess of her universe that was the envy of all beauty. And that was just to name a few, but now I could feel their stares weighing down on me.

"So, Tyfên Dewæn, it has been awhile... you seem to have been hiding for quite awhile." 

The words seemed to take me like a blow, I tried to hide my jump, but the voice of Fúlkem Arât had that quality.

"Ohh, yes, well umm, I am really just a nobody. You know, a young god in a very mundane universe."

I stammered, knowing I had taken a very different approach to my slice of the multiverse.

"Hmm, mundane isn't what I have said. I call it odd. False deities, and even no belief is rampant in your realm. Why?"

He pressed, his face seeming to be chiseled from iron, his eyes boring into me.

"Ohh, yeah... I think that is a problem, but it's hard. They have done a lot and I don't think I should ruin it all."

I tried to explain, seeing more and more eyes turn towards me. 

I once took a neutron star and hurled it into a black hole once, the pressure that caused didn't hold a flag to this.

"So, you are saying you haven't done anything? Even with all the power you hold?"

I couldn't name the one who pointed this out, but they seemed to be made of star dust.

"Well, it's my choice isn't it? It didn't work out with my first few creations...So I wanted to see if I could just work in the background."

I explained, gaining a bit of confidence as I reasoned it to myself.

"You annihilated your first few creations, some of the mess spilled into mine dear."

Piped in Cayrįth Śorkyd, my neighbor in the multiverse.

"And I have cleaved the beings of my realm countless times. And I always knew it was me giving too much freedom."

Declared Fúlkem, his sword shimmering into existence behind him for a moment.

"Freedom isn't something to avoid, it's the creativity that makes beauty, but mortals need the guidance."

Yriñi Jyqęs added, clearly disapproving of me.


