It’s not the monotony, but rather, the solidarity that’s the worst. If my name wasn’t so, I might try to die myself. Day in and day out, it’s always the same song, the one that roars quiet and then fades into a screaming silence. Always on full blast. But, at least I have my Thursdays to keep me sane.

It wasn’t until about seven years ago that I met him; my one saving grace. Every week, on Thursdays, he steps into my office, ready to take The Walk, a big grin the whole time. No regrets, no melancholy, just a chuckle and a wink. A true anomaly. He truly makes all of this seem like it might be for something bigger, something better.

The first time I saw him, he had this look on his face unlike anyone I’d ever met. Nobody has ever come to me with a look of such peace in the eons I’ve been doing this. So long, numbers wouldn’t even be able to quantify it. He didn’t say much, and I just wanted to wrap up for the day and go home, so we took care of business pretty quickly.

I forgot about him pretty much entirely until the next week, when there he was. Sauntering in my office, the one with a scythe etched in the door, as carefree as if he were walking into his own house. Every so often something will surprise or startle me when I do this job, but this was the first time I ever did a full on jaw to the floor, bug eyed, double take. I’d never had a client come back. This was never covered in the training modules!

It took over eight months of seeing him every Thursday to finally get his full story. It doesn’t make sense and I don’t know how it’s possible, but then again, what does Death know about Love.
***
I’m probably the only person in the world that could call GR a friend, I’m the only one who talks to him after all. After seven years of seeing him weekly, we’ve gotten pretty close. He likes to act all tough and callous, but he can be a softie. I can’t tell you how many times he’s asked to hear my story. I swear he’s trying to find something to yearn for, looking for his true purpose; I really hope he finds it, we sure know that it wasn’t baccarat (what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas).

I couldn’t tell you how or why it happens myself, but it does, and I’ll take it every time. I wake up every Monday as if it’s a new week and live a normal life for four days, before everything falls apart. It’s 11:03 AM and I’m getting coffee for everyone at the office. As I’m crossing the street, I see an older woman being mugged. I run up to help her, throwing my hot coffee on the assaillants. They shoot three times before darting off, leaving footprints in a red puddle. That’s when things get fuzzy. I get confused because puddles aren’t red, the woman is still screaming, and suddenly I’m warmer than I’d like to be. I look down and realize that I’d been between them, protecting the lady from the three spreading stains on my chest. A job well done. No, I was protecting her from the shots, these are bullets in my chest! It all clicks together at once, the fact that I’ve been shot in the chest, why she’s screaming, and who’s blood I’m laying in.

As everything fades to black I’m left with one sensation. The warmth, but it’s somewhat different. This time it’s everywhere, almost like a floating cloud. I feel nothing but love for the woman, and somehow for my shooters too. It’s a strange feeling, but I accept them for who they are and don’t hold anything against them. In the grand scope, they were just trying to get by like we all are. The darkness in their hearts may have clouded their judgment and guided them awry, but I feel a cosmic understanding and loving. That’s the way to be happy, is to love unconditionally, everyone.

Every week, I get to spend four days back in this world, trying to spread my message of Love, before I get to greet an old friend with a smile once more. I don’t know why or how I was chosen, but if I can generate more love and positivity in my time here, then I’ve spent my four days well.
***
One of my first submissions, any advice helps!