As usual, I begin my evening by prepping.  I’ve got to put the clean nozzles onto the taps, slice the lemons, etc…  It’s not a difficult job and so I enjoy the routine before the rush.

Before I’ve really hit my groove, however, a customer walks in.  I must have left the door unlocked or something because I’m not quite open, but I figure what the hell.

“Good evening welcome to the Ming!  How can I help you?”

“Well…” the man looks around for a moment seeming a little confused before saying “Honestly I thought this was a Thai massage parlor.”

“Yeah” I reply, “we get that a lot. My wife Chana runs her business above mine so we have the same address.  She’s not in right now but you’re welcome to wait.”

“Sure I can do that.” The man says as he takes a seat at the bar.  “Just give me whatever you have on tap.”

As I fix the man a pint two of my regulars arrive.  It’s a bit early for them.  I finish heading the stein, slide it to my customer and excuse myself to rush to the back.  Normally I’d have already finished prepping.

As I rush out of the back, the guy at the bar is watching me rush towards the two new customers’ table.  I get there just as they are sitting down.  When I return to the bar he immediately asks me what that was all about.

“Well” I say, breathing a bit hard, “the guy on the left is named Past, the guy on the right is named Future.  Future waits for no man and without his present it’s just too tense.”

The man opens his mouth, then closes it, gives a small chuckle and takes a drink.  I shrug and go back to my prep work.

I hear the door bell tinkle and look over my should to see… nobody.  I’m about to turn back to my work when the guy waiting for his massage starts freaking out.  I turn around to see him climbing on top of my bar.

“Hey! What the hell are you doing!?” I shout.

“There’s a snake climbing up the chair next to me!” the man yells in a shaky voice.

I lean over the bar and sure enough there is a large snake curling up on the stool next to the one my customer was seated in.

“Goddamnit Jerry I told you not to come back here!”  I yell.  I walk around the bar, grab the snake and toss him back out the front door.
As I return to the bar my customer, just now returning to his seat, asks: “Uh… you talked to that snake like you knew him and he could understand you.”

“Oh yeah, Jerry understands me just fine.” I reply as I go back behind the bar.

The customer thinks for a moment and I can tell he has something on his mind so I pause and wait for it.  “So… why did you throw him out?”

“Are you kidding?” I scoff, “no snake can hold their liquor.”

We stare at each other for a moment but as it drags out I just shrug and return to my prep work.

Meanwhile another customer has entered and seated himself next to the first.  After a few minutes I hear the guy with the beer trying to start up a conversation.  He tries several different introductions, but none of them work.  I glance over my shoulder and notice who it is.  I start fixing his usual drink and a fresh pint for the guy waiting on the massage.   All the while the first guy keeps trying different things to get my regular to talk to him.

“Bud…” I sigh as I turn and place the two drinks on the bar “that’s one of my regulars.  His name is Helium and he doesn’t react at all.”

I turn back to my work and after a few moments the guy waiting for the massage giggles a little before tucking into the new pint.

The door bell tinkles again.  I turn around and set a bowl of peanuts down between Helium and the guy waiting for a massage and get a good look at who just came in.  It’s three letters, a C, an e and a G.  The C and the G are dressed in tuxedos but the e is just flat.

“Sorry,” I say to the e, “it’s illegal for me to serve minors.”  He leaves and the C and G sit at the bar.  The bowl of peanuts says to the two “You both look sharp tonight.”  I set an open fifth between the two sharps.

The guy waiting for the massage, trying not to laugh into his beer, asks “Did… did the peanuts just talk?”

“Yeah.” I reply, “They’re always complementary.”

The guy loses it mid-pull on his beer and some of it splashes on his shirt.  He rushes out to his car to grab a fresh one and when he comes back in he asks me why the parking lot is full of delivery vehicles.

“Well” says I, “all of my regulars are jokes.”

“Ok…” says the man “but why are they all driving delivery vehicles.”

“Don’t you know.” I reply.  “The most important part of every joke’s delivery is the Thai Ming.”
