The last black hole in the universe evaporates in a fleeting puff of light and decaying protons, and I reap the lives of the last things that will ever exist.  They were strange beings, information-based entities that lived in the quantum mathematics of an event horizon.  They had long been aware that their home was slowly dwindling away, but they had never been able to understand the reason, let alone reverse the decay.  Who could explain Hawking radiation to creatures that literally could not distinguish space from time?

As the brief glow fades, I feel the presence of my twin.  She is dressed in white and green, and wears the form of some bipedal species that died, by their own reckoning, some 10^37 years ago.  She has been crying.

"That's it.  You've won," she says.  "I knew it was inevitable, but ..."

"I've won?" I repeat.

She glares at me.  "You're gloating now?"

I make a pacifying gesture.  "No, not at all, sister.  I was simply surprised.  You honestly believe that I am the victor?"

"Aren't you?" she says.  "Everything's dead."

"You mean ... you don't ... all this time ..." I say.  I cannot find the words.  My sister looks at me as if I've gone mad, her sorrow forgotten.  "Sister," I continue, "do you truly not understand?"

"No," she says.  "Explain yourself."

I gesture at the fleeting discontinuity in the background radiation that is all that remains of the blackhole.  "Life existed up until the end, until the very moment it couldn't.  In the first moments after the creation of the universe, there was life, crawling out of the quark soup barely a quadrillionth of a yoctosecond after there was even such a thing as time.  They died, of course, poisoned by the coalescence of Higgs bosons — but were there not others that took their place, and others that took their when they passed on?  Life based on hadrons, on leptons, on baryons ... on the holographic information in the event horizon of a black hole."

"Yes, but ... but what is your point?" my sister says, confused.

"That there was *always* life, dear sister.  From the first moment to the last.  No matter how hard I tried to destroy it, to cleanse the universe of your creations, they survived.  You think the outcome of the game is defined by this single moment?  No, sister.  Every moment that the universe existed, that there was life and love and hate and all of the horrid squelching business that went along with your disgusting little creations ... *those* moments defined the game.  And every one of those moments was yours.  Every single one.  Do you not understand, sister?"

"Are .. are you  saying ... ?"

I laugh.  There is nothing left to do but laugh.  "Yes, I am.  You won, sister.  *You won*."