It wasn't the fellow surviving humans that made them return, it was the precious extra terrestrial technology they're now prepared enough to take. 

Centuries ago, the wealthy have left the poor in search of refuge in a distant star. The final space shuttle took off a week before the supposed arrival of the aliens, a Hollywood fear now brought to life. 70 percent of mankind stood on earth, awaiting whatever the aliens were about to do to them. Enslave them? Rob their resources? It didn't really matter, there wasn't anything they can use to put up a fight. The rest of mankind were doomed, while the rich businessmen and presidents-and perhaps a few doctors and engineers - search for a new home as Neo-Humans.. but they never found any.

On March 15th of 2638 CE, on board ship Zeppelin N19, the project to liberate Earth, originally planned to begin merely a few decades after the alien invasion, was finally declared to begin by General Rimm VII. The 4 billion population of humans, separated on 200 different space ships, were overwhelmed with joy. They had dreamed of a planet as beautiful as Earth, their planet of origin that their ancestors had told them about. Now they can finally breathe real oxygen.. real air, produced by real trees. 

After 5 months of travelling, all ships had finally gathered at the orbit of planet A0001. The beautiful, green planet with perhaps millions of colossal alien satellites around it. This is it, their technology will be ours, let their blood spill on the ground and their home planet invaded. Everything they've done to us, we'll do to them. But General Rimm VII didn't  bother to think about the possibly enslaved humans, he only followed what Neo-Humans had planned for centuries. 

Zeppelin N19 finally got into contact with the systems on Earth. All of Neo-Humans' army were prepared to destroy the aliens without mercy. 

"This is General Rimm VII speaking. We were the original inhabitants of this planet and we've come to liberate it. If you refuse to stand down your technologies we will rip your species apart. We had evolved enough to take on whatever you possess now. Surrender and no harm will come to you." The general said through the intercom, though he knows well the alien species will be met with laser beams and fire.

"This is Supreme Master Yiddh speaking. It seems you are speaking Old English. We are using our translation chips to communicate with you. No, we will not stand down to your technology. We had occupied the weapons of the Vollutra and defeated them. We had used their ships to invade their planet and killed every last one of them. Your so called 'liberation' with the technology you currently possess will be rendered useless against ours. Our ancestors had warned us of your return, they had told us of your wickedness and greed. You had left them behind to suffer, but they had defied your expectations. You Neo-Humans will never be accepted here again on Earth. Leave and find a new planet, that's what your ancestors originally desired. They never had any real plans to save us, they only desire the technology of the Vollutra." the voice speaks through the intercom.

The General and everyone at the communication room were shocked, it couldn't possibly be the humans. They had surely become extinct if they were to try to fend off the alien invasion at this point. 

"Oh yes, another thing." The voice spoke again. "Us real humans have occupied enough space on this planet. We have large acres of lands for each family, here and outside Earth. So that's another reason for you to go somewhere else."