I stared out onto the vast swaths of nebulae draped across an infinite void, my eyes darting for that familiar disc galaxy known once as "The Milky Way". A naive name born out of innocence, to be sure, but one that I held dear.

The Milky Way. Oh, to return to my cherished home again. I would fly into the human Solar System, into the third planet's atmosphere. Earth. I couldn't wait to get there. My robotic arm twitched with anticipation.

"How long more, Svard?" I asked through a node in my metal arm.

"Two minutes, sir," the Gradian, my fleet commander, replied in his native language. I nodded my approval.

Two minutes. Two minutes and I would be back on my home planet, after being away for almost thirty years now. I bet they'd thought I was dead. Ha!

Fools.

Two minutes away from home. Two minutes away from my sweet, long-awaited revenge. I smiled once more, catching a glimpse of familiar constellations in the distance. We were close now. Like a bloodhound, I could smell them. And I would destroy them.

Eventually, the inky black void blurred into blue sky. Our fleet, spearheaded by my commanding ship, headed for America's CIA headquarters, near which they had built a landing ground for ships such as ours.

And then the ship was perfectly still.

I took a long breath and opened the bay doors, at first blinded by the sunlight. A few of my guards marched out on either side of me, then the rest of my fleet. I grinned with delight - a human was running towards us.

"Excuse me," he said, breathless from sprinting. "I don't believe you have an appointment at this time."

"I want to see the Head of Affairs," I said firmly. It was a line I had rehearsed many times, and it's effect on the poor man was great. Perhaps he was also frightened by my bulky suit and many metallic parts.

"I'm afraid that's not possible," He held his ground. Obviously I expected this - he had extensive training with aliens no doubt. *I wasn't considered a human anymore*, I realised. But the hardness in my face returned. *To hell with humans.*

I raised my fist and in one swift motion, my troops cocked their plasma guns. I could hear the simultaneous whirr of their fusion containers roaring behind me.

The man widened his eyes and pressed a button on his earpiece.

"Head of Affairs, please."

\---

I recognised the tubby figure ambling towards me easily. As he got closer, I could make out his face. He had not aged well. I, on the other hand, had the power of potent interstellar drugs on my side. I smiled at the canister embedded into my metal arm, holding a glowing purple liquid.

I stared at him, smiling wickedly. He stopped running when he realised who I was.

"Jamie," He whispered.

"Rupert," I bellowed, the Arkaani beans I took earlier deepening my voice.

"You're back."

"Yes. From your banishment."

"I'm sorry. I was acting under official orders."

"No, you weren't. You're the boss, we all know that. And out of all the veterans you could have chosen to trade, you chose me."

"Jamie-"

"Your oldest, most loyal friend."

"Listen, Jamie-"

"Who was out on the streets because of the banks screwing him over..."

"Jamie! Listen to me, dammit!" His face was flushed red and stern. He looked almost comically small from my point of view, towering over him thanks to my suit.

"I'm sorry," he began sheepishly. "I'll make it up to you."

"You sent me to the Jasbk Rings to die."

"Hey! Hey, what would you think, right, of a... of a mansion?" He was desperate and wide-eyed, like an animal. "Right? A big one, in the centre of..."

"Shut up."

He shut up.

I raised my fist again, and two of my soldiers carried him off, screaming and kicking into a pod. He was hysterical and pounded on the doors like a fool. I walked up to the transparent pod.

"What are you doing? Where am I going?" He shrieked, pounding on the glass where my face was. "You're a fucking lunatic!"

"You're going where I went."

He paused for a moment, then his face contorted in horror when realisation hit him.

"Please! I won't survive a day! I'll be tortured in the-"

"I know, bud," I smiled and leaned on the pod, then I pressed the button. The pod started up and rocketed slowly into the sky, Rupert's screams still echoing across the landing ground.

"What now, sir?" My second-in-command asked me politely. "We've gotten revenge."

"No," I laughed and turned to face it. "That was only the start of it."

"Now, we conquer the world."

&#x200B;