"One caramel macchiato. *Extra* caramel."

Just like that, the most normal part of my day was complete. As the barista handed over my steaming cup of coffee, adorned with a lopsided smiley face, I rushed from the coffee shop to work. I was running late, and in no way did I want to face Madame Black without enough time to plot my route of avoidance. A fear of spiders was not favorable in my position, but it was human, and as a human employee, we had both our strengths and our weaknesses. 

One particular weakness that flitted through my head, as I hurried across the street towards the parking garage, was the company's oversight of magical portals. Perhaps coffee was not on their top priority list, or perhaps they simply lacked common sense, or even an eye for practicality. But anchoring an entrance portal to the only coffee machine in the office was a major no-no, in my books. 

"Why don't you file a report to administration?" Arla the Orc had snorted, rolling her bulbous eyes, "I'm sure they're perfectly democratic here. Or maybe they'll just light your ass on fire." She then chortled, a sound that echoed through our dungeon like a curious cross between a boar and a chirping bird. After that, I chose to keep my complaints secretive. 

I ran up the twisting spiral staircase, a balancing act with my hot coffee in one hand as I wobbled on my heels. My job failed to account for the very real human magic of balance, I mused, as I finally reached the ninth floor. Panting, my heart hammered in my chest while I knocked on the door. *Once, twice, three times fast, fourth and fifth, make it last.*

Silence greeted me, the parking garage empty and deserted, the door still sealed shut. The number 9 was eroding, a once bright scarlet that now faded into the color of rust. The squeak of mice permeated the air, the entire floor curiously wet and soaked, smelling of droppings and decay. 

Then—the door began to vibrate. It started as a low thrum, perhaps something any human may overwrite as a figment of the imagination. Then the thrumming increased in intensity, a vibration that was so strong it flooded my veins, causing my very bones to feel as if they were swaying to some primorial rhythm. This was not some low-grade earthquake—this was from within, as if my ribcage were pulled from my body, being strummed like some ancient instrument.  The vibrations extended to my mouth, an undulating echo that tickled my gums. As if on queue, I shut my eyes to lessen the pulse in my head, as if the thin fingers of a hand were wiggling my corneas on its prickly fingertips.

I opened my eyes. I was in a metal dungeon.

That's exactly how it looked, save for the fact that there were cubicles, the dungeon bustling with people—mortal and mythical alike.

I waved to Arla the Orc,  who had just watched me apparate.  The green woman snorted in amusement, her eyes upturned to oversized crescents in her wide, leathery face. 

"Coffee didn't make it today, Prim?" She teased, and I cursed internally, looking down at my empty right hand. 

I still couldn't get that down right. Actually apparating food and beverages with me. Most days I would end up emptyhanded and starving in the dungeons, unwilling to share the scraps of raw meat the orcs ate, or the other dietary preferences of my coworkers (steal some of Madame Black's wriggling flies? How about the witches' mice brew? No thank you).

"One day I'll get it right." I brightened immediately, plastering a smile onto my otherwise disappointed face, nodding towards Arla. "I did manage to bring *this.*" 

Out from the pocket of my jeans emerged a thick, rolled newspaper, dated with today's date: *April 4th, 2028.* 

Arla's brows rose (well, what I imagined to be her brows, the vast emptiness between her eyeballs and her wide, shapeless forehead) and she nodded slowly, clearly impressed. 

"Keep that up, Prim, and we'll be testing *you* as a witch." She cackled and snorted simultaneously, before trudging away. 

I focused back to my day, running the errands through my mind. *Right. First thing's first. Go see Harry.*

I walked towards his office, a simple steel door embedded in the dungeon's sloping metal walls. It did not have a handle, nor did it have any kind of window to look inside. As I waited for a response, I dug the balls of my feet nervously against the floor, heels clacking. We were allowed to carry weapons at work—though I wasn't sure how effective mine were in particular. Could I really use my pistol effectively against a god in self-defense? Wouldn't he simply shrivel the bullets up by sleight of hand, his telepathy overwhelming any sort of defense I tried to pretend that I had? In my pockets, I also had several syringes, given to me by my wizard supervisors. I had never used the vials, yet they had curious markings on them; one emerald green, emblazoned with a white skull; another bright aqua, adorned with a bird; the last red as blood, with a bat symbol. 

I wasn't sure what they meant, yet I knew they were effective. And if I had to fight something immortal, something that could squish me like a roach beneath its pinky, I needed some vague semblance of a chance. 

"Enter."

The voice resonated through the dungeon. I glanced swiftly about to see several people pause their conversations to stare at the metal door—some with their brows furrowed, others with admiration of the power within. 

*Oh, to be immortal,* I lamented, as I pushed the door open with the palms of my hand.
