"Yes it's me, the man behind the myth," I announced with a dramatic bow. I was always one for theatrics, it was the only way to entertain myself down here. The weary travelers looked up at me. Confusion and doubt spread over their faced. One even looked angry almost. I couldn't blame him. The hike down the aptly named Hell's Drop was long and tiring. I knew the rumors about what waited at the end - the answers to life's greatest mysteries, buried treasure long forgotten, some said the gate to Hell itself. And all these people found was *me*. Not that I wasn't a sight to behold. Once I was the most beautiful of God's angels, though I guess that's hard to see in the darkness of this cave.

"And you're supposed to be...?" the angry one asked.

"I have many names. I suppose most people know me as the Devil." 

"Right, *your* the devil," said another. This was a rather young group of people. College students, maybe. "If you're the devil, why aren't you in Hell?"

That was a new one. Usually people asked me about my appearance. *"Oh, but the devil has horns?"*

*"Everyone knows the devil has red skinned and shriveled bat wings!"* 

*"Oh, where's your pitchfork Lucy?"*

I don't even know where these versions of me come from. It's like, you disguise yourself as a serpent one time to mess with some idiots and the world sees you as a monsters forever. 

Hell was a good question, though. I suppose people expected it to be more than this; a tiny antechamber in a cave full of rocks and bat droppings. "This is Hell."

"This? This is Hell?" a girl asked. Girls started coming down here, oh, a hundred years or so ago? In my banishment from the human world I had almost forgot they existed until one day a girl accompanied a group of explorers. Good going God on that one, make half your humans treat the other half like shit. And that's not even getting into the whole race mess. I told him everyone should just be the same formless blobs. Did he listen? no. 

"I like to think Hell is wherever I am. The opposite of Heaven. That's all I strive for." 

They all looked at each other curiously. One finally piped up. "Your the only one here...does that mean no one goes to Hell? Do we all just, like, rot in the ground?"

I sighed. It always came to this. Sooner or later people made me talk about Heaven and the big G upstairs. I leaned back on my throne - okay, vaguely chair-shaped pile of thrones. I did have normal furniture, things I convinced people to collect for me over the years, hidden away in the maze of tunnels. But that was my special place. I had to keep up appearances of King of the Damned. Which was, to say, king of no one.

"No you don't rot in the ground, idiots. You think God would take all that time making you for *that*? Nah, you all go to Heaven. If you can call it that."

"What do you mean?"

"That place is an absolute shit-show. First of all, it's crowded. Do you have any idea how many people have existed throughout the world's exist? A ton. Not to mention, everyone's so mad. Imagine being a puritan, living a dull, boring life of penance, enjoying your time on that big fluffy cloud, when all of a sudden a bunch of flapper girls come in with skirts barely past their knees? You start to get a little pissed off. Not to mention when the guys who killed Jesus showed up. *That* was awkward."

"Are you saying Heaven just . . . sucks?" 

"Oh, big time. You have no idea. You got all the racist people grouped together, all the sexist people. A whole street dedicated to Muslims, another to Catholics, you got Quakers just chilling minding their own business. This one guys supposed to be a real asshole, I forget his name. He started like, World War Two or caused a Holocaust or something? Whatever. It's a good thing Hell don't really exist, I guess that guy never shuts up."

"Oh shut up," one kid said. I think it was the angry one from early, but who could tell? They had shuffled around since entering and humans all looked the same. "You're just jealous cause you got cast out of Heaven."

"Cast out?" I roared with laughter. It scared them a bit. Good. Humans could use some fear. "I escaped. But that's enough telling you about heaven. You'll see it soon enough."

I snapped my fingers, and all their flashlights went out. One of them screamed, and the girl tried to calm him. My laughing echoed through the tunnels as I ran deeper into the maze. 