Apologies if there are mistakes, I'm typing with my phone.

I am suddenly jolted awake by a loud sound coming from my backyard. It's late and the full moon does nothing to help me see. Throwing on some shoes and a jacket (it gets chilly in March) and trudge carefully outside with a flashlight I grabbed from my bedside drawer. Looking around I see a small crater radiating heat with some embers scattered around. I hear a few beeps and a soft buzzing sound coming from said crater. Taking a few steps closer I shine my light into the hole and what I saw shocked and confused me.
"A....Roomba? With a knife attached with duct tape? What on Earth?"
Jogging back inside I grab an extinguisher and blow out the residue flames and cool down the machine. Putting it to the side I carefully pick up the Roomba to inspect it. It's still in pristine condition. Why is it so familiar I wonder? Taking it inside I place it on my kitchen table and make myself some tea. It's going to be a long night. After my tea is finished I look over the Roomba once more. There is a military rank on the top, the rank of Sargent. 
"What the fuck? Why do you have a rank?"
It suddenly buzzes to life, whirls around before moving across the table toward the edge. Reacting quickly I place it on the floor. It moves around cleaning. I don't particularly mind as my own Roomba recently broke. To tired to deal with this I head back to bed after placing it on the charging station. The next morning I wake up to my roommate (who is an alien, it's the future not the 21st century) swear in pain in his native language. Rushing to him I ask what's wrong.
"What's wrong!?" He shouts. "Why the fuck do you have a knife Roomba!? Fucker just stabbed me!"
"Chill, it's not that deep. I found it last night after it fell from space in the yard. Apparently it's a Sargent."
"You expect me to believe that?"
The Roomba whurrs and moves on. I feel a strange sense of pride for it. Odd.
"Believe it or not it's still cool. I'll send a message about it to dad. He's still on his space mission so it might take some time for a reply."
"Whatever. It's not the wierdest thing I witnessed from humans." 
He heads to the bathroom to fix the wound. Fast forward a few days I get a package from my father. It's a care bot from his shift. After activation it goes through the normal process of registering me as it's master. Once done it goes to clean the house. After some days pass I notice every time it passes the Roomba it steps aside and salutes untill it leaves the room. What the fuck? Seriously confused I send a message (which I forgot to do before). I get a reply back two days later. 
It reads: Dearest daughter. I'm glad you like my gift. It took some time to aquire it as it is a somewhat older model from our ship. As for the Roomba, that's Sargent Stabby. He is the quartermaster for all automonous drones on our ship. In his memory you can read all logs and achievements he aquired which includes how he became quartermaster and rise in the ranks. My favorite particular memory is when he saved the ship from a covert enemy boarding attempt. We held a proper and honorable funeral for him thinking he died after disappearing. The crew is glad he is still alive as everyone loved him.  Show him some respect as he is a highly valued member of out ship. If your wondering how he got there it was on accident and pure luck it landed near you. Turns out a new guy named xedru accidentally sent him out into space towards Earth and was afraid to say anything. Anyway, we still get transmissions from Sargent Stabby so tell your friend we are sorry for the injury and to not take it to heart. That's all and have good time until our next talk.

"......what the fuck? That's what you were talking about when you mentioned an officer stabbing crewmates at random in previous messages!?"
Going to the Roomba and checking it's memory files I laugh at how it all started. Someone thought it would be cool to duct tape a knife to a Roomba and just let it wander. I'm not surprised, humans are weird like that.

(If anyone is interested this is where I read about Sargent Stabby before seeing this on Reddit. It's a riot be to read.   https://pin.it/iqn3scdylj22rc   )
