As you breathe in your final breaths, you begin to wonder what may come after. If nothing else, you can at least relive your memories one final time. Welcome to WatchMojo.com, and today we're counting down the Top 10 Moments of your life! 

For this list, we're counting those moments that were both memorable, and influential for the rest of your existence, for better, or for worse.

"Oh my god! What did you do?!"

Number 10: Your Birth, 2025 AD. 

"Waaaah-waaaaaah"

This one is a no-brainer, as your birth welcomed you into the world, everyone greeted you with open arms, even your father, who we would soon come to find out wasn't so fond of you after all.

"Please stop hurting me, Papa."

We put this so far down on the list since you can't really remember your birth, but it still started what came to be a great adventure.

"Eh, it ain't so bad."

Number 9: Your first kiss, 2037 AD.

"Was that...okay?"

Ooooh yes it was. Coming in at our number 9 spot, is the time you kissed Jennifer Argodopolis at the Jefferson Middle School Winter Snow Ball. This moment signified you fully coming out of your shell, and being comfortable with who you were. At least that point.

"Yeah...it was good."

Number 8: The Assassination of President Zang Chun Li, 2053 AD.

"Target In Sight."

The climax to the "Operative" saga, this was the moment that cemented you as a certified American Hero. The Assassination of Chinese President Zang Chun Li may not have brought any peace to the Chinese Communist Regime, but at least you stopped any threat of global thermonuclear war. G.I. Joe ain't got nothin' on you.

"Happy New Year, motherfucker."

Number 7: Shiner Reflection, 2039 AD

"YOU LITTLE SHITSTAIN!"

After a particularly brutal beating from your not-so-awesome dad, you looked in the broken mirror your father had just bashed you into, and saw the shiner he'd given you. It was at that moment, you knew, he fucked up. It may not have been the next day, or even years from then, but you knew, you would have your revenge.

Number 6: The day the bombs fell. 2055 AD

"They did it. Son of a bitch, they actually did it."

Weeeeell, shit. Two years after President Zang Chun Li's Assassination, the world erupted into thermonuclear war, preempted by a nuclear test over Japan, by the new Chino-Korea regime. You miraculously survived, but most major cities diiid not.

"London...New York...Vancouver...it's all gone."

Number 5: Sins of the father, 2053 AD.

"I just wanted to wish you a happy father's day, you shitstain."

After you successfully assassinated the Chinese President, you recieved a hero's welcome when you returned home. You were also informed of your father's terminal illness. When you went to talk with him, however, his reception was as cold as his heart.

"You ruined me..."

Number 4: Penguins!, 2030 AD

"Are they farting to make them swim faster?"

One of the happiest times you remember is seeing penguins for the first time. One of the few happy memories on this list, this is where you always went back to in your mind, to achieve peace.

Number 3: King of the Wasteland: 15 AAD

"KNEEL BEFORE YOUR KING!"

"HOORAAAAAY!"

A decade and a half after the bombs fell, the survivors built walls around the ruins of the world they once knew, and began to rebuild. This entire movement was, of course, led by yours truly. With the right amount of leadership and support, you were crowned king by your followers. A title you gladly accepted.

Number 2: Meeting your match, 2043 AD.

"Well, let's say I did think you were cute..."

Ah, Jenny. How we miss thee. Sexy, sarcastic, but sweet, this bombshell was seduced by your, ahem, "unique" brand of charm...

"Well I was thinking we could go back to my place, **or** we could fuck right now in a Denny's bathroom."

...and followed you through the radioactive fire, until differences in political views made her your greatest rival. Ah well. Better to have loved than lost, amirite?

"You are hereby banished from my kingdom...I'm so sorry, my love."

Before we reveal our top pick, here are a few honorable mentions:

-The Assassination of Jenny

"I'll never stop loving you, Jen..."

-Gearing Up

"DARKNESS! IMPRISONING ME! ALL THAT I SEE! ABSOLUTE HORROR!"

-Mom's death

"Nothing can protect you now..."

-On The Run

Number 1: Father, 2053 AD

Nothing fancy about this one, just good old fashioned vengeance. Not wanting to be outdone by his illness, you decide to pull the plug prematurely on your father. And by "pull the plug," we mean "stab the heart." 

Sneaking back into his hospital room at night, you decide it was time for payback. As you take your final steps toward the void, the one thing you remember most fondly, is exacting sweet revenge on your father. What that says about you, we'll let the shrinks decide.

Do you agree with our picks? Let us know in the comments down below, and check out new videos everyday, at watch mojo, dot com.