Instinctively, Meghan grabbed her legs as they began to shake. 

‘What is this feeling?’ She wondered. 

She looked across her living room and nothing else was shaking.

She took a deep nervous breath. ‘It’s just me.’

Finding a way to the floor, Meghan threw her arms over her legs to hold them. Suddenly the vision of her living room shifted. Her whole body was shaking now. She gripped her eyes closed as her head began to pound as fast as her heart. She felt nauseous. The last time her body trembled this badly, she had been transported. 

‘Oh my God.’ Meghan opened her eyes as her surroundings were still blurred together. Holding her body tightly she looked around at what was once her living room now transforming into a different picture. There was no mistaking it, she was definitely being transported somewhere.

‘But I have no one left…’ The triumphant look of figuring out what was happening to her was now replaced by a sunken expression. ‘Who would be calling on me?’ 

She knew the rules. Before someone dies they’re allowed to call on the people they love to cherish their last few moments. As grim as this practice was, it was comforting to say goodbye in person and to share your final thoughts. Meghan’s dad had always hated this practice. However, when he died last year and she was transported from school she was thankful it existed. Meghan’s eyes swelled with tears as she remembered saying goodbye to her father. He was the last family she had left. 

‘Whoever it is..’ Meghan thought… ‘I’ll be there for them.’ She wiped her eyes as the room stopped spinning. 

She was now sitting in a white, well-lit room filled with noise and commotion of nurses and doctors running by. There was a crowd of people hovering around a hospital bed. Standing up to get a better look, Meghan bumped into an empty hospital bed and a few people in the back of the crowd turned around. 

“Uh..hi,” Meghan said nervously. She began scanning the faces of the people in the crowd for someone who looked familiar. Then she saw her. In the corner of the room, an older woman with bushy brown hair and watering eyes looked right at her. It was Trevor’s mom, Nancy.

“Meghan… I should have known.” Nancy smiled as she used the tissue in her pocket to wipe the tears from her eyes. She stood up and walked towards where Meghan was standing. 

“Hi Nanc –“ But before Meghan could finish, Nancy was hugging her. Meghan smiled and welcomed the warm embrace.  Nancy released the hug and putting her hands on Meghan’s face whispered, “I always knew you were the one he loved.” 

Meghan’s expression shifted. “What …are..what?” She looked around and saw that the crowd of people had all turned and were now watching their interaction. She could even make out the person in the hospital bed. Meghan let out an audible gasp. It was Trevor.

When their eyes met, Trevor smiled. “Hi Meg.”
