Horst Gummel looked out across the verdant plains from the rebel's hidden stronghold on a crest of the tallest of some nondescript rolling hills. In the distance he could see the capital city. He seethed with anger.

Little happy farms dotted the valleys and new copses grew on every hill. The streams sparkled as the sun shone above their clear water rushing along once-dry gullies. The city shone like a beacon of mirth and righteousness - which he knew to be false. That feign king, the enemy of the people, had cast the parliament away before it could truly adopt measures which would prove the efficacy of Horst's own economic model. Maybe if he had resorted to violence much earlier, everyone who opposed the feign king's rule wouldn't now be dead, in prison, or in hiding.

Hiding in this wretched hole. It leaked and smelled. The workers who came to plant trees never found Asmai hiding in the ground five years ago, and the rest all ended up here with Horst over time. No more raids, no more protests. The rebel group is just a bunch of wanted persons who live off hunted game and stolen bread. He looked around at the hovel. A smokeless fire, a drafty set of windows for ventilation, a disguised escarpment outside.

There was one person who Horst couldn't decide what to think of. Terry (short for some foreign name) came and went every once in a while. He'd been planted on a farm nearby as labor, but had been a university student before. He was... a kind of sympathizer. Sometimes Terry brought new books or some lard and salt. He said things that we all hated to hear, but couldn't stop listening to. There were fish in the Thyne River, again, first in hundreds of years! The game the rebels hunted wasn't a marvel, the land was blooming with new life! Inventors and trade merchants in cities and towns had the time and resources to engage in new endeavors! The aqueducts in the southern deserts had been rebuilt and the flues lined with copper. Copper! Copper from abroad, even lowly copper was nowhere to be found before. Horst looked out at the capital city again and furrowed his brow in anger so hard that it hurt.

How could the king and his maven wife have done all this. There was no magic in the land, there were no tales of secret wealth or hidden power. What on this simple earth could have sparked such a change in Horst's home. HE knew of smoke and sickness and barren land in his youth. HE scraped by in the streets as a young man, making a living from side-hustles and temporary work. His university friends he made in taverns seemed to all know the answers to life's problems. They rose into politics and Horst became a campaigner with a knack for raising volunteers for their revolution. He mended worn out banners with his own needle and thread, rather than the knees of his trousers. The passion grew and grew until one day he woke up to gunfire.

The violent wing of the party finally had had enough. The old blood of the parliament had died off from a wave of typhoid and pneumonia and radical men and women from both aisles had flooded into open seats - but the wave washed away the moderate faction and conservatives won out those seats. Horst had made dents in the districts to little avail. The margin never amounted to a win for his side. With the old blood gone, young blood spilled in the streets! Losing the parliament meant losing hope for too many of his brethren! They made barricades from the already crumbling towers of the capital and took avenues with defectors from the Guard. But too few cannon, too few officers to lead and make tactical - or even strategic decisions. The week after the fighting started, his whole homeland was ablaze. A month later, a king was proclaimed as the rebels fell before the swords and lances of his personal retinue. The feign king made himself a throne of cobblestone in the parliamentary hall; one stone from every barricade he personally mounted in the relief of the capital.

Horst wasn't in the capital. He had been fetching volunteers from the barren "farmland" around the city he knew and loved. One took him in as the messengers radiated out announcing the defeat. Five years of forming, fighting, and losing as an underground resistance. Two years of hiding. The feign king had been busy. Horst could see it all from his little hole in a hill.

Sitting down with his back against the rocky wall beneath the window, Horst stared at the fire, fighting back tears. Wistful, hateful, tears. HE wanted to mend the land and the rivers. HE wanted to make his nation great. Everyone else in the land was happy, healthy, and apparently remarkably wealthy. It wasn't fair. The feign king and his maven wife had used all the best ideas in their own name to restore - nay - completely improve the whole region! Teams of workers lead by politically reliable captains had soon marched all over planting trees and grasses. University students with political minders along taught once-stubborn farmers how to stop trashing the natural bounty of their land with fire and plow. The industry was tame. The merchants were foiled from capturing government departments.

The sky was clear and the air fresh, blowing in a comfortable draft from the window above.

Horst saw the future in the fire he gazed at. Peace and contentment under an iron fist. Was it good? He was sure it was not. The rebels might have to flee and try to spark the revolution of human progress again somewhere abroad, Horst finally decided, before returning in force to liberate his home.

edit: a letter