"Who dares summon the prince of darkness?" I bellow as the smoke clears. I didn't add that I was not he, but his representative. An often overlooked footnote of the spell allows me to come in his place.

Instead of any meaningful answer, I just got an ear splitting shriek. I looked down, and there cowering and scootting herself backwards was a little girl in a dirty, tattered nightgown. When she stopped, her back was against the wall and her face was in the shadows, but her little knees were still clearly visible. "Oh. Sorry, sweet heart, you're too young to summon me." I said in my booming voice. I was about to turn and go back to hell when I heard a voice from the top of the stairs.

"Cindy! Cindy! Come here and get what's coming to you Cindy!" I recognized the slur of a drunk, the teetering footsteps of the man staggering down the stairs.

"Oh no he knows!" Cindy whispered. "He'll punish me." I could hear the tears in her voice. I'm a demon, but I'm not a monster. My heart broke.

The big man reached the base of the stairs and spun round, nearly toppling over before he caught sight of the child. "There you are! What have I told you about being out of bed!" he slurred and staggered towards her.

"I'm sorry daddy I'm so sorry!" she squealed as he fumbled with his clothing. I wasn't about to stand around and let this happen. I cleared my throat.

The big man spun on the spot, then his eyes raised slowly, slowly until it lit upon my face. I allowed him to process the sight for a second before I stepped forward.

"Who the fuck are you?" he demanded of me.

"Representative of the prince of darkness." I replied, taking another step forward. "I was summoned."

The big man looked at the girl, then back to me. He seemed to make a decision, and started shouting. "What the fuck is your problem, asshole? Where do you get off? Answering summons from little girls! And in my own house! Get out! Get out I say! Oh, big tough guy eh? I will fuck you up! I said I'll fuck you up!" and with that he began a wind up for a drunken heymaker. I rolled my eyes and let the blow land.

A flash and then pain. I had flown across the basement, through some old boxes and was slowly picking myself back up. This was impossible.

"Run Cindy!" the big man shouted. "Get out of the house!" He stepped to where I had fallen and gripped me by the horn. His voice went low, threatening. "You want my child, you'll have to go through me you piece of shit." He struck again. I felt the horn he was holding shatter, then stillness, then pain.

When my vision cleared he was moving towards me again. I raised a hand to defend myself, and felt a tug  at my elbow. "No!" The girl screamed. "Don't hurt my daddy!"

I will honestly say I've never been so confused.

"Get away, Cindy! And you!" The big man leveled his gaze at me. "Don't you touch my child!" There was murder in his eyes.

"Stop! Please!" I cried. "You strike with the fury of a righteous man, but you're so far into your cups."

"Judging me for a few shots when you're trying to steal the soul of a child? Cindy. Get away from it."

"Wait, you're not... You're not abusing her?" I stammered in shock.

"The prompt said I was drunk, it's not my fault you're in the one response that wasn't a revenge porn!" the big man shouted, shattering the fourth wall in his drunken wrath, then quickly turned to his child. "Honey, daddy has used some bad words that I don't want you repeating."

"Well then what was all that with the pants and the 'come get what's coming to you' and 'oh no he'll punish me'?" I asked.

"Her multivitamin!" The big man yelled.

"And I don't want to lose dessert!" Cindy added, now crying.

"But her nightgown is all dirty and torn!" I tried to back away and felt my back hit the wall.

The big man looked down. "Honey, that's why you shouldn't go down into the basement." he slurred, "you see how dirty it is down here? Not to mention these books on the occult we got in a storage auction. Now go upstairs. I need to take out the trash." the sentence would have been ominous if not for the hic that immediately followed.

Cindy looked uncertain, then scampered up the stairs. Once the basement door shut, the big man looked at me again, taking another step closer. He grabbed me by the throat and lifted me clear off the ground, then brought my face close to his. "Listen and listen well because this is your one fucking chance. If I ever catch you or your kind here again I will shove your one good horn so far up your own ass the devil will think you're a fucking pretzel. Are we clear?"

I tried to answer but couldn't get a breath out. Instead I just nodded. The big man dropped me, roughly, and I vanished back to hell.

It was much less frightening there.

Edit: words

Edit 2: like my work? Check out my sub! /r/jsgunn