Some twisted knot of fate has always tied us together. 

Millennia ago, my body was burned. The same oppressors who restrain your magic today once took flame to mine. It might surprise you now, but there was once a time when trees passed over this earth like the shadows of clouds. Deep within our woodgrain, we carried a force so wonderful it would stand your hairs on end. With it, we bred further magic. Creatures fed from our fruit and grew wings. Entirely new species of herbs sheltered beneath our canopies. As our forests migrated, magic traveled in our wake, spreading like seeds. We were the building blocks of mythology. 

But unfortunately, your people discovered we were also the building blocks of human civilization. As we were felled, so too was our magic. Fairytale starved with each passing winter, as more and more logs were placed into great burning hearths.

Eventually, all magic died out from the world. 

Except for you. 

Out of the detritus, our prophecy germinated. We left behind a single root, in whose stew rested the fate of our world. The humans outlaw its consumption. They call its powers Necromancy. We'd called it hope.  

Finally, now, your footsteps bound atop my grave. I know you're there because I taste you in rainwater. Your energy seeps into the soil with every restored life, and somehow, someway it has already restored mine. Deep beneath the ground, my ancient roots drink it in like an elixir. They stretch toward your unseen magic above the topsoil. Untold years have left me buried deep in the darkness.

I am not yet whole. 

But I am growing. 

Soon enough, the others will too.

Years pass. With every new summer sun, you tend to your magic, spreading green within and without. And with every spring rain, the water erodes away all that is left to separate us. 

Words cannot describe the feeling when my fingers finally break ground. I unearth in the middle a pathway, surrounded by deciduous thicket. I immediately recognize the schools of old. Elm. Oak. Honeysuckle. My ancient colleagues with whom I bloomed beauty. Now these trees merely creak in the wind, sapped of their souls. For many seasons, I despair from my vantage down on the pathway, but I have one fact that saves me. *Soon enough*, I think. *You will come, soon enough.* 

And soon enough, you do. 

You bound through the woods, laughter echoing among the imposter trees. A boy is with you. Handsome. Young. He chases your dirty dress as it billows its way towards a creekbed. Towards my outstretched arm. 

I trip you. Your face hits the moss with a soft *oomph*. Behind you, the boy is panting, smile stretched across his face. He has the features of a prince, and I can tell by the way you look at him you think also the heart of a lion. 

You're old enough to blush as he reaches for your hand. 

But you're also astute enough to recognize something amiss. You kick at me. You frown at the hollow thud. The boy's looking at you, confusion writ plainly across his face. With the fate of the world in your hands you brush your knees and smile. "Watch," you whisper. 

There's a moment of green electricity that is felt but not seen. 

"Avie," the boy says. "You're not *supposed t-*"

Your fingertip touches mine. My roots extend and pop.  I dig in my toes and tap into the world's pulse. 

I rise, in full glory, smiling down at you. 

"Oh," you squeak. 

The two of you are so small. 

"I have waited a long time for you," I say. Already, that earthy magic courses through my woodgrain.

Your friend bolts, stumbling down the road. 

"Father, father!" the boy screams. 

My sense of betrayal does not hold a candle to yours. I know soon enough torches will bloom on the horizon for me, but the boy has set your heart aflame. With a flick of my head, I shower you with twirly copters. As they pirouette around you, they transform into faeries. For many years down below, I drank off your laughter. It is truly a pleasure to finally hear it first hand. 

"What *are* you?" You ask. 

My bark shimmers as I reply. "I am what came before." 

I tell you everything. 

How, together, you are much more than a necromancer. How, together, we can restore the age of fable. 

It's so much to take in. But a part of you believes. It's been sprouting inside you ever since you can remember. 

"Your eyes," I say. "The exact shade of chestnut."

Behind you, the boy's screams grow fainter and fainter down the pathway. 

I extend a branch. 

You hesitate. 

"Come with me," I urge. "Let's fix this world."

Trembling, you grab hold. 

----------

r/M0zark

**Edit**: I woke up with a good sense of where this story is truckin', but my workday is so ridiculous I'll have no time 'til later :( *Lame* move, I know. P2 *will* be posted on my sub though. Thanks for reading!

