Chuck let his attention wander for the second time. Or was it the eighth?

It didn't matter. All that mattered to Chuck was that he was bored, and would likely have to keep himself entertained for the foreseeable future. Chuck swung his arms idly and hummed the theme song from his favorite cartoon. Why did Carol have to bring him along? She always brought him to the most boring places.

They were in a large room with a high ceiling. Picture windows inundated the room with sunlight, the glare reflecting blindingly off the smooth marble floors. The walls were lined with canvas photographs depicting stuffy elderly men in suits. He shifted his weight from one foot to another, staring at the laces of his polished black oxfords. He liked the way the bottom of his trousers barely brushed the tops of his shoes, just so. Still, he hated dressing up and would much rather be wearing basketball shorts and a t-shirt. Summers in Northern Virginia were as humid as they were hot, and despite the air conditioning Chuck was beginning to itch.

His eyes began to wander over the marble tiles when a glint of light caught his eye. Someone had dropped some change in the corner of the lobby. Chuck had loved collecting coins for as long as he could remember. Just yesterday his grandfather had given him a set of 1906 Indian Head pennies. Or was it last week? Grandpa loved collecting coins just as much as he did when he was a boy. Chuck distinctly remembered their dull copper hue, felt the weight of them, marveled at the fact that people had used these scraps of metal as currency over a hundred years ago.

He sauntered over to see what he could find. As he got closer, he grew disappointed. A few grubby nickels, quarters, and dimes, most with a bit of tarnish on them. Then, he saw it - a single, pristine penny flashed fire at him, glorious in the sunlight. He snapped it up immediately.

His first instinct was to show Carol his prize, but she was deep in conversation with some men wearing dark suits. Dejected, he sat down slowly as he turned the coin over in his hands. It took him some time to get comfortable. Why was he so sore? Did he overdo it playing soccer again?

Just then something curious caught his attention. Didn't Abraham Lincoln have a beard? The man whose face was stamped in profile was clean shaven. No, he definitely was not Lincoln. Was this a new coin? He could not remember ever seeing one of this type. Maybe grandpa would know more about it.

A funny thought crossed his mind at that moment. The man on the coin looked  vaguely familiar. The more he thought of it, the more he started to see the resemblance between the man on the coin and his grandfather. He was sure Grandpa would get a kick out of imagining himself - a humble Cuban-American electrician - on an American coin. The resemblance was uncanny, except for a few details. The jawline was too sharp  - Grandpa was a portly man all his life. Also, the man on the coin was clean shaven, but Grandpa maintained a well-groomed mustache until the day he died.

The sun was setting, and Chuck's mind wandered once again. He was starting to get hungry, and wondered what slop Carol would force him to hold down this time. Suddenly, a detail on the coin he was fidgeting with caught his eye. It was a penny, pristine as the day it was struck, a lake of fire and molten metal in the late afternoon sun. Perfect and perfectly ordinary, except for one thing.

The face of the man stamped on the coin was not Lincoln. *It was his father!* No, not quite...more like a mixture of his father and Grandpa. Except his father's hair was curly. The man on the coin had straight hair, like his mother's.

Just then, Carol broke him out of his reverie. "Sir, thank you for your patience. You are needed."

"*What now?"* Chuck thought. He wanted to go home. Carol gently escorted him through the light of the setting sun, into the colonnaded portico at the front of the building. A long red ribbon was draped between posts just above a marble staircase. Nearby were the largest pair of scissors he had ever seen. And upon the threshold, in gold letters: Charles "Chuck" Garcia Presidential Library and Institute."