The man awoke not with a sudden jerk, but with the gradual awakening that follows a peaceful night's sleep.  His mind was empty, but he had no desire to fill it with anything; in fact, it was doubtful that he could retain any information in the first place.

*Alessa*

The man's attention snapped into focus, centered around that one word.  *Alessa*, he repeated to himself.  It was a word, he knew that.  A name, probably, though to his mind that distinction meant nothing.  Nonetheless, he decided to start from there.

He propped himself up slowly, saying the word over and over in his mind.  He couldn't risk losing hold of it.

"Alessa," he whispered, trying out the feel of the name on his lips.  He said it once more, this time aloud.  The sound of it anchored him to the world.

And yet, he knew so little about it.  Was it his world?  Was it his *name*?  He didn't think so, but how could he be sure?

He patted his pockets, not understanding the meaning of his own action until he felt something hard.  He fumbled with them for a moment before extracting a smooth, flat cartridge.  It was completely white except for one side, which was taken up by a black rectangle.

Deciding that white was a nicer color, he turned the black side away from him.

"Do I really have to record this?" the box asked suddenly, cutting through the silence.  The man fumbled with it, startled, and it fell to his lap.  The black side pointed upwards, though it wasn't black anymore; it had been lit up the image of a face that he couldn't recognize.

The face sighed.  "Fine, fine, I'll do it," it continued.  "Hello, my name is Alkhadres, Alkei for short.  You probably know that, since I'm you and all.  I'm recording this in case I lose one of the memories which means the most to me."  His face broke out into a grin.  "Not like I'd ever do that, though."

Did this mean the man on the cartridge was him?  The man tried out the name, *Alkei*.  It *seemed* to fit, but again, how could he be sure?

He took in other details of the scene on the cartridge.  It seemed that he -- the version of him in the recording -- was sitting at a desk.  There were some detailed squiggles on a wall in the background, but he couldn't make out much else.

"Oh, come on," a second voice chimed in.  This one was much fainter, as though the speaker were further away.  It was also a woman's voice, though the man -- Alkei -- wasn't sure how he could make the distinction.  "What if something goes wrong?  You'll regret it then," she teased.

From this, Alkei was able to piece together a bit about his situation.  At some point in the near past, he had lost everything; before that, this woman had made him record a backup message.  He prayed that he had taken her advice.

The woman's face came into view on the screen standing behind his chair, and his heart dropped.

That was her!

Alessa!

...but who was she, and what did she mean to him?

"Yeah, yeah, I know," the recording of him continued.  "Make it count and all.  It's all I'm gonna have if things go wrong.  But honestly, hon, can you imagine *me* screwing up that bad?"

"Oh, shush," she said, smiling.  "I'm worried about you, you know that."

"Anyways, our name is Alkei.  Wait, I already said that.  I know, I know, I should just get to the point already."

In the present, Alkei didn't care.  It was enough just to have this video, just to see his own face and the face of Alessa.  Just seeing them interacting filled him with a strange nostalgia.

"So if you're watching this, it means a significant portion of your memory has been used to fuel a spell.  If so, then, first of all, screw you for making that decision.  You don't get to make the choice to forget me."

"Alkei..." Alessa warned.

He took a deep breath.  He was visibly shaken up, in stark contrast to the confident attitude he had projected only seconds before.  "I'm sorry, it just... I -- we -- have always hated this system.  I mean, our memories are what make us, ya know?"

Present-Alkei couldn't agree more.

"I just don't want to accept that we're in this position, though I guess if I do it right, we won't be.  So, hypothetical future me, let's try this one more time."

He took a deep breath.  "Our name -- your name -- is Alkhadres Sokratei, though you go by Alkei.  This here is your girlfriend, Alissendera, though *she* goes by Alessa.  Hopefully you haven't lost *that* much, but we've gotta prepare for *everything*, right?"

Alkei touched the screen instinctively.  He knew his full name now, and he knew what Alessa meant to him.  It wasn't much, but it was more than he had started with.

"You're 19 years old, a student at the West Athenian Technical University for the Magically Inclined, which some of us have taken to calling 'WAT'.  You're studying the use of memory to produce magic and the application of spells to restore memory, because of course you are.  As of this recording, you're 5'11" and have brown eyes."  He dropped his head and let silence take the place of his voice.

Alessa bent over and hugged his shoulders.  "I know," Alkei admitted, "that last part is pretty useless, I just don't know what else to say.  How much should I explain?  Do I talk about home?  Do I talk about... mom and dad... and Peri?  Do I talk about school, and classes, and Alessa?  Do I go even further back and explain my motivations?  Hopefully you haven't lost those, right?"

Alkei searched his empty skull, but found nothing that could remind him of his goals in life.  Could he have lost those too?  Who was he then, if he didn't even have a purpose?

"I guess I'll start with explaining how the memory system works," the recording continued.  "In order to fuel a magic spell, a magician has to sacrifice part of their memory.  Usually you can just get rid of little things, like what you ate for breakfast yesterday or the specifics of a bad movie you watched a while ago.  But of course, those don't mean very much to you, so they can only get you so far.  You end up having to sacrifice the important things if you want to get anything done.  Yeah, magic isn't exactly very popular.  Mostly we study theory and the creation of magic circles, so we can store up our memories.

"Also, everyone is required to record a log like this at the beginning of each semester in case there's a... an accident.  They tell you not to underestimate how much you might lose, so..."  He took yet another deep breath.  Clearly, he wasn't enjoying this.

Present-Alkei willed him to continue.  He had to know where he had come from, *who he was*.

"I can leave the room if you want," Alessa offered.  "If you need some time to work through this."

*No!*, Alkei thought.  *Don't let her leave, she's all we have left!*

"No," he said in the recording.  "Stay here please, if that's okay."  He looked down at the surface of the desk, studying it.  "Your parents are both gone," he continued with effort.  "Perryeka -- your younger brother -- was almost... he was... Peri shouldn't have survived his birth," he decided finally.  "Wait, no, that sounds horrible," he caught himself.  "What I mean is, there were complications when he was born.  He wasn't gonna make it.  Dad used up most of his memories to keep both Peri and Mom alive.  He barely knows who any of us are now.  Mom, well, she didn't take the news well.  It was a lot for her to handle, ya know.  I don't blame her for what she did, but... well, let's just say I'd like to forget it.  I'd like everyone to forget it.  And if you're watching this video," he added sardonically, a tear beginning to form in the corner of his eye, "maybe you have."

Alkei racked his brain again, but came up empty once more.  He could remember nothing, not even some vague sense of the pain he had so clearly felt once before.  He should've been crying, but... he wasn't.  He just wasn't.

"So yeah, you really only have Peri and Alessa now," he continued after a long pause.  "Right now, Peri is..."

There was a loud ringing sound in the video.  "Shoot," he said.  "Almost time for class, and I'm a mess."

"You can keep going," Alessa offered.  "I'll stay here with you."

"Nah," he had said, forcing a smile.  "No point in making you miss class, is there, Miss Perfect Attendance?"

"I'm serious," she said, hugging his shoulders again.

He stood up abruptly, putting a hand on the monitor.  "Time to move on," he said, and the video cut out.

Alkei lowered the cartridge, his head swarming with too many questions to process.

...

Thanks for reading!  It was a bit difficult to distinguish past-Alkei and present-Alkei clearly in the writing, so let me know if it was confusing somewhere and I can clear it up.

-ShutainzuGeito