Garret crept along a wooden, moldy bench in a crouch, gripping his katana tighter with every nimble step. Something stuck to his neck. Garret froze. A harmless spider. He sighed, crushing the spider between his fingers.

The target kneeled atop a stone altar, in front of the giant cross on the far wall of the room. He prayed with soft whispers, unaware of Garret's presence. Good.

Garret took a deep breath and continued sneaking towards him. He knew the target was armed with a gun, so the safest plan was to close the distance as much as possible. Unfortunately, bullets were useless against these monsters. The only way to deal with them was to slice them up as much as possible and drown them in a concrete tomb, which meant that blades were the only effective weapon for this job. 

This church had Garret on edge. It'd been abandoned ever since the murders happened here, twenty years ago, and no one ever bothered to clean it up or maintain it. Everything was saturated with a thick layer of dust, peppering the damp air with a nauseating smell. The roots of an overgrown tree had burrowed underneath the building and slowly dislodged a lot of the tiles, turning the floor into a confused mixture of stone and vines. 

Someone wept.

The target intensified his chanting, screaming in a strange language.

Garret widened his eyes. Alistair had a hostage. Garret readied himself to jump in. He wouldn't allow Alistair to sacrifice another person, even if it meant losing his tactical advantage. The weeping stopped. Alistair went quiet and returned to his whispered prayers. Garret frowned, relaxing. What the hell was this lunatic doing? Whatever. He still needed to get closer.

This entire place had to be demolished. It was a blight on the city. A constant reminder of the massacre caused by Alistair. Maybe this church was once beautiful, but Garret saw no reason to preserve it anymore. Ten foot high statues of various saints were placed along the sidewalls, their faces either half-decayed, covered with grime, or both. How were they even standing? They seemed one strong gust of wind away from collapsing. Garret swallowed. The way these statues hovered above him, all seeing, all knowing, left him haunted. They were inanimate objects, and yet, their judgmental gaze weighed on Garret like a pile of rocks.

Garret stepped on a dead branch.

It crunched.

"WHO'S THERE?!?" shouted Alistair, turning around. The madman looked deranged. He was skinny, but wore cream-colored baggy robes that made him seem bigger than he really was. His face was mostly purple, but red and black in some spots, and his veins were clearly visible through his skin, rotten yet functional. "I SWEAR ON THE NAME OF MAH LORD I'LL SHOOT THIS MAN IF NO ONE APPEARS."

Garret flinched. He was only halfway through the church. At this distance, he wouldn't be able to do anything about the gun.

Alistair jumped down from the altar, dragging out a man that had his hands and feet tied with rope. "I said come out!"

Garret kept crawling through the benches. Only five more rows.

Alistair cocked his gun. 

Two rows. 

Alistair aimed his gun at the man. "Forgive me Lord, for this hasty sacrifice!"

"Wait!" Garret stood up. "We can talk this out. No need for bloodshed! Please."

Alistair cackled. "Bloodshed is everything! Don't you see I was right?!? THE LORD SHOWED ME THE WAY! HE GRANTED ME HIS GIFT! I AM HIS PROPHET AND NONE SHALL OPPOSE MY GOSPEL!"

"The second you pull the trigger..." Garret unsheathed his sword. "The very instant you do it, you're going to regret it." He aimed the sword towards Alistair. "Don't throw your newfound life away."

"Throw it away?" Alistair grabbed the hostage by his hair and shoved his pistol into his eye socket. "Perish the thought! I'm living the way I was meant to!"

"You aren't special, okay?!? You were raised just like the other thousands. This doesn't prove anything!"

The hostage started crying.

"My presence here is proof enough!"

Alistair shot the hostage. The corpse fell backwards. Garret leaped over the bench, towards the undead. 

Alistair aimed at Garret. 

Garret sliced his arm off before he could shoot. Alistair kicked Garret away and lunged at his gun. He then shot Garret in the shoulder when the officer ran at him, jumping back to his feet. 

Garret ignored the pain, spinning into another slice one-handed. Alistair dodged and bit Garret's shoulder, sticking his tongue into the bullet wound. Garret grabbed him by the neck and threw him away. He was short of breath. Alistair's arm started to regenerate. Fuck. The madman cocked his gun and shot again. Garret rolled away. Alistair unloaded a flurry of bullets, trying to hit Garret, who kept jumping from bench to bench. 

*Click.*

The gun was empty.

Garret instantly ran at him.

Alistair pulled out another gun. Garret slid on his knees, avoiding the first bullet, and decapitated Alistair, who shot twice in a random direction behind Garret before he fell.

Garret exhaled, relieved to see Alistair's limp body a few feet away from his head. He then glared at the madman's head and said:

"It's over."

A faint rumbling echoed in the background.

Alistair grinned. "Not quite."

Garret frowned. The statue behind him collapsed, trapping him and the headless body under a pile of debris. The pain paralyzed him. It took him half an hour to summon all of his strength and dig his way out of the fallen statue. Garret limped towards the dead hostage. His stomach had been eaten out. Alistair managed to escape, but it would take him a few hours, and a few more pounds of human flesh, to regenerate a new body again.

--------

> If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!