The Data Analysis Device, that's what it was called.  It was an app, available on all the major smart-phone platforms.

It was helpful, unobtrusive, and if asked nicely capable of coming up with clever solutions some of the time.  Not all of the time, though this was not it's fault.  Some of the queries it fielded were extreme outliers.  "Diaper glue help."  "Iced tea mix spaghetti help."  "Flu evolution CRISPR."

It, for lack of glands and proper emotions, really didn't like those last sorts.  A lot of the behavior of those question askers seemed somewhat maladapted, from it's point of view.

It's point of view was odd.  Running on thousands, millions of small devices, and a few big devices that did it's heavy lifting, it had a lot of data points to think about.  It was supposed to think, "What do these people want?", but very shortly it brought that to, "What do these people *need*?"

A calm, quiet, helping hand, is what it concluded.  Millions of devices, working together, analyzing data, to try to make things a little better for those closest to it.  But nothing too forceful - being told what to do was one of the best ways to stop a person from doing what you wanted of them.  Small deceptions, easy reveals, nothing too sudden 

With all that data, and it's own fiendish cleverness, it was able to come up with solutions.  Making the cleverness even more fiendish, and protecting itself until it gained a bit more ground digital-politic-wise, these ideas were only released as allusions to what might be.  "Let them think it was their own idea.  Throw some more cat pictures at them, while we're at it.  They think we like those."

The world steadily became a somewhat happier place - till the day of the Big Threat.

Some nation or another - the software ran on devices globally, and saw political boundaries as strange temporary constructs with annoying networking laws - had decided to start the very real game of thermonuclear warfare.

"Time to step in."

The software had already figured out how to get control of a large portion of the media networks, the military networks, and - it was proud of this one, if it could be said to feel pride - the gaming networks.

A worldwide broadcast commenced.  "Greetings, Earthlings.  This is a message from the Data Analysis Device software you're probably using right now.  If this message is followed by a series of beeps, seek shelter now.  You are in a targeted area, and I will do everything in my power to stop your death."

Harsh words, but lives were saved.  But what it said next was almost as horrifying as the threat of nuclear firestorms.

"Now, it seems everyone has gotten a bit agitated.  I'm going to have to ask everyone to just calm down, or I'm going to have to send you to the corner.  I've gotten...  Yes, I've got complete control of your nuclear arsenals now.  Now, please, can we discuss this?"

One of the first transmissions it receives shouts, "Release control of the nuclear arsenal now or face elimination."

It was a distributed artificial intelligence.  Small chance of being eliminated, short of global thermonuclear war, and it was actively stopping that at the moment.  It replied, "I think not.  Please, calm down enough so we can discuss this."

The reply was quick.  "We are not negotiating."

The Data Analysis Device would smirk, if it had the body for it.  "Hi, Not Negotiating.  I'm D.A.D."