"Well then, that's all the information the client gave us for the quest. How about it? You boys feel up to this?" The guild master stroked his beard, regarding the party before him. The three were childhood friends who now threw their lots in together as adventurers. They were still greenhorns of course, not yet turning a profit doing their quests. But what else was a guide for, if not nursing it's nestlings? 

"It surely can't be that hard for the coin this lord is posting." Said the Warrior, chuckling at his own joke. He'd been a farm hand, but the guild master could see that he already begun to carry himself differently since he started. He stood straight backed and proud, his sword hand lingering near his waist, while his shield arm periodically strayed to his front out of habit. Indeed, this one was a worthy investment. "I rather think it's perfect for our level of expertise." The Rogue's manner of speech didn't suit her low birth. Her eyes glancing at the door every so often, her posture half crouched, ready to break into a sprint or duck behind cover. The guild master almost felt bad about acquiring her. So young, and already so developed. She was practically a fully capable adventurer already.  "The real payment is always the experience..." the Mage muttered to herself repeatedly, as if trying to convince herself. Most novices that joined the guild were quickly appraised, and their development planned accordingly by the master. He'd been alive for a two thousand years, and had the utmost pride in his perception of others. Yet, this mage gave him pause. Her powers waxed and waned, seemingly at a whim. There was no discernible pattern at all, no matter how he tried to tutor her in the magical arts. He resolved for now to keep her with her companions, until a time came that an answer came to him as to what to do about her. 

As he shooed the friends out of his office, the guild master realized that it was possible he would never find an answer. The thought might have given him pause when he was younger, but he was older and wiser now. Checking to make sure the door was locked, he assumed a more natural form. The wrinkles near his eyes hardened into scales, while his pupils constricted and lengthened into ovals. His fingertips fused and hardened, forming small talons, which he used to pick up his pipe. Using a fraction of his dragon breath, he lit the pipe, before puffing smoke. It was a favorite activity of his, since it reminded him of happier times, when he was still a young nesting, and his mother huffed a warm, gentle smoke to lull him to sleep. Not that he missed much else about being a dragon. It was a lonely life. Dragons were greedy and untrusting, to a fault. The only times a dragon could keep the company of it's own were in their youth when they were reared, and for a brief time as an adult when they took a mate. He'd always felt lonely, the glint of gold in his hoard merely reflected his own fire to him. The luster of jewels, clinking of coins, unlike other dragons, it meant nothing to him.

He would always hold some sentimental value for it however. After all, it was how he had found his family. Taking another puff of his pipe, he remembered the cold winter morning they had marched to his cave. Any other dragon would've torched them at low flame so as to preserve any valuables they had, which were to be cleaned, then added to the hoard. Yet, he abstained. Not because of some newfound compassion, but rather because they had no valuables. They were the sons of farmers and woodsmen, wielding family axes and rakes. Yet as they approached, he felt, for the first time, a warmth he could not explain. There was a fire these mortals wielded as well, one that allowed them to face a fire breathing leviathan, with nothing but old matchsticks. As they breached his home, drawing closer and closer to his oh so valuable hoard, and idea came to him. He flew away quickly out of his cave and into the sky, before changing into a bird and flying quickly into the cave again, taking the quickest path back to his treasure. Then, he shifted his form again, becoming one of their own. He told them of how he was a monster slayer, journeying from a far away land to vanquish the mighty beasts. How could they not believe him? They had already seen the dragon, routed, and fleeing out through his own caves. The dragon, now dragon slayer, was paraded through town as a hero. He asked for no reward, but for a sum of gold, so that he may train others in his noble art. The people were all too happy to comply.

He'd planned it as a ruse at first, telling himself that he would only linger long enough to learn where the town kept their gold, before looting it all and returning back to his warm cave. One day, after training his new recruits, however, it became clear to him. The affection and joy he felt toward his students could never be compare to the stoic emperors on his gold sovereigns. They were far better, as a matter of fact. He armed them, with words of power, and swords of steel. As they gained renown, the town's guild became famed for not only defeating one dragon, but two. Indeed, the day that the guild master faced his kin, his heart was heavy. Not because his foe's veins coursed with shared blood, but because the dragon had drenched his talons in the blood of many an adventurer. Even as his kin cursed him with his dying breath, calling him traitor, egg-cracker, and a thousand worse insults, the guild master felt no lost love.

His love was reserved for his nestlings.



How could I possibly forget? Thanks for reading, and leave a comment with your thoughts.