I remember the first time I saw him. It was early morning, just as the first light was leeching into the sky. I barely remember him, I was so young; only small images stand out, like grainy faded pictures. My father was dying, cancer they said in hushed tones, as if it could be summoned. I used to imagine it as a terrible tiny beast, burrowing into my father’s skin, hollowing out his eyes and making his breath wheeze. 

It was daylight when he died. Early morning. I was sleeping on our couch, tucked under my favorite flowered blanket. I remember a noise waking me, strange and choked and broken. My mother sobbing, gasping for breath like my father had. I walked in and found the family gathered around the hospice bed, no one speaking. I remember crying, not understanding why no one would look at me, not understanding why my daddy wouldn’t wake up and tell mom everything was fine, he felt fine, just like always. 

A warm pair of arms picked me and carried me to the living room. I could see him through my tears, a blurry stranger. He looked a bit like some of my father’s friends, the ones who came over to play with cards and get on my mother’s nerves. Perhaps that was why I didn’t fuss when he held me while I cried. I woke hours later to my mother gently shaking me, eyes puffy from crying. I can’t remember much of him from that time, but I do remember his eyes. They had stars in them.

I had brushed it off over the years, a product of my grief and confusion. I met him again when I was 17. My boyfriend and I had been at a bonfire with friends. We were driving back, and Josh had had a few drinks. Turns out he lied to me about how many. I was exhausted and drifting off on the way home. I woke up when my head hit the dash board of the truck.
 
I remember lying on the pavement, having no idea how I got there. There were flashing lights all around, and a man leaning over me shining a light into my eyes. I tried to find Josh, to see if he could tell me what had happened, when I saw him. He was leaning over a young woman who was resting against the steering wheel of a car I’d never seen. He looked like he was stroking her head, but he wasn’t wearing a uniform, just a weathered old jacket and jeans.
 I made a noise when I saw him, some gut deep recognition dragging it out of me. I must have passed out, because next I knew he was there, standing over me, gently pulling strands of my hair off of my face, stuck and tacky with blood. He smiled gently and kissed my forehead, the universe shining from his eyes.  

I'll continue this if people are interested!

Edit: **Part 2**

I knew after that. I knew who he was, that he wasn’t my imagination. The woman who Josh hit had died on scene, and everyone assured me that there was no one there but the police and paramedics. Oh, and Josh. He walked away with a few bruises, no girlfriend, and a lifetime criminal record for involuntary vehicular homicide. 

At the time I had been planning to go to college and pursue biology. I wanted to be a conservationist, saving the planet one badgered donor at a time. After that night I couldn’t stop thinking about him, couldn’t stop wondering about the quiet peace I found in his gaze. I changed majors and pursued medicine, graduating somewhere in the middle of the pack, securing a spot in a mediocre med school and eventually finishing my residency. 

In all that time, I was never there when a patient died. Somehow I missed it every time. I felt terrible for the anger at these blameless people for dying inconveniently and cheating me of my meeting, but I was frustrated anyway. I did a stint at an underfunded and outdated hospital after I got my coat and finally late one night I saw him again. 
I was helping in the E.R. on a horrible multi car pileup. Everyone who wasn’t actively keeping someone alive was called down. I got lost in stabilizing, CPR, IV drips and frantic calls for more blood. When I surfaced I realized almost half the people that were rushed in had died, or were DOA, but I hadn’t seen him. I remember being filled with such bitter disappointment and anger as scrubbed off the blood that had dried to my skin. 

After I changed scrubs I stepped outside for a breath of fresh air, and to check in with a few of the ambulance drivers who might know more about what had caused the unholy mess that got sent our way. It was warm still, the late July heat baking up out of the pavement, and as I walked out a puff of smoke swirled around me. I turned and there he was, leaned up against the hospital wall, smoking a cigarette. 

He wasn’t much taller than me, and was still dressed in that old jacket and faded jeans. He smiled, quiet and soft “Hell of a night we had” he said. His voice was low, like something slow and dark with just the smallest glimmer of teeth in the night. I admit, I stared like an idiot. Slack jawed and in my pink panther back up scrubs that my mother had bought me as a joke when I graduated.  “Yeah, it was a hell of a night”, I stuttered lamely. Stupidly. *Humanly*. 

His smiled widened and he nodded before strolling off across the parking lot. I finally came to my senses and rushed after him. I had no idea what I was going to say, but I never got the chance. He stepped into a puddle of shadow and never walked out. 
