I couldn’t believe it at first.

I looked around, saw everyone closing their eyes, and the trademarked frost forming on the window. I saw everyone in my age group descend into the storage room, and the floor close up after them. And then I was alone. I thought that maybe I just had to fall asleep, and it would take care of itself, so I closed my eyes. I woke up, and I was still on the ground floor. 

Then the panic started to set in. 

I realized that I was the only human left awake in the world. Everything vital was being performed by robots. I fumbled for the release switch we’d learned about, and tugged with all my might. The switch opened, and I fell out of the pod into a heap. A cleaning robot bumped into me and made its way around my body to continue its route. I pulled myself up and smacked my face. Surely this wasn’t happening, surely I hadn’t been left alone here. The facility must have backups in place for things like this. My stomach gurgled, and I found myself on the floor, throwing up the weird hibernation food we’d been fed less than half an hour ago. I wiped my face, and the cleaning robot came back to clean up my mess. 

This was real, and I was in trouble.

I stumbled down the hallway we’d been driven through, my hand on the wall for support. My vision was blurred as I’d vomited the source of nutrients that I was supposed to rely on for the next 100 years. The hallway opened into a small viewing station for a lack of a better word. There were several robots typing on a large console, monitoring the status of the hundreds of millions of people sleeping in what could almost be considered a huge tomb. I saw a candy bar on the counter, and quickly gobbled it up before that cleaning robot found it. I sat down against the wall, crying into my lap as the robots typed on. 

This was my life now, no human interactions for the rest of my life.

I managed to find the entrance again a few hours after the pod incident, and I looked out into the moonlit sky. The city in the distance was dark, and the only vehicle still at the facility was the one for carrying the cleaning robots. I hopped into the driver seat, and changed the truck from auto to manual. The truck started with a satisfying purr, and I backed into the building. I looked back, and winced as several sheets of Plasteel fell off. I took off down the road, trying to forget about the fact I was the only human left awake.