Six thousand four hundred and eighty two.

I wonder how many people can say they’ve killed six thousand four hundred and eighty two people before their 18th birthday.  Six thousand four hundred and eighty two. Probably no one at this point. Maybe some poor bastard who was already senile before the Waking.  

If that’s the case I probably killed the old fuck a long time ago.  

Six thousand four hundred and eighty two.  Maybe this year it’ll stop.  Ten years with the Gift is long enough.  Maybe God will take it back. Give it to some other 8 year old with a clean conscience. And then they can go around killing six thousand four hundred and eighty two people, then they can watch the light behind their eyes fade away, their souls slipping into fucking oblivion.  

A nice dream at least.  God damn I wish I could fucking sleep. I don’t know how long it’s been since the last time I did.  At least a couple hundred.  

You’d think they could at least leave me alone on my fucking birthday. But no, no can do. Babies to be born and blood to be spilled just to make a little fucking room for them. Little bastards. Why the fuck would you want to bring a life into this fucking hell knowing that it’s gonna be me who has the fucking send it back.  Another tally for the fucking Life Maker. 

Life Maker. Fuck. What a joke. As if me putting a knife through your throat makes you alive.  Back before the Waking, that’s what they called death!  It wasn’t till “alive” became a permanent fucking description that they had to switch them around. 

The sun is starting to come up.  Before too long they start to queue. Then it begins again. Or ends I guess, depending on how you look at it.  

Maybe I’ll get a new knife for my birthday. Hopefully shaper than the last one. Had to practically saw through the last 6. Fuck I won’t be able to forget six thousand four hundred and seventy eights screams for at least another 500. 

I hope I get a new knife.  

I wonder who six thousand four hundred and eighty three will be. I wonder if I’ll know them.  Maybe six thousand four hundred and eighty three will be the one I lose count on. 

Maybe. 

But probably not. 