I was born "evil". My mother had a home birth and broke the rules by never checking my blood. Anyone evil at birth is supposed to be killed on the spot.

Once she discovered it, she was in tears - her blood became as black as mine. Punishment for letting me live.

16 years later after being home schooled most of my life, I finally can go out! Mother always though warned me to never get hurt, to never bleed around others.

I finally understood this at 20 when I watched my mother get murdered and blessed by the world for killing her.

I haven't done anything wrong other than being born yet that was enough for the world to aim for my life.

Those who question the will of the world are all marked for it. Follow or die.

I somehow managed to register myself by lying about  how I got this way. Claim to be awful as a child and have repented. It seemed to have worked but the distrusting looks remained.

At 28 I have managed to somehow have a normal life. I'm no different from before. Just managed to overcome my stigma against people's better judgement.

Then it happened. I pricked my finger in front of my colleagues during an outreach program. It was such a stupid mistake. The looks of disgust began to set in and I began to understand why babies like me are killed at birth. My blood never changed from good deeds. Never changed from bad ones either.

We all have to check in to see if any drastic changes appear in our purity. It's such a simple way to determine if somebody has sinned majorly after all.

I smile as jam the needle into the closest persons throat. Their blood is clear and pure - negative emotions towards a natural evil is righteous after all. 
After turning the last person into a pincushion I clean myself up and walk out. The wound is still open, nothing has dripped out even now. Looking at it I can clearly see that nothing has changed with my purity. I probably won't even be suspected - idiots want to only track the gradient after all.

I see someone had walked in. After helping them to join their family in heaven I casually walk out knowing that today I finally found a hobby I enjoy.