I climb out of the depths of the darkness my mind groggy from what I thought was sleep, opening my eyes I see an unfamiliar ceiling of old timber.  Leaning forward start to grasp the fact that I am infact not at home or alone, he is standing there on the shadow of twilight. " good you have awoken" a raspy voice remarks "it is time to go." 

As i climb to my feet he moves forward from the darkness his scythe gleaming coldly in the twilight, the folds of his cloak reveal faces screaming in silent agony and despair and thats when the realization hits me "I'm dead arent I?" I enquire already knowing the answer as in front of me stands death "yes, no more questions we must go now" the raspy voice of death replies.  In his other hand he lifts an old miners lantern lit with an eerie blue fire and moves to the doorway.

We proceed on into a forest dark and still the leaves hold no colour and the air is heavy and grows colder with every step "Its here!" Death proclaims placing the lantern on the ground and hoisting his scythe which seems to grow larger with every breath.  Out of the darkness a grotesquely shaped head emerges, it reminded me of that of the dragons from the tales I used to read only the flesh was globular and rotten, the stench filling my nose and mouth making me gag  "what ever you see or hear do not leave the light of the whisp" death warns, the faces of the damned in his cloak seem more numerous now than before. 

The dragon leaps forward suddenly trying to catch death off guard the scythe swings silently removing the head as if it were mere paper the sodden thump as it struck the ground indicated it was more than such.  Laughter begins to echo through the darkness growing louder by the moment. Death turns to me and says "quickly, grab the lantern and run there have never been this many!" 
"Where do I go?" I reply 
"The lantern will show you the way, quickly now, I will hold them at bay for it is you they are here for." 

I reach forward and grasp the lantern the eerie blue light seemingly dimmer than before "hurry before its to late" the raspy voice had grown shrill now tension and fear present with every word.

Behind me out of the depths of the inky black stepped another and another i lept forward as death turned to face them I could hear the clash of metal behind me as I continued to run and run and run....