I don't remember much, just that I am. Apparently. Here, also, or so it would seem. In a house, alone. Or perhaps not. It has all been quite confusing, and now I have to make sense of it. 

At least, that's the task I've given myself for now. 

I can't be sure what I look like, but I can be sure of where I am. This is a nice house, warm and openly constructed with a pleasant breeze. The air smells faintly of salt. *The sea* whispers through my mind as I begin to take tentative steps out into the main communal space, and find that apparently I'm not the first one to this party. 

"Ah, another guest joins the game," an old man boomed from in front of the hearth opposite bay windows overlooking a large body of water. At least I'd found my elusive sea. The man was as large as his voice, and the body showed vestiges of having once been powerfully built even as it began to give way to age in earnest. A large beard ran closer to salt than pepper and engulfed nearly the entire face dropping to his chest, leaving only a pair of calm brown eyes to gave out at the world. Their gaze was warm, welcoming, and somewhere hiding under the beard was a smile, "I don't suppose you know where we are, young lady?"

Young lady. There was some new information. Good to know, if nothing else. I shook my head in answer as I gazed around the room, a number of chairs had been pulled near the hearth, and in addition to the old man a young black man, a middle aged red headed woman, and a small boy with platinum blonde hair and heartbreaking fear in his eyes completed the circle. "No, no. I can't say I remember anything, honestly. Not even who I am."

"Unfortunate, but not unexpected." the old man waved my lack of memories away as if he'd already known that answer was coming and was prepared to move on from it; but at a sharp look from the young man he relented, "Fine Henry, if you must. Ask her."

"Henry? You still know who you are?" I gasped, hope suddenly flaring in my chest before being dashed against the rocks by an aggressive shake of his head.

"No, the old man just thinks he's helping by giving us all temporary fake names," He glared at the old man, "I think it's stupid, but that's beside the point. I wanted to know, you have a wallet on you? Any sort of i.d.?"

Wallet, identification. Interesting, now that I remembered them. They'd be helpful. Running my hands across my body didn't turn up any obvious hiding spaces though, apparently I was out of luck on that front. 

The older red head chuckled a bit, "Yeah, that sounds about right. So we don't know who we are, or where we are, or why we're here. Great."

"Now, now, Sharon. No reason to be negative." I stifled a smile, I like the way this old man was going about things. But then I realized what the woman had said wasn't exactly true.

"Actually, I sort of think I have a clue where we are. That water out there, it's the sea." I pointed at the windows, "Wherever we are, we're on an ocean. Smell the salt!"

The old man whooped and laughed while the little kid broke into a broad smile. 'Henry' snapped his fingers and pointed at me, "Not bad blondie. That's the most progress we've made in hours." 

The old man smiled broadly, "Well, since Henry will run out of nicknames shortly, for now I'd like to call you Nichole young lady. You can call me Alfred. It looks like we might be together a while."