"Things were much simpler back then.

Immortality...it's been a concept, an idea, a dream of many for the entirety of existence itself. Some want it, some abhor it, some are indifferent.

I have the privilege...or rather the disadvantage of being immortal.

My body dies. My mind moves on, slowly gathering millions to billions to trillions of information throughout the ages.

Hence, I get to experience everything, from abstract to concrete. Experiencing everything gives you all the emotions you can think of; happiness, sadness, enlightenment, grief, etc. From learning how to farm and make it a widespread idea to arranging blueprints for a time travelling machine, you see it all.

The only thing that sucks about it is the pain.

Pain from an injury, pain from losing a loved one, pain from losing a war, pain from winning a war and realising that all that fighting would only brew more pain. At war or at peace, pain is *always* evident.

Now I recall how I gained my immortality...painfully so.

My life had a beginning though it wasn't from when the world was created. I ended up in the ages wherein every child had to know how to wield a sword and tamper their armour to survive. Those were the simple times. I only remember being sent to take down a group of necromancers. There were five of us in a group. We fought through the lair of the damned bastard but only I made it to the main chamber. When I got there, the necromancer simply smiled at me and offered me my friends back. Without smart hesitation, I willingly pleaded and begged.

Apparently even then, play on words were already a thing. When he meant bring my friends back, really he meant me dying throughout decades just to see them again in different forms.

But even then, they started fading. That's because of how this world has now shaped itself. There are barely any people of a pure heart anymore...and to live on knowing that is truly the most painful thing."

The press stays silent. The soldiers shiver in place, the obvious shaking of their guns aimed at me.

One brave reporter finally stands up, sweat beading from her forehead. "I-is this why you now choose to end all of humanity?"

A sympathetic smile comes to my face. "Know that I am only human yet my mere presence makes you tremble...given I've just told you that story now."

Low mumbles can be heard. I sigh. "Two things will happen. One, I succeed in eliminating all of mankind in, give or take, a month. Two, I've incited enough fear into everyone watching that chaos will inevitably ensue and humanity will begin to make itself extinct after this meeting." My eyes droop. "Take your pick."