God didn't appear at all as Johnny had ever imagined him. He stood hirsute and barechested in the most outstretched leather pants that Johnny had seen short of a Def Leppard concert.  God's hair was a magnificent chestnut brown that flowed in the air, even with no wind blowing. God pointed at Johnny with a calloused finger and said, " You've faced the rest, now face the best."

"Hi, uh... I'm Johnny, and I am true-lee sorry sir, but I got no idea who you are nor how you done fit in them britches," said Johnny. 

Lucifer cringed with as much sincerity as a Prince of lies could manage. The effect was not unlike being fed a salted lemon. 

"Ooh, newbie that was bad move. Even for you."

"WHAT? YOU'VE RELEASED THE FUCKING FURY. I AM HE WHO IS CALLED I AM! I INVENTED THE MAN WHO INVENTED THE MAN WHO RAISED THE MAN THAT MADE THE FIDDLE. I AM YAWEH MORNSTAR AND YOU WILL FEEL THE WRATH-" said Lord God, "OF MY APPREGIO."

The ground shook and Johnny could have sworn his shotgun shack was going to split in two. Violent, beautiful sounds erupted from the purple fiddle held in the hands of the Lord God. The sky spiraled into an intoxicating kaleidoscope of colors that Johnny could scarcely comprehend. Lord God began to bend his knees and swirl his hair around, forming a whirlwind of leaves at his feet. 

Lucifer watched while buttering his popcorn and though it took all of his considerable strength, he did not smile at the mastery of Yaweh's finger movements. There was no waste in his energy, and he never paused to look at the strings. Suddenly, Lord God swung his fiddle around; in his right hand appeared an ornate, tea colored bow. The fiddle began to glow with an orange light and Yaweh started to strum.

Johnny could not deny that he was meeting his maker, and yet, he was aware that the true effects of Lord God's playing were inconceivable to a human. Johnny looked back at Lucifer as sonic booms pounded against the landscape, bifurcating the trees. Lucifer had stifled admiration on his lips, but tapped his left foot in applause. 

As Yaweh finished, he started swinging his fiddle around. It played perfect notes despite not actually having anything plucking its strings. Comets exploded millions of miles away in the sky and finally, after much too long, the sound died out. Lord God was still swinging. 

Johnny forced his jaw to close by hand and ignored his sweat-dampened overalls. 
"Awright," said Johnny. "Now I'm about to get in on i-" 

THUD!

Yaweh opened his eyes just in time to see one of his wild swings crack Johnny across the head, but not in time to stop it. Johnny was splayed out on the ground with a large, bleeding lump on his head. 

"I might say you got carried out a little, but i just love your work," said Lucifer. 

"I WISH I COULD SAY THE SAME FOR YOU, BUT YOU WERE BEATEN BY A KID."

Lord God snapped his fingers and Johnny rose up as if held by strings. His blood stymied and the lump receded into his skull, and his eyes blinked open. His body turned upright as God made eye contact with him. Yaweh pushed his fiddle into Johnny's hands and winked at him. 

"Cool," said Yaweh. 

"Cool? "

"Practice with this everyday. And when you're ready, I'll know," said Yaweh. 
 
God turned and flipped his hair in a manner most elegant and stepped into a pillar of light. Lucifer clapped and slowly sank into the ground.

"Trust him, he knows what he's talking about," said Lucifer. His pinky and index finger extended into a strange hand gesture as he disappeared. Johnny could only nod.






