"It's really all about the situation."

Firefly walks down the sewer tunnel next to Incinerator. Incinerator is intently focused on the task, navigating through the filthy tunnel with his flashlight sweeping ahead of them.

Incinerator, "What are you talking about?"

"In our epic struggles between good an evil. Everyone wants to rank people.  This persons is super powerful, this person is weak.  It's not about strong or weak, it's about having what the situation calls for. What good is Perfection Person when what you need is a nice spot of calligraphy?"

Incinerator gives Firefly an incredulous look. "A spot of calligraphy? That isn't even a power."

"You're missing the point. Remember the guy with lactokinesis? Everyone said he had a shit power.  Said it so much they drove him to the bad said. Then, Bam, takes out an entire conference of hero's. I tell you there are no shit powers, not when used properly"

Incinerator and Firefly stop walking. They have come up to a shimmering field in the tunnel. On their side the tunnel is made of concrete, on the other side the tunnel is made of old brick. 

Incinerator, "OK, your on."

Firefly rolls his head from side to side.  He bounces up and down for effect.  Interlacing all of his fingers Firefly cracks all of his knuckles at once.  Fireflies fingers burst into light, glowing eerily with an inner power.

The two of them step through the shimmering field. As they step through, the flashlight disappears.  Both of their clothes change. Their modern clothes go away and are replaced be the common street garb of the 1880"s. The only light is what's emitted from the inner glow of Fireflies knuckles. 

Incinerator, " The tunnel goes under the bank about three hundred yards up, let's go."

The two start slowly moving forward.

Firefly, "and now I look pretty useful, where would you be with out me?"

"Carrying a torch?"

"Well, that's just silly, you need your hands."

Incinerator, "quite, now, we are getting close."

The two move further down the tunnel.

Up ahead the flickering glow of torches can be seen. The sound of picks and shovels come down the tunnel, mixed with voices.

"Are you sure the alarm is deactivated?", a gruff sounding henchman ask.

"It's the 1880 in my time bubble, no alarms." The Time Duke answers with condescension dripping from his voice.

"But isn't all of the money going to be old too?  I mean with inflation and all..."

"Just keep digging." The time Duke answers with doubt in his voice.

The Incinerator and Firefly come up to a wide cavern. There are three men with picks and axes making their own tunnel, while the Time Duke and one of his henchmen hold torches up for light. The Incinerator holds up three fingers, drops one, then the other. At no fingers the two of them burst into the room. 

Running  past the three men digging the Incinerator touches each of them, they fall into piles of ashes. The Incinerator goes for the Time Duke.

Firefly charges at the henchman with the Time Duke. He raises his glowing hands blinding the man with their brightness. The henchman pulls an old revolver out and blindly fires. 

The Time Duke cowers "I surrender."

Incinerator touches him and the last Henchman at the same time. Both disappear into ashes. 

The room transforms from stone and rock back into modern steel and concrete.  There is still a big hole in the wall from where the men had been digging. 

Incinerator, "Ashes to ashes. Good job Firefly, we made short work of them."

Firefly falls to the ground, blood pouring from his chest.  Incinerator kneels next to him. Firefly reaches up and grabs Incinerators shirt with his glowing hand.

Firefly, "the light."

Firefly slumps, dead.  The light from his hands dims and goes out. The room falls into total blackness.

"Damn it."





