God ordained that hell should exist on a mote of dust. A person dies and they are either set free upon the fields of heaven, or they are set free upon the city built upon the surface of an atom. To the prisoner, it is boundless: they are to an atom what an atom is to an apple, and they can wander forever and never come to the end of hell. 

So God has ordained it. 

Something happened that God did not ordain. 

A good and faithful servant was sent to hell on a mistake, a fluke of cosmic justice. A man named William who spent his life in worship, who helped every poor soul he came across, who righted every wrong he saw. How this occurred, we do not know. The Seven Who Stand Before the Throne have heard nothing from the Well. They've received no wisdom from the stars, no guidance from any means of divining God's will. 

And so, they have sent me, Nyriel, she of the third choir of warriors, to find out if God made a mistake.  

Hell is hidden in a bottle in a locked room underground, behind a door that requires seven keys to open. Each of the Seven carries one of these keys, and it is they that take me down the earthen steps to the red-steel door. Each chants as they unlock one of the locks: "Holy, Holy, Holy." 

Raphael turns to me as the others go about opening the door. "William should not be far beyond the gates. They will likely be wallowing with those that first enter hell and do not comprehend." Raphael presses his hand to my head, and I am impressed with an image of William's face. 

They open the door, and the Seven guide me into the hovel that hides hell. The bottle is kept on a small, oak table, wrapped by carved wards in the Highest Cant. Raphael and the others wrap around me, and begin to chant in the Cant, wrapping me in holy protections from God. They beseech God to guide me straight to his servant, and that resolution be found with haste. 

I close my eyes. 

The universe shifts around me. 

Two enormous fingers pluck the back of my neck and move me. I dare not open my eyes, I am shrinking so fast it will scar me forever to see the process. Other angels have done such, saying they were never the same after. 

The bottle is opened: i hear a thunderous pop as the cork is pulled, and then I am released. I fall, and fall, and fall. 

I fall for what feels like days. I still do not open my eyes. If I open them, I am lost. I must trust that God is guiding my way. He weaves his fingers through the gravitational pull of molecules, he can set my path aright. 

My fall slows, my feet touch down on solid ground. I open my eyes.

The gates of hell can hardly be called such. They are two twisted iron poles, one with a lion's head, the other with a jackal's. An emblem emblazoned on the pole with the jackal reads: "Go as thou wilt. Your freedom is yours." 

An exultation sounds from beyond the gates, and there is a small cluster of houses. There's a mound of some kind rising up from the middle of these buildings. I enter into Hell to find William. 

What i first took as exultation is actually a harrowing cry for help, and the mound of some kind is much larger than I took it for: it is a mass of bodies, spilling into the box-like buildings. There is no warmth here, no light, and everything is cast in permanent twilight. 

The bodies writhe and press against each other. Some of them are in lust, some of them in violence and rage, but they are all doing something to a fellow human. They stab, they hit, they fuck, they spit, they kiss, they squirm. Some eventually pull from the mound, and wander away from the cluster, into the infinite flat horizon that hell offers. They will follow God's final commandment to them: Do as thou wilt. 

"The Throne of Heaven is empty! They've puppeteered God's corpse to speak for their desires!" a man screams. 

"The Throne of Heaven is empty!" 

The call reverberates, echoes, repeats, warps, as if someone ran the sound through a multitude of computers and played with the dials. 

These fools know nothing. God is everything, and his will is in all of us. The Throne is not empty: it is a symbol. God speaks through it, as he does through the movement of galaxies, through the whisper of a lover, through the babble of a creek. He is not dead. 

I pull a body from the mass, a young woman with multiple stab wounds in her chest. She still breathes: they can not die here. She is naked and gray as the rest. "You. I am Nyriel, of the Third Choir." 

She shrieks. "You are so bright!" 

"I will become brighter still if you do not tell me where this man is." I impress upon her the image of William. 

"I know him! He came and preached to us that hell could be escaped. We did not believe him. We tore him apart. Three times, and then he left when another tried to have their way with him." 

"Which way?" 

She points toward another cluster of buildings, another mound of bodies. 

It is the same story there: William came, preached, was torn apart, left when they tried to seduce him. I follow his path through hell, through the pale shadows of homes, through the endless piles of humans that are trapped in hell. They scream in lack of faith: The Throne is Empty. The Throne is Empty. 

I wander for hours. No wonder they cling to each other: I am of Heaven, and even I am chilled to the bone when I stand alone. I have the infinite light and fire inside, and the loneliness of this place creeps black fingers into that, threatening to snuff my flame. 

A fire blooms in the distance, ringed by dead trees. Bush roots barren of leaves but crowded with thorns swarm the ground, and I struggle through them. 

A man sits alone by the fire. His face is turned away, but I know him for William. I can feel it. His body is ripped and mangled, likely by the thorny way that brought him here. 

"William. The Throne has sent me to rescue you from this place." 

William turns his head. "Call me Bill, please." 

"Bill." 

He shakes his head. "I can't go with you."

"I understand your mission. You came to hell to preach to those who are lost and rescue them." 

He stands, and wipes his backside of the dirt. He smiles. "No. I came to tell them the truth. The Throne of Heaven is empty." 

---------------------------------------------------------------

I kind of based this idea off C.S. Lewis' The Great Divorce, the shrinking idea made me think of it, immediately. 

more of my writing: /r/inheritors 
