Maybe 1945?? -

I realized I hadn't made an entry since we got on the sub. So here it goes.

The ship just groaned again, like an old man turning over in his bed.  Capt. Yates says it's the sound of the infinite darkness of the deep embracing you and slowly crushing you.

And the heat, you could be breathing, but the oxygen levels were so low it felt like you weren't. And the smell. My god, the smell. It was as if all 73 of us were stuffed into an old shoe worn by a marine for 120 straight days on the battlefield with some sort of festering pus-filled wound on the bottom of his foot.

We had spent a lot of time in the south pacific, but rarely had we come across a situation we couldn't handle, until well I guess it was some time ago now. I'm not sure how long. Anyhow, The alarm went off and all of us piled out of bed to switch up with those who were coming off the night shift, but it hadn't dawned on us that this wasn't an ordinary alarm. This was radar activity! We had picked up a possible jap ship on our radar. We were always excited for a chance to engage and every one of us got this feeling of eagerness to get to our battle stations. The guys coming off shift didn't even go to bed they just stood behind watching the radar waiting to see if anything would come up. Sure enough, there it was, about 9 Nautical miles to our north east. Which was almost the direction we were facing. Yates started hollering out orders to get the torpedoes prepped.

As we approached we were periscope up. We knew they didn't have radar so they wouldn't see us coming until we were right on them, but as we got closer we noticed it was not a ship we were closing in on. It was a wolf pack of jap subs and they were faced right at us. Yates was always sweaty, but in that moment he was like a waterfall. He ordered us to fire and then immediately dive down deep. So that's what we did. We didn't even stick around long enough to see f we had hit the target. We dove straight down into the Challenger deep, and we would never surface again.

Things on the ship slowly stopped working. Our clocks, our watches, our minds. Someone brought to my attention this morning that we ran out of provisions two or three shifts ago. That was how we tried to keep track of time, by shifts. We started a tally, but without any real sense of time we were confused and gave up. Our circadian rhythm had been shortened or maybe it was lengthened we just didn't know. It was as if our short term memories were completely wiped. Yates was a shadow of himself now. It wasn't his fault, we had tried everything to get back to the surface, but somehow it just seemed that we were going deeper and deeper. Hope is as lost as we are now.

This will be my last entry since we have run out of ink down here. God help us.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;