When everything was said and done, it was over before it started. The local news stations were blaring a cacophony of confusion and contempt. It was very apparent, the majority of the world was made honest, and no-one liked it. Distaste and calamity came in the form of breaking world press conferences. The World's governments were pretty much in shambles. Nations were ruined shells of what they once were. Following the almost unanimous announcements of hands in each others pockets, spies where they weren't supposed to be and much worse. 
Then the brains came in. Numbers were crunched. Stats were tracked. Of the global population it is purported that .1% can still vehemently lie. That itself wasn't the problem, It's as if people were upset they couldn't lie more than the lies themselves. This created the obligatory alphabet agency to root out not the source of these big lies that were already and have been in motion; but those who could still lie. 
When people wanted answers and none were had, the riots became more frequent. The natural course of events led to history's 2nd inquisition. 
Where do I find myself in all of this, you ask?
What was going through my mind?
How in the hell did I just walk away from a one night stand where she had to know I wasn't who I said I was last night?
That's when it dawned on me. I'm an outlier.
.1% is still a pretty big chunk of the global population, but we were outliers nonetheless.
This sent my thoughts into a frenzy.
The inquisition itself proved to be nothing more than a farse. Those who COULD lie, did it well, and could hide easily among the new unexpectedly honorable society.
I made my way to the best place I thought to use my newfound power; Upward. Upward was at the forefront of the turmoil. They had pooled the world's leading voices and minds into a large think tank and funding organization to try to pick up the pieces.
I hit the motherload as far as information, once I got in.
How, you ask? By lying of course! The entrance test is what gave me the most insight. Apparently, the only things differentiating an actual lie and the truth, was intent and belief. Automatically off the board as wholesome were agencies lawyers judges politicians etc. An overwhelming majority of people who ultimately get saddled with the most trust. It went down the line. Anyone of power was also an automatic suspect. 
This is where I really started to become confused.
Of all the figures suspected and outed, the pope a handful of scientists and doctors and the world's most wanted hacker, were some of the people that didn't get flagged at all. You'd think that science religion and politics would all get equally hit, but no. Then I remembered the intent and belief guideline, that's when the light turned on. Thinking back to the morning, waking up to ebs pumping out a breaking report and me more focused on an exit. The first person to hold a world conference was the pope. The following were from the science community then the political parties. 
It was their initial greetings now echoing in my head.
"The world is awash with lies come full circle, but science and Religion have come together to be the voices of truth and reason." 
My excuse for leaving now sounding like eerie foreshadowing, "there are some things I need to do, but I'm going to try and save the world!"
The intent was there and I had a belief of being right.

