I couldn’t get out of bed. The energy for such a momentous action fled from my summons, and if I was being completely honest, I couldn’t be bothered to chase it.

The orange bottle filled with its little white circles, my happy pills, laughed at me mockingly. Once my greatest ally, now they failed me in my fight to stay alive. 

Beside the bottle, a card, my lifeline, lay just out of reach, a single phone number printed on one side. So many times, I’d nearly gathered the courage to stretch for it and dial those ten digits, but I knew what would come after that. A stripping of dignity. The possibility of a roommate more unstable than me. A perpetual act for my wardens that everything’s all right, my life has meaning and worth and will eventually turn around. I was done with that dance.

I’d been here, what was it? A day? Two? No food and no water. I’d gotten up for the bathroom once at some point. I’d spent the time wondering if I could have done something differently, or if the enemy had simply won in a single moment of intense stupidity fueled by my manic brain. 

My sister, my best friend in the world, had indulged me when I said I wanted to go hit up the bars. We had a wonderful time, tossing back alcohol like it was water, getting hit on once or twice. We’d had such poor planning, neither of us the designated driver, and by the time our beds called to us, we were too inebriated to remember that Uber existed.

Still, my sister, devilishly smart angel that she was, made us walk to the bus stop. I, idiotic sibling that I am, convinced her to take a side alley shortcut. After all, I was invincible! Nothing bad could ever happen to me!

The story after that was predictable enough: a mugging gone wrong, my sister bleeding out in my arms, screaming and police cars.

I can still hear her shouting to watch out for that awful knife.

Arthur sprang up to place his two little paws on my arm, an explosion of saliva colliding with my nose and mouth. Sputtering, I returned his adorable, soulful gaze. He so wanted me to feel better, I knew, but I couldn’t grant his wish. He’d saved my life countless times, but there was nothing he could do to drive the enemy back this time.

At least he wouldn’t have to wait with me long. Mom was supposed to drop by soon. An hour? A day? I’d lost track of time since the funeral. Arthur had a message engraved on the large tag on his collar. I’d programmed his self-dispensing bowls before lying down, and if those ran out, maybe he could make a nice snack out of me. I could think of worse uses for my body.

I think I’m ready. I’ve lived with my disease for my entire life, and I believe I’ve put up a good fight. Maybe it’s time to lay down my arms and allow the Bipolar, death’s little soldier, its victory. Maybe then, I can find peace.

It’s time to say the words I’ve held back for so long.

“I’m so tired. Please end it.”
*****
Please be aware that if you or anyone you know is experiencing anything like this, you *should* get help. Being by yourself always makes depression worse, and the depressive phase you're in *will* turn around. As someone who has Bipolar Type II Disorder and was very suicidal several months ago, I can tell you that talking to a psychiatrist and *doing what he/she says* can help. I'm now 100% stable with my meds, and I thank my lucky stars every day that my spouse was concerned enough about me to make me go to the hospital.

Here's some links for anyone that needs them:

[Support Group](http://www.dbsalliance.org/site/PageServer?pagename=home)

[Crisis Text Line](https://www.crisistextline.org/suicide?gclid=Cj0KCQjwn6DMBRC0ARIsAHZtCeP3vrUgnDgkR-Hs863jhwmeiSWPFjyFcf8VV8xRXgwfthskMsDwSeYaApIQEALw_wcB) 

Also, if you liked this, check out my [website](https://brennancadams.com/) for past and future writing prompts.

