They will do anything to get inside of your head. "Mooooommy!" She sobs deeply reaching her fingers underneath the door. "It's not true mommy. It's not. I'm still your little girl. Please let me in mommy." I slowly reach out my hand hovering over hers fighting to get in. Her fingernails were still painted sparkly pink from this afternoons salon day with grandma. Trying to fight back the sweet memory of tonight makes tears spring to my eyes blurring my vision of the little fingers that I've gotten to know so well over the past eight years. I could smell the popcorn that Emma her sister was adamant on making. I could hear the girls shrill laughter as their father play wrestled with them on the couch before we put the movie in. I could still feel the heat of my family surrounding me. Everything was perfect until the door bell rang. 

Blue, my husband for two years now, looked up at me questioningly not wanting to speak as to not wake the two little girls curled up on our laps. Then the banging began. Loud adamant banging Jessica my youngest sat up from my lap. It's ok I said sitting her up so I could get there door. I'll be right back. The load thumping continued followed by a familiar voice. "Sam. Sammy. Samantha." A sing song voice followed by loud thumping. "Sammy Sam I know you're in there. I know you can hear me." Taunted the voice. 
"What do you want Steven?" I yelled through the door at my apparent drunk ex-husband  and Jessica's father. "I just want to see my baby girls. And I can't find my keys. Did you take them from me Sammy?" He said cooing the words just as if he was comforting a child then. "You don't have visiting hours right now Steven and the girls are in bed. So you need to leave. I was confused. Steven hadn't had keys to this house in over a year. The thumping stopped for a second thinking that he left I calmly walked up to the door to see if he had left. I peaked through the window to the side of the door just as Steven began aggressively throwing himself against the door he began to wail and grunt "did you take them from me? Did you? You dirty little whore?" I felt Blue move in behind me protectively stepping in front of me. "Girls," I said calmly my voice shaking, "go upstairs and call 911" 
Still facing the door I watched as the doorframe began to splinter from the force of Steven kicking it down. "Now!" I said as I could see from the corner of my eye Jessica standing valiantly and stubbornly on the bottom step of our two story. Characteristically hard headed just as her father is. Emma seized her younger sister dragging her up the stairs fighting. 
"Alright Steven that's enough." Blue said flinging the door opening allowing for Steven to fall sprawling on the floor of the hallway rug. Steven stood up seething his eyes not leaving me. His shoulders rose and fell with rage. His eyes didn't look right. Blue shut the door gingerly as it looked as if it was about to fall off its hinges. "What do you want?" I'd never seen him like this. Steven was an accountant, careful. He would much rather pick a lawyer than pick a fight. He was much smaller than Blue looking almost old and frail standing next to me wide shouldered husband. But tonight was different Steven was smaller than Blue but seemed somehow fuller, dangerous, powerful. Like his presence took up the entire room. And those eyes there was something wrong with those eyes. "Who are you?" Steven snarled turning sharply on Blue as if he had never seen him before, even though Blue has been taking care of our child with me for years. I stepped toward Steven to get a better look. Steven turned back on me surprisingly a smile stretching across his face. "My Sammy girl." He said throwing his arms around me and planting a wet kiss on my lips. He didn't smell like alcohol. "Get off me Steven what is going on with you. Do you not remember Blue?" You were at our wedding." Steven stepped away but kept his arms on both of my shoulders never breaking eye contact. "Of course I remember our wedding darling. Off the river behind your grandmothers house. You wore that beautiful blue dress because you said you'd already had your white wedding." The crazy look in his eyes was beginning to scare me they seemed to be changing colors from light green to dark green to brown to red. "No Steven that was our wedding. Do you remember the divorce?" I glanced up into Blues face. He looked disgusted seeing Stevens arms wrapped around my shoulders, but I could also see the concern welling in his eyes. Trying to decide the best course of action. Then my hard headed daughter came flying down the stairs into her dads arms. "Daddy!" She squealed. "Why were you pounding on the door daddy?" She could never see anything wrong in her father even after his bizarre behavior. "My darling. Where is your sister?" He said stepping away from me and picking my eight year old up and swinging her around so her night dress swing g around them. "Upstairs. She's still not talking to you.." she said matter of factly. "Daddy I got an A on my spelling test." She continued, "wait darling why is your sister angry with me?" He said I watched as his eyes continued to change becoming darker his hands gripping Jessica's shoulders a little to tightly, "what's wrong with your eyes daddy?" Then it happened so quickly I couldn't even process it. Long black tentacles sprung out from Stevens nose and mouth slithering into Jessica's. "No" I screamed. "What are you doing to her? Stop!" A sucking noise came from my daughter like he was vacuuming out her insides. Blue picked up a shotgun he had hidden behind the grandfather clock in the hall shooting a warning shot then a shot straight into the leg of my ex husband. Who turned around d retracting his tentacles and dropping Jessica onto the floor with a big thud. She began to scream painfully tears streaming down her face. She got up and ran up the stairs trying to escape the grips of her father. Steven advanced on Blue and me. I tried to get around him but his tentacles wrapped around me drawing me toward his chest as they lurched out and connected with Blue's face snaking into his eyes, his mouth, his ears sucking out the juices inside of him. I struggled the best I could but I was stuck. I reached out for anything I could get my hands on to get Steven off of us until I wrapped my hands around the hilt of Blue's shotgun which he was still holding hard to. I wrenched it from his hand and turned it into the crouch of my former husband and shot him both men fell heavily to the ground the black tentacles retreating into the bleeding out Steven. I looked at Blue whose eyes were nowhere to be found and whose mouth lay limp and open. Blood was seeping out of every whole in his body. I sobbed then turned around towards the stairs taking them two at a time towards my girls. I flung open the bedroom door to find the most terrifying sight a mother could find. My sweet little Jessica in her pink princess nightie had her hands inside the chest of her sister. Squeezing what appeared to be her little heart in her hands. Jessica looked up at me her eyes awed. "Mommy. It's squishy mommy." She held up the heart. I covered my mouth with my hand stifling a scream. "What have you done?" I wailed. "What have you done to her?" I flung Jessica off her sister. "She said that daddy was a bad person. And that he didn't care about my spelling test. But see.." she held up a piece of paper with words spelled out on them, "my teacher drew a smiley face.. I got a hundred." Shaking I drew Emma into my arms. "Stay here." I said with an even voice. I dragged the limp dead body of my eldest child from the room into my bedroom and locked it. I could here Jessica singing in the other room a lullaby that Blue had taught her. It was eerie. I grabbed Blue's phone from the side table. Glancing down I saw the warning. "Government announcement. Medical quarantine in your area. Do not open your doors. Do not leave your houses. There has been an outbreak of Ascetely 12 in your area." Ascetely 12 was a virus common in third world countries. I had been reading up on it. It was highly contagious and made victims lose their minds, but their was no mention of long tentacles or sucking out the insides of victims. "Mooooomy. Where are you mommy?" Said Jessica down the hall. "Not now sweetie." I said cringing at the sweet name. "Mommy is taking care of Emma" Jessica knocked on the door. "I want to help." She begged "not now." I repeated "not now" "Moooooomy" she wailed again sticking her hand under the door. I dialed 911 silently hoping that someone would answer but the lines were dead at the police department. I walked over to the door hooveribg my hand over the hand that I created grasping onto it then I felt it the black tentacles reaching towards me grabbing onto my ankles I stood and tried to turn around falling down hard on my knees. This time the black tentacles were coming from Emma. I was trapped, my eldest daughters chest splayed open as she stands in front of me sucking my energy out to keep her alive. "Mommy. It's ok mommy" I could hear her in my head. Emma's voice saying it will all be over soon.