"Da hell?"

When finals ended I had resolved to spend no moment of the weekend sober. One moment I had been sitting on the steps of my apartment building smoking a cigarette, fending off last night's hangover with a bottle of whiskey, and the next I was sitting in a small, darkened room.

"Where's my cig... FUCK!"

Having located my still lit cigarette burning a hole through the crotch of my jeans I leapt to my feet, hitting my head on the ceiling while frantically brushing the embers off my lap. The blow to the head, while not at all sobering, at least alerted me to the fact this room was even smaller than I originally thought. Upon closer inspecting I realized that the room was built and furnished in such a way that it may have been a grand cathedral to tiny people. As I finished brushing the remaining embers off my lap I registered small, frantic voices somewhere in the room.

"Did you see? It can create fire! This will be perfect!"

"It's huge, Dina! I don't think this was a good idea..."

"We did everything perfectly. It has to obey us, Ariel, don't worry."

Squinting in the direction of the voices, I managed to focus my unsteady gaze on what appeared to be two young girls, normal in appearance except for the fact that they were no more than a foot tall.

In a more sober state I would have asked them who or what they are, where I was, how I got here, or why everything seemed to be a fifth of it's normal size besides me. Instead, what came out was;

"Pfffffft, HAHAHA, you're so small, HAHAHAHA!"

"Demon! We have summoned you to do our bidding", said Dina confidently, though visibly shaken my my laughter. "You are under our control and we will not release you until you have fulfilled our wishes."

"Uh, okay, I'll do that. What'm I doin?" 

"You will exact our vengeance upon those who have shunned us. They are right out there", said Dina, pointing toward a tiny curtained window I hadn't noticed before. 

I unsteadily laid down on the ground. Using a finger I forced the curtains open and looked outside. This definitely wasn't the rainy Pacific Northwest I lived in. It appeared to be a tropical paradise. I looked across a tiny street to a white sandy beach. There was a group girls there, they looked much more popular than the two in the room with me. Noticing me looking back at them, Ariel said sincerely;

"They're mean. They always pick on us."

"Those bitches", I said as I drunkenly crawled on my knees toward the front door of the church and forced my way through the small opening.

As I stood up at full height, now outside in a pleasant summer heat, I could see small people and cars stopping to stare at my massive size. Spreading my arms wide and pounding my feet into the ground, I said in my best giant's voice:

"FEE FI FO FUM! YOU WILL ALL BOW BEFORE ME!"

As the streets cleared as tiny people fled in fear, I looked back at Ariel and Dina to find them smiling.

See, I told you it would work", Dina said to Ariel as I turned back to look at the paradise before me.

"Well, if this is my life now, should be fun", I thought to myself. "I hope they have booze."