I am a nightmare. 

I step through a door and suddenly, I'm coming out of a closet. I'm in a bedroom. A kid's bedroom. 

"Here you go Mr. Puddles. Now don't forget to-"

A tiny hand freezes in mid-motion, tea cup raised to a stuffed doll. The stuffed doll turns to look at me with button-eyes.

"My apologies. I didn't mean to interrupt your tea par-" 

The little girl screams at me, shaking and trembling with fear. "B-boogeey mannn!!!"

I step closer with hands in the air, hoping to pacify her, but she only screams more violently. 

Then I saw it. 

My hands were decayed and charcoal black. Suddenly the world begins to shake, everything collapsing in on itself. Soon, everything fades to white. 

Her dream has ended. "Well, that didn't take very long..." I muttered to myself. 

I take a step forward in nothingness. Doors begin to materialize out of thin air and soon i'm surrounded by floating doors of varying colors and sizes. I pick one randomly and entered. 

Another dream. Another nightmare. 

I'm in a cafe, and I could see pedestrians walking with purpose on the streets outside. A waitress steps up to me.

"What can I get ya?" she says with a gentle smile. 

"Hey babe! Over here!" a man from behind my table shouts. 

They weren't real. Merely figments of imagination constructed from fragments of memories. But this world was larger, more complex than the last. 

Then I saw the Dreamer. This time, it's a middle aged man. He's chatting up a woman in a tight red dress. 

I make my way towards him. 

"So what do you say? Shall we head over to my place or -" he pauses mouth still gaping as his head snaps in my direction. 

"Urm. Hello there," I waved.

His eyes go wide. "No... God please.... Noooooo!"

I don't know what he sees, but it was enough. Enough for him to soil himself right there as the world began collapsing into nothingness.

I sighed as everything fades to white. 

And once again I'm in the world between dreams. A nightmare that drifts from dream to dream, terrorizing people. But at some point, everything became to easy. Too repetitive. I guess becoming a manifestation of their worst nightmare played a part in it. 

I turned around, surveying the doors, seeing which would take my fancy next.

Then I saw a figure out of the corner of my eye. I peered at the figure, but somehow she was obscured. A blurred face, but it was a woman. She stood motionlessly in the nothingness of my world, starring silently at me. A dreamer? In my world? How?

Then my world started falling apart. Crumbling despite my will to hold it together. This was my dream, where my every whim could warp and twist the fabric of the very world and yet...

Here it was crumbling against the will of another. 

Finally she speaks, "Your nightmare ends here."

I opened my eyes slowly and found reality. 

----
----

/r/em_pathy





