I always suspected something was a miss with Uncle Drew. He could never hold a steady job and was always bouncing from temp job to temp job.

And then there was the hoarding. Seemingly useless junk that he would drive us halfway across the country for. Sometimes to a farm in the middle of nowhere, and a field of wheat that was flattened with a small rock in the middle. Sometimes to the big city, and a high rise building taller than anything I could stretch my head back to see. A fancy business man would take a few of these rocks and give Uncle Drew something inside a locked box.

Of course, there was the way he reacted to me too. It was like he was nervous of me or something. I had tantrums, what little kid doesn’t, but the way he reacted was...unusual. He would get this terrified look in his eyes, and then basically sprint to his car outside. I’d calm down and he’d tentatively come back inside eventually and give me a big hug. But it just didn’t make a lot of sense.

We’d play on the long road trips, silly car games like spot the cow or the rainbow. Don’t get me wrong, I knew these trips were weird, but I still kind of enjoyed them. On the way back he’d buy me a happy meal and an ice cream and I’d shovel it down like all kids do. The little toy that came with the meal would be clutched in my hand the whole drive home.

But as I got older, he started to go on more and more trips by himself. I like to think it was because he trusted me to take care of myself by that age, and school was obviously getting more serious. But I could tell he was getting more and more involved in things that maybe he shouldn’t.

One night, when I had stayed behind, he came home in the pouring rain. He practically fell through the front door, clutching his side with a small bloody rag underneath his shirt. I don’t think he expected me to be up. As soon as he saw me he shouted to go to my room. “But Uncle...” I remember saying. He had a fierce look in his eyes and swore at me for the first time ever. “Go to your f***ing room Steven!”.

I did as he asked, and in the morning when we had breakfast, it was like nothing happened, Uncle Drew poured his coffee and cereal.

A few years after that I moved away to college and never really returned home except for the major holidays. Uncle Drew came to my graduation, all smiles and tears of joy, wearing his best worn out suit. We went for a large meal with my girlfriend and her family. It was like a grown up version of our happy meals all those years ago.

It was when I was living with my girlfriend and on my way home from work a year or two later that I got the call. Uncle Drew had passed away.

I cried a lot. He was the only constant in my life. The loveable distant goofball. His funeral was a sad affair. Countless people I remember from our trips suddenly showing up. The closest thing to friends Uncle Drew ever had.

After everyone else had left the wake, it was just me and my girlfriend in Uncle Drew’s house tidying away. A knock came at the door.

“I’ll get it” I called out.

The front door was creeky as anything and took a firm shove to get it open. Two men in smart suits were waiting for me on the other side. I didn’t recognise them from the funeral, but they wouldn’t have looked out of place.

“Steven?” the first man asked.

“Yes, that’s me. If you’re hear for the funeral I’m afraid you’re too late, but you’re welcome to come in for a drink.”

The two men looked at each other, and then back to me. They opened their jackets to reveal two badges. That familiar logo from every cop show staring me in the face, only this time it was real. FBI.

“Your Uncle..” and he emphasised the word Uncle in a weird way, “was one of our freelance operatives”.

“Freelance what?”

The second man fetched something out of his pocket. An old piece of rock, one I’d seen my Uncle Drew collect a thousand times.

“Do you know what this is?”

“A space rock” I said. “My uncle used to collect them.”

“And did he ever let you hold them?”

“Of course he...”

Have you ever had that moment in your life when someone says something, and it suddenly dawns on you that your memory is playing tricks on you. In all of our trips, my uncle never let me hold the rocks.

“I...I don’t think he did”.

The agent held out the rock. I took it with my hand. It began to glow a brilliant purple and blue.

“What, what is this?”

Suddenly, the rock began to glow even brighter. It flooded the whole front porch. I felt...weird...and then, everything went dark. I passed out on the floor. And that’s the last thing I remember.