'Seriously?' I thought as I stared blankly at the floor, my face flat against the tile. I moved my fingers. Yup, still feeling them. Twitched my legs. Still feeling them too. "What the hell." This has never happened before.

You see, the body I am currently inhabiting has the "mortality" trait stuck to it. This means that when it dies, its soul will be released and free to go back to the divine realm. So, being unwilling to stay in the mortal world any longer, I attempted to escape by jumping into the large industrial saw I had seen a while back.

Big mistake. Now I'm in six different pieces, and strangely, I'm still not passed on. The hell! I don't have the time to just lay around! I can just imagine the paperwork on my desk building up.

Suddenly, I felt a familiar presence on the back of my head and I was lifted up to face the most gracious woman of all the realms.

Death.

She was just like how I remembered her, the dark cloak that was the fear of so many mortals covering a body that none can resist. Her face, made by Creation as perfection incarnate, shrouded by a dark mist that only I have ever dispelled. Ah, the goddess who has stolen my heart for eons, the most beautiful woman of all creatures, and most intelligent, wise... and hopefully the most forgiving, because I really don't like the way she's looking at me.

"So, this is how you deal with my punishment every time?" Her voice was smooth and controlled.

Oh... shit. I just realized that every other time it’s been a random reaper picking me up.

"Our dear daughter Nature told me all about it today, all drunk on Ambrosia. And didn't I tell you to keep her away from that stuff?!"

Double shit…

I opened my mouth. "Uh... shouldn't it be your fault because you kept me here, leaving me unable to keep her away - "

Her veil of darkness parted, revealing a terrifying glare that only I have seen.

"...shutting up now."

Death stabbed a finger at my body-less head. I don’t think she liked the fiasco where a very drunk Nature created the platypus. "No, its not, because she got it from a personal stash could only have been bought using your currency!" ...yup I'm dead. "I only found out she drank by chance, when Lady Luck and Lady Guinevere were... were... oh you are distracting me!"

Aren't you distracting yourself? I wanted to voice.

"Alright, sorry, but it is a bit harsh to put me in the dog house for just stepping on your cap - "

"IT WAS NOT JUST 'STEPPING ON MY CLOAK!'"

Yikes!

"You made a fool of me at the annual meeting, in front of all the others!" From the tone of voice, I knew she was blushing from embarrassment. "A god, tripping backwards because of a mere tug? Oh what a scandal!" She held her face in her hands, though even that skin was covered by darkness.

Oh, here we go again.

"And worst of all... worst of all, part of my magic was countered by your light magic when you caught me in your arms! They saw a glimpse of my finger, in the first time in twenty billion years!"

I would have rolled by eyes if I wasn't trapped inside a mortal body that couldn't run away like a god.

"I know you are trying very hard not to roll your eyes, Life."

Erk. "Seriously, its just a finger - "

"Its not just a finger! Its been a game since the beginning of time, and 'losing a bit' does not exist as I am Death! I only deal with absolutes! I will make you a new body, and I swear to Creation, if you try to get out of this body before 1000 years are over, I will find you and make you regret your choice!"

"What about my work?!"

"You will do it all when you come back!"

Noooooooooooo!