Meeting Shakespeare, in the beginning, seemed like it would be the best part of my first death. I’d spent years playing characters in his plays. Had laughed with my friends when I was alive about the not so subtle dick jokes, and had read his sonnets to every person I ever loved. 

I didn’t know everything about him before I died. I just knew I loved his work, and if I could recite sonnets by heart and quote Macbeth on a whim, it wasn’t a big deal.

That first day, when I woke up with centuries worth of genius’ staring down at me—I had no idea what to expect. Prince helped me to my feet, while Edgar Allan Poe brushed the dirt off my back. Mathematicians watched us, and Freddie fucking Mercury smiled at me before returning to his conversation with Robin Williams. 

For a brief moment, I thought I was in heaven. (Socrates was quick to point out that I was most certainly not. But I hadn’t expected him to not be a dick, anyways.) 

And then I saw him. 

Jane Austen must have seen where my gaze was, because she clasped a hand over my shoulder, and looked at me peculiarly. “Please tell me, that of all the people here, he’s not who you’re most excited to see.” 

I barely glanced at her, as Shakespeare sat on a stool, watching two reluctant passer-throughs act out a new play. Passer-throughs, I learned, were those who would only be here for a brief while. I expected I was only slightly less of a passer-through than most. Mediocre actors could only be remembered for so long. 

“How could he not?” I asked her. “Everyone here’s amazing, don’t get me wrong. But he’s the guy that shaped my entire life.” 

She snorted. “Just don’t tell him that.” 

“Why?”

I finally looked at her, then. She turned her gaze on Shakespeare as well, quirking an eyebrow before sighing. “Perhaps it is best if you . . . Get to know him on your own.” 

And then, she’d pushed me in his direction. 

That first day felt fucking monumental. Standing face to death with William Shakespeare; the greatest playwright of all time. 

If everybody on Earth had forgotten me at the exact moment, purgatory would have been amazing. 

But, nope. This was Purgatory, after all. And t couldn’t be all pleasant. 

And William Shakespeare. Is a fucking child. Not literally, obviously. 

But he insisted everyone call him Willy — for reasons, clear but not to be named. And instead of crafting intelligent, heartwarming sonnets, or thought provoking plays—all Willy wanted to do. Was write dick jokes. 

And brag about how long he’s been in purgatory.

And write dick jokes about purgatory. 

He wrote a sonnet about me, once. That if read backwards?

Was just a dick joke. 

Purgatory was just one big fucking dick joke. 

Apparently, there’d been a lot more dick jokes in his works, but his squire wrote most of them out. Left so few that nobody would know. 

Passer-throughs, no less oblivious than I was, excited to meet him, and act in new, original content, acted through whole short plays. He didn’t give them the material beforehand, because his favorite part, was it clicking in their heads that they were talking about ducks. 

And if they didn’t realize they were talking about dicks? He stopped wverything, laughing so hard there were tears in his eyes, to tell them, “oh my men, you have been grasping at dicks!” 

William Shakespeare was the equivalent of a walking, talking dick drawing a 12 year old boy drew into the condensation on bus windows before school. 

And, as I later learned, once you pick an idol on the first day, that’s who you spend all of your purgatory with. Side by side, until everyone on Earth forgot who you were. 

Whoever the fuck turned that crappy, B movie I made with my friends in college, into a fucking campy cult classic better end up in hell. 