The door came open and I knew right away. I just knew it. In a way, I guess… I guess I kind of knew it all along.

"It's you…" I said, to myself.

The figure stepped closer. The whole room white, an endless white in all direction, and two chairs facing each other. 
He took his seat and I took mine.

"Yes. It's me."

I shook my head and forced myself to face him. My own face. "Look… fuck, where do I start?"

When they told me… right after I died, that I was going to meet the person I've hurt the most, I braced myself for 
this conversation. I knew it. I knew it would be me.

Because who else could it be? Who else have I mistreated more than my own self-loathing self?

"I'm sorry," I said.

"Yeah, no shit," the figure said, folding his arms.

This wasn't going to be easy. But I swallowed the sadness and nervousness and went for it. "Okay, first, the drinking… fuck, I don't remember when it started. It got out of control so fast… I was hallucinating in no time,  when I went without it. Noises, shadows everywhere… My own reflection twisted and deformed in the mirror, night after night…"

The figure glanced at me, still keeping the arms folded.

"Delirium tremens, they call it. From the alcohol addiction." I paused. "I know that wasn't all. I'm trying to think of the rest."

I took a deep breath. "The drugs, too. My own self-sabotage of my career and relationships... Everything. Fuck, I guess it's all related, right?"

The figure unfolded its arms, but said nothing.

"I don't know why I did it all," I said. "I guess I never really took proper care of myself because, in a way… I never really learned to love myself. My parents, they… they were distant. They lost a son, you see. And – huh – I guess 
they blamed me, for some weird reason. So I grew up without learning what love is. I grew up with this… this sort 
of indifference towards death, like I'd rather burst fast like a shooting star than drag my life along for eighty years…"

The figure now had its eyes narrowed, listening intently.

"I guess that's where the drinking and the drugs stemmed from. The careless driving, the whoring around… it was 
all a way for me to punish myself… to try and prove to myself that life was bullshit and meaningless… because if I 
let myself believe that life could be great, it would mean I'd have to face the fact that *my* life wasn't great. That 
*I* was never loved. That *I* was never good enough."

The figure said nothing. I cleaned the tears from my cheeks. "It would mean that… there was something to lose, 
after all. You know? As long as I kept beating myself -- my body, my soul – into oblivion, I was reinforcing my 
belief that I didn't *care*. Like a little kid who loses a bet and says 'I didn't want to win, anyway'."

Silence. The figure kept its eyes on me, frozen.

"I guess… I figured if I gave up right away, I would never lose." I stopped. "But I see it now. I've hurt myself. I've hurt myself more than anyone else on Earth by doing that. I'm sorry, me."

"Un-fucking-believable."

I paused. "Excuse me?"

The figure scoffed, then shook his head. "It's all about you again. Goddamn it, why did I let myself be talked into 
coming here?"

"What are you talking about?"

"I'm not you, you narcissistic halfwit!" The figure bellowed. "I'm the twin brother you absorbed in our mother's 
womb!"

"Ooooh…"

"Yeah, oooh, son of a bitch. You freaking *ate me as an unborn fetus* and denied me a chance to live, and *you're complaining!?*"

"I mean… shit, sorry. I didn't know."

"And you have the arrogance to think that *you're* the person you have to apologize to? Like, *oh my God, I'm 
so sorry to myself, how I've hurt myself and made myself miserable. Poor me.* Jesus Christ, the nerve on you." He paused. "You don't have 'delirium tremens' by the way. It was me, haunting you from the beyond. Trying to get even for what you did to me. But you managed to make *that* about yourself too, somehow."

"Hey, come on, you haunted me? That was uncalled for."

"YOU ABSORBED ME AS A FETUS! MY LAST THOUGHT IN LIFE WAS 'GEE THAT OTHER BABY'S GETTING AWFULLY CLOSE'."

"Okay, I guess you have the right to be upset."

He shook his head and got up. "Screw this shit."

I got up too and said, "Hey, wait!"

He stopped. Turned back.

"I'm sorry, dude. You're right. I messed up."

He looked me up and down, and I saw a little bit of the anger melting away from his face.

I sighed. "It's just... I can be a little bit *self-absorbed* sometimes."

"Oh, for fuck's sake." He turned his back on me and stormed out, disappearing in the whiteness of the room.

I looked around. Scratched my head. Puffed my cheeks.

"Jesus Christ, what a drama queen."

"OH GO TO HELL!" came his voice from somewhere above.

And well... turns out I did.

_____________

/r/psycho_alpaca =)
