I remember the time when the doctor gave me a prognosis.

"You have 6 months to live. Please live out the rest of your life as you see fit."

It was just a physical that I came in for. At age of 40, at a point where some would consider a prime time of our lives--I have instead received a death sentence from an unlikely place. Malignant tumor, too close to the heart to operate. It was like going through a car inspection and you found out that someone planted a time bomb that you couldn't defuse. And time was running out.

"Is there truly nothing you could do, doctor?" I asked.

"Absolutely nothing. You could always get a second opinion from others, but they would tell you the same," the doctor said.
And indeed, he was right.

------

The night after I realized all of the doctors I reached out refused to help me, I stayed up until 3 AM, with a notebook in front of me sitting on the desk. I have written out the things that I could not do, people I have wronged, regrets and mistakes I felt that I could yet undo. My memory was not what it once was, so a lot of the things could have fallen through the cracks. Nonetheless--I began.

I decided to, to begin, call up my parents that I have not spoken for better part of the decade.

------

It has been a year since my doctor's visit. With the heavy heart--perhaps that is literal in this case?--I tried to bring closure to everything before the life forced the closure on me. Perhaps you have seen those shows or read books that was all about seeking vindication, or making up for the past mistakes. Well, that was me. 

After a year, was there more to be done by me? I was not sure. The first six months were a blur, a race against time to reach out to everyone that I could. As one would expect, reactions were wildly varied. One one spectrum:

"I told you to never call us again," grumbled father.

And on the other:

"I am glad you've called me, although the circumstances could be better for both of us," said one of my old flames on the phone.

Most of them went, however, something along the lines of this:

"You've never reached out; we thought you were dead already."

Perhaps I was too focused on myself that I never cared for anyone else.

------

"And how do you feel?" said the doctor.

I shrugged. "As good as I could be, doctor."

"That's good," doctor said as he scribbled down some notes on his notepad. "How did the whole closure thing work out for you?"

I froze. "I don't think I've told you about that before."

He laughed. "That's what people do when they were met with a certain doom."

"You've got a dark humor, doctor. 'Certain doom?'"

"I'm just sick of the word 'death,' really. The job makes me use it too much."

And after a checkup, he said: "Congratulations, I think that, somehow, the tumor's getting smaller, but it's still there. I say you have a year to live."

"Huh..."

"Do you have any concerns?"

"I have been wondering, doctor: is this right? How do you even know how long I would live?"

"Just educated guess. And karma. Uh."

I raised an eyebrow. "Karma?"

"Never mind that I said that. Just keep up with whatever you've been doing," Doctor smiled. "You've been doing great. Hopefully I'll see you next year as well, if everything works out."

Somehow--it feels like I've been granted more time to keep righting things, not just to live in despair and wait for the end to come. "Thanks, doctor," I said as I shook his hand. It felt warm. He smiled at me--a smile of, perhaps, an enlightened?
