Sometimes Quinn heard about people who believed that everyone, from the pure-hearted spirituals to the devil himself, had clean white blood -- that the police and doctors and the Commander made up the darkness as a clever ruse to keep everyone in line. 

Generally, Quinn knew better than to consider such wild conspiracies. A dark heart couldn't pump pure blood -- not without contaminating it.

Today the thought haunted Quinn. Today lots of things were haunting Quinn.

Especially yesterday.

--

"Allison..." Quinn's voice was urgent and pleading, and halfway through the word it broke, squeaking like an adolecent's. Pathetic. But they both knew that Quinn was desperate, so hopelessly in love with her.

Allison had clenched her jaw -- no, more than just her jaw, really. Every muscle in her body tightened as she ever-so-gently placed the steak knife on the counter between them. Quinn expected her to ask, in the same sweet tone that she always used, why Quinn was here, trying to win her back again. Instead, she spat out a "What do you want?" The venom in her voice was as clear as the neediness in Quinn's.

Quinn's laugh was nervous and high-pitched. Allison's hostility was surprising, and a little frightening. "I just want you to feel better -- happier, more trusting, you know." You're sick, Allison. Even if neither of us will say it directly.

Allison grabbed the knife again, which startled Quinn, and then she tried to stab it into the marble countertop, but she didn't even scratch the surface.

"See, Ally?" You're sick. You're sick and it's making you violent.

Allison had sighed. "I'm fine. You just..." She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment, clenching her fists and letting out a small shriek. "Ugh, you just," she paused, turned, hurled the knife across the room, away from both of them, "you think he's a god or something. He isn't." She spoke the blasphmy so softly. Almost defeatedly.

"But the Commander IS God -- to you and me, at least."

Her face twitched. She clentched her jaw again. "Just get out."

Quinn didn't leave, spirit stirred up by a different love. "No, I want to help you see the truth. Do you know how black the blood of a traitor is? It's the same shade as a murderer's." Quinn forced another laugh. "And I love you, but your blood is as dark as a criminal's. I just want to help."

Allison froze. "No, Quinn. If you love me, then you'll go."

Quinn was the first one to make a move for the knife, but had to move around the counter, so Alison reached it a half-second sooner. Quinn was strong enough to rip it out of her grasp without much trouble. Pinning her to the ground proved to be a bit tricker, because the damned girl kept screaming and squirming and clawing and resisting, but there was nothing she could do to stop Quinn.

"I love you, Allison. This is for your own good, okay? Once you see what you're doing to yourself -- I mean, corrupting your own blood with these traitorous thoughts -- I think you'll be able to get better. And I'll support you the whole way. Okay? The first step is the hardest."

The first cut with small. It bled white. Allison called him a bastard.

The second cut, which Quinn deemed necessary after the first proved faulty, bled white.

"It's white blood, you bastard! I'm innocent."

Quinn stabbed her in the abdomenom next, confused as to why her blood wasn't dark. Maybe a larger sample was needed. Allison was screaming, thrashing, but Quinn didn't notice.

Quinn stabbed her again. Again. Again. Then slit open her arms, did not hear her pleas for mercy. 

Finally, finally, Quinn had to know.

"I love you, Ally. This is for your own good, okay?"

Quinn cut open the lover's chest, peered through the deep wound and tried to find her heart. Quinn saw bones and blood and insides, but not darkness. It was probably buried deep.

--

When the police came, the first thing they did was take Quinn's blood.

It was exactly as dark as a traitor's blood -- as dark as Allison's.

"Okie-dokie, Quinn. This looks good to go. We'll send it up for testing just to be sure that you haven't pulled a fast one on us, but you're free to leave for now. We'll get the confirmation notice in about a week."