  The abrupt silence framed the change in atmosphere. What was moments ago a busy, almost overcrowded airport had now become a tension filled scene of confusion for John. The security officer stood on the other side of the barrier was holding John's passport in one hand, opened to the page where his personal details and photograph sat next to each other. The passport was visibly shaking in the man's hand and had been doing so for the past few minutes, immediately after John had challenged the officer's claim that the passport was outdated. This was of course not the case, as it had arrived only a fortnight before his flight. He was even sporting the same mustache seen in his photograph.    

The security officer, who wasn't sporting a name tag, only a pin reading 'SECURITY', only took his eyes off John to glance back at his colleagues, four of which were stood behind him, looking less nervous but still disturbed. He leaned in close to John and repeated his previous statement.    

"Sorry sir, as I've said, Your Passport Has Expired." He stated this much clearly now, particularly emphasizing the last four words as if there was some hidden relevance to the phrase. In a similiar fashion, John repeated himself also.    

"As I have said, this passport has only just been issued, check the dates!" At this point John reached for his passport to retrieve it from the officer, who swiftly pulled back and stepped back out of his arms reach. In the same movement, the officer placed his freehand on the grip of his sidearm, a heavy looking pistol which looked well maintained. His colleagues did the same, though as their hands were free they went as far to draw their weapons, all aimed at John.    

Reflexively, John had his hands in the air, parallel to his head. Perspiration had now run rampant across his body, trails of sweat sliding down his temples. The security officer's didn't look much more confident either, even with their firearms gripped tightly in their gloved hands. They appeared slightly relieved once another group of four security officers approached John's rear, all in identical uniforms, however these were carrying much more sinister looking weaponry in the form of assault rifles with thick barrels and holographic sights, seemingly overkill for a small town airport. John heard their footsteps and sheepishly looked over his shoulder, his hands remaining level with his head.    

"Face forward, sir! Your Passport Has Expired!" One of the officers demanded, repeating that same phrase that seemed like a minor thing to address when aiming a rifle at John's back, or so he thought. Regardless, John complied and felt he'd never stood so still.    

This sudden standoff seemed to last for hours to John, he was shocked his arms hadn't gotten tired, though the crevices of his body were laden with sweat and it was only adding to his current discomfort. The scene soon progressed as one of the officer's behind John barked an order.    

"Higgins, cuff him for fucks sake!" Immediately the officer behind him, presumably Higgins, let his rifle rest at his side and removed a pair of stainless steel handcuffs from the back of his belt. As he approached, John could hear the metal rings of the cuffs tapping against each other, as if held in a nervous grip. The tapping got closer and was joined by labored breathing as Higgins stopped within reach of John's upright arms.    

John could see a gloved hand grip his right wrist and it was soon pulled behind his back. He heard the cuff open from behind him and didn't seem to realize he had stopped sweating moments before. John's breathing was suddenly calm, and without processing the thought he pivoted to face Higgins, all while allowing him to continue to grip his wrist. John used his free hand to tear the handcuffs from the officer and quickly embedded the thin open piece of metal of the open cuff into the side of his throat before freeing his right hand and using it to apply pressure to the other side of Higgins' throat, making the cuffs disappear within flesh and fresh blood which was now staining the top of the officer's shirt. John pulled the cuffs towards him, opening the large wound he'd just created. The claret mess was now made much worse, covering the pair of them in dark, ever increasing blotches.    

Higgins dropped once John had released him, both hands gripping what was left of his jugular, seemingly attempting to return the blood lost to his body. Before he was prone, the other officers acted quickly, to prevent any more bloodshed. They almost fired simultaneously, too fast for John to react apparently, as several non lethal round immediately struck his person. Considering the heavy barrage against his chest and legs, John was only brought to his knees albeit breathing weakly and experiencing an onslaught of dull throbbing pain in the targeted areas. The other security officers wasted no time in closing the distance between them and their target, they were upon him instantly, applying hasty kicks and using the stock of their rifles to drive John unconscious. Before he finally did lose consciousness, John could hear a heated complaint from one of the officers, the one that had previously sent Higgins to his death.    

"Dr. Rava is getting fucking sloppy, this sleeper alone has killed six of us in the last three months!" The officer could then be heard replacing the clip of his sidearm, the clicks were all noises surprisingly familiar to John as he lay in the fetal position. The sound of the gun being cocked was followed shortly by an additional statement by the obviously senior officer.    

"Don't worry boys, I'll take the disciplinary on this one." He kindly declared, and through swollen eyes John could see the business end of a handgun, though not for long.    
EDIT: Fucking formatting. The late response isn't late, I just accidentally posted this to a PI post as a comment, my bad.