My name is Marylena, and I was an outcast from the very beginning.

Before I was born, the Hive education initiative was launched. Everyone thought it was great; anyone with the same name would have the same shared knowledge if they were willing to input. Schools quickly became a thing of the past. And then humanity started to develop in factions of people with similar names and skills; Like all the Johns, Ashleys, etc of the world. Everyone was happy with their place in life. The Hive Education Initiative managed to create a brand of world peace. The one caveat: the members of each faction were like mindless drones, devoid of any personality.

But then there's the factionless: me, my mom, and all the others who refused to give in to the hive, those who had rare names. The people who got the short end of the stick in life. In a paradoxical way, we were a sort a faction, where everyone stuck together and provided for everyone. We all found a sense of community in our mutual isolation from the rest of society. We may not have been living in wealth and luxe, but we all still had our individuality.

My mom, Miriam, was always a bit of a rebel, despite the hardened and serious exterior she developed from the stress of being a single mother. Factionless her whole life as well, she almost seemed empowered by the isolation from the hive that humanity had become, and was . That's why she chose to name me Marylena; such a thick-sounding biblical name was very rare. She was always a role model for me and gave me hope that things would one day change.

As I grew up, that hope turned into a deep certainty. I knew taking out the Hive was the only way to give the rest of the world true freedom and control that the factionless had, and devised a My mom was right on board with this idea, and it didn't take long to persuade other factionless people. We had all put up with this for long enough. Over time, we managed to fashion crude weapons and explosives, covertly operating in the shadows.

The main operation of the Hive was deep within the J faction, and had a myriad of people named John. But this was the one fatal flaw in the Hive Education Initiative; we were able to figure out the weaknesses of all the guards. The guards wounded surprisingly easily to the crude knives we had all made for each other. We set the explosives up and made a quick escape before the explosion.

And when the dust settled, I had a weird feeling that our efforts were much easier than expected, but marveled at the new freedom humanity had. 

The freedom was ephemeral. The world peace quickly dissapeared. War, fear, hunger ensued. Me, my mom, and all the other once facgionless people stood together, now trying to escape the war. Despite the bold actions taken in dismantling the hive, most of them saw no need for war. I too always saw war as an inane frivolity. But ive come to realize that humanity will never escape the dark grasp of greed; the very same greed that caused me to dismantle the establishment.

Feedback is appreciated (: