(Story 2, I was too intrigued to answer the prompt a single way!) 

Oooh goody goody! It’s about damn time. 

I’ve been waiting for this for two long, loooooong months. Well, a bit more than two months actually (since dearest brother Andrew couldn’t be *bothered* to get it to me on time… how typical). That gives me less than a month with it until I have to pass it along to Lily, ugh. Gotta keep the cycle goin’! 

I stroke the worn leather slowly, tracing the creases. This beautiful old bag has been in the family for centuries, as the tale goes. See, it’s got this wonderfully magical ability to provide its holder with all manner of helpful objects in any situation. The textbook you forgot to bring to class? Reach in to the bag and there it is. Thirsty on a long hike? A full water bottle is just a grab away. The bag has delivered Halloween costumes, tools, medicine, breath mints, official documents, and purportedly even a puppy to a lonely ancestor. 

This bag has brought us success and stability over the many years… but at times it has also wrought great darkness upon the family. Our parents warned us time and time again of the bag’s seducing power, making sure we all knew the times our ancestors had turned on each other. The most recent was my grandparents’ generation. Ol’ Pappy Joe wanted the bag to stay with him and his kids, to build up their booming business. So what’d he do? He took a shotgun to everyone else in the family he could get to. It took Grandma Miriam with a knife in the kitchen to put a stop to the madness. She fled, lost contact with the rest of the family, and started anew. Blah blah the tale continues, told so many times it was like a dramatic, unskippable videogame cutscene for opening a door. 

Greed was Pappy Joe’s downfall. Because of him we have stringent rules, like passing along the bag every month. Our parents are dead now, so it’s just Andrew, Lily, and myself left to share it. And yet Andrew has missed the monthly deadline at least three times now. He always was a bit greedy… I’ll have to keep an eye on him. 

But now’s not the time – it’s vacation time, baby! I love traveling with the bag, it’s got me covered from tickets and cash to snacks and emergency socks. Plus, it’s all the company I need – my reliable old friend. I left my apartment with a few odds and ends and the bag slung over my shoulder. Now I just gotta grab a bus to the airport and I’m well on my way! 

As I step on to the bus, I reach in to the bag expecting to pull out a bus pass or some coins. Instead, my fingers grab at cool metal and plastic. I feel the border gently, with it’s L-ish-shape. It’s my turn to pass along a form of entrance fare to the bus driver, and he is looking at me expectantly. My hand forms around a natural grip, and I open the bag slightly to stare directly at the gun in my hand. I let go with a shudder, quickly dig in to my pocket for some forgotten spare change, and drop it in the machine. 

I slowly walk down the aisle between all the filled seats, feeling a haze of questions descend on my mind. Why is this useful to me right now? Is someone about to rob the bus? Is someone planning to hurt me? Was this gun taken from someone planning on hurting themselves? Why would--

“Jason! Hey! What are the chances?” 