I found the object in the mountains. I had been prospecting and foraging, but when I found a lookout point to send my smoke signals, I could see the armies closing in. I knew that my village was finished. The strange artifact was in a corner of the cave I took refuge in.   
It was like polished stone, with symbols and strange, small contraptions littering the surface. Next to it was a small stick of similar form. I placed them in my pack. Even then, I knew it must be an artifact of the ancient world. I remembered the stories of the town drunk. And of the preachers, and the witches. I always thought the crazy people had suspiciously congruent stories, and I was right. But, they said the old societies had magic. Not quite. I would later discover that they had knowledge of greater complexity than all of history.  
I treated it carefully, keeping it always hidden in my pack and keeping my pack always with me. I took it out behind locked tavern doors and within dark wooded seclusion to ferret out its secrets. It was dull, at first. Unlatching the lock to open the contraption was easy. Pressing the circular button made music, and caused the black mirror to shift, displaying the word, login. I discovered that the little letters and symbols on the piece of paper fastened upon the inside upper surface corresponded to those on the bottom inside surface. Pressing those made a sound like a dog's claws on stone floors. The letters and symbols would appear on the display in front of me. The dark square moved the little hand on what I would later know as the screen.  
Then, one day, red symbols lit up at the bottom right. The artifact made urgent sounds as I panicked to find out what went wrong. But, alas, I could do nothing. The thing went dark. I was never graced with any further interaction. I opened it up to find only incomprehensible machinery inside, and I carefully put it back together. Still, I keep it with me to this day, searching for something that could restore its former power. 