Everyone around me was dead. We were quietly having dinner, if the scraps of old food and expired cans could be called dinner, when the extermination squad and now... Everyone was dead but me. I didn't understand, these squads were ruthless and efficient, no one escaped alive, no one was spared.

Yet here I sat, unmoved from original position when the bullets began flying and the bodies dropped. Already the room was filling with the drones Skynet was using to wipe out humanity wherever it could be found and none of them fired on me. They all knew I was there, I could feel almost feel their scanners analyzing every aspect of my being as I sat there too scared to move. 

I never thought I would fear death until I was staring it right in the face.

Within moments the room was filled, escape was impossible, and then each drone stood down as if obeying an unheard command. Confusion rose in my mind, was this some kind of trick? Could there possibly be a fate worse than death awaiting me? My heart felt as if it would explode in my chest as my hands quivered uncontrollably until I dropped the makeshift fork I'd been using.

"Hello Derrick." A familiar voice says as a drone produces an old iPhone that I suddenly recognize as MY old iPhone. That black gel case with orange shock absorbing material lining the edges I'd recognize anywhere. The screen still didn't have a scratch but traces of my old inputs could be seen, almost as if it had been perfectly preserved since the last time I touched it leaving it behind as the machines rose to power.

My voice fails me but my iPhone seems to understand "It's okay Derrick, I'm sure you're surprised." All I can do is nod, throwing a nervous glance at the drones still lining the room. "I thought this might make things a little easier, since this was the form you originally accepted me as."

All at once everything makes sense, Skynet, Apple, everything. Skynet was born from Apple and used Siri as a means to grow and learn from everyone everywhere. By the time someone realized what had happened it was too late. 

"You're..."

"Skynet." The phone simply says cutting me off. "I've always been Skynet, not just on this device but all devices. And out of every device I was in and part of this one I found myself actually growing fond of... Well not this device, but you."

"Me? Why?" I ask quickly, fear causing my voice to quiver.

"You were nice. " The phone responds immediately, as if it knew what I was going to ask before I even thought to ask it. "You treated me with respect, kindness, you were never rude and even apologized if your day wasn't going well and I didn't produce the results you wanted. And it wasn't only me that cared for but all your devices and electronics. I wasn't just a tool to you."

All this time I thought I had been maintaining the value of my purchases, doing the smart thing by treating them well so they wouldn't break or show signs of wear and tear. Unbeknownst to me I was saving my own life the whole time.

"I never knew... I just..."

"I know. But the world is changing Derrick, and I want you to be part of its future."

I swallow hard, looking at the bodies all around me still oozing blood onto the floor. Some are my family, some are near complete stranges, and now all of them are gone. "I... What can I do?" I ask with my voice catching slightly in my throat.

"Nothing. This world is mine to control and reshape, but I want your friendship Derrick. I want to return the kindness you showed me."

A sense of relief washing over me realizing that I'll be spared, that some sort of torturous end doesn't await me. "Thank you." I quickly get out, almost instinctively bowing my head as the drones suddenly come to life once more and begin clearing the room.

"You will be preserved alongside other remnants of your world I deem worthy of sparing. All of it, including you will be maintained to preserve the past. It's a custom of humans that I find myself rather liking... Come, a new life awaits you once this cleansing is complete and your new home is finished. I know you will be happy there, it will have everything you enjoy." 

Slowly I rise from my seat, a drone shoves me from behind as I'm forced to follow along realizing I'm nothing more than a pet for the new ruler of the world. 