Azriel stood in the shadow waiting for a specific future to arrive. Anger moved Azriel's eyebrow and attempted to take over the emotions before Love and Patience could get to the controls. It only appeared as a twitch if anyone had been there to noticed. Azriel was alone for the moment.

"Anger, we've discussed this before. You cannot participate in this event because the act should not come from you." Love stated, as It rested Its hand on his shoulder. "Besides, you tend to be careless and then it gets messy. Remember?"

Anger brushed back his hair, accepted the truth, stepped away to heavily sit down on the steps still steaming. Love whispered to Sympathy, "He'll be OK because he knows he has a time and place."

Love sat back in the plushy chair taking it all in, feeling like electricity - the charged air pulsed on Its skin. Love pushed a button in her arm chair causing Azriel to feel warmth and to smile a bit to recover. Love could always see the pain and sadness in the chosen's eyes. Foreign to Love, the kind words rarely helped any of them long term. But that supported and proved the truth of the final solution. All would be gone and good when they involuntarily relaxed as Azriel held the chosen.

Excitement, recognizing the moment, turned to watch Patience. He seems to glow when the hands on the clock, his planned moment, and external circumstances aligned as expected. He smirked a little smile, looked at Sympathy, and nodded.

"Yes! Let's do this!" cheered Excitement, bouncing around the room making hair all over her body to shake and stream. Everyone could feel her energy. Excitement, like any hairy monster, could not be contained.

"I love when it's my turn," Sympathy said quietly stepping up to the controls to morally support Confidence and Patience.

Excitement grabbed Love's androgynous hand only because she didn't know what else to do at that moment. She turned her head towards the shelf. Love caught her intent and also looked to make sure Fear was still in Its jar strapped to the shelf. Fear, small and powerless, had both hands on the jar walls, bristled Its back scales and scowled in return. It understood why there is no room for Its behavior and negativity. It didn't like it any less. It felt so satisfied when It could successfully whisper negativity into the ear-holes of the colleagues. Especially when It caused them to back off from their desires. As badly as It wanted to, this was no time for negativity.

Confidence helped with the controls knowing he is the best with movements, smooth & cat-like. Patience kept us on beat. Their team work compared second to none.

The imagination screen flickered on. They all saw the chosen leaving the bar with a bit of a wobble. For some chosen, Confidence enjoys following gracefully stalking the chosen, even though it's usually easy. Why wouldn't it be. The chosen rarely think that anyone thinks about them for any reason, let alone choosing them. This time, Patience got to crouch in the dark.

"The locks! The locks!" Excitement yelled first hearing them before anyone else, jumping up to the controls. Fortunately, Confidence pressed the mute button earlier.

When the chosen unlocked the door, Confidence slowed Azriel's breathing to be quiet as the darkness. Patience made sure to prep the lights to cast shadows just right to create her hiding spot. Confidence tensed the leg muscles and Patience held her hand on the pounce lever. All eyes forward.

The chosen stepped inside, shut the door, and locked it. The chosen emptied pockets, turned on lights and walked to the kitchen. Before the chosen got there Patience slammed the lever forward. Azriel pounced on the chosen, moving quickly into a choke hold, and Confidence jammed all the flex buttons. In about 30 seconds, the chosen lost consciousness.

Love smiled. Excitement went ape-shit. Patience observed and kept on point. Confidence pumped a fist. Fear paced and looked around. Anger still steamed in the background. Sympathy ached to continue with the chosen.

The chosen woke with Azriel looking into the eyes with all the expected sadness and confusion.

Love and Sympathy spoke, "Don't worry, chosen. I know you suffer. We feel it, too." Confidence placed Azriel's hand on the chosen's chest. "We love you by facilitating you onward to another realm. You will now be released." The chosen's look of confusion morphed to realized truth - too late to react or oppose.

Patience controlled the blade across the artery of the chosen, and again. Confidence moved Azriel's hand to caress the chosen's head and face, life draining from the container.

Sympathy said, "You are chosen to die with us here; not alone. Though, we cannot continue the entire path with you."

Love soared as It observed and felt the final breath melt the chosen's body into peaceful bliss. Love smiled still, and pressed the smile button. Sympathy sighed in relief, and hugged Love. Confidence high-fived Patience. Anger gave a thumbs up to Fear who gave a look of indifference.

"It is done," they all said.

As Azriel left the chosen's room, Sympathy asked, "What more worldly good can we do than to release the chosen from their suffering?"

As the door clicked shut, Excitement ran around the room, arms out like a plane, "Again! Again! Again!"