Hell, in many ways, was not quite how I'd imagined it. 

Truth be told, I'd thought it to be this cavern, this hot, red place of relentless torture. I'd picture demons, the fiery pits, and the anguished screams of the damned. 

As I stared at the scene that was unfolding before my eyes, I could not help but feel... underwhelmed. 

"Ah, welcome." A man spoke, his voice thick with accent. "You've died, now you're in Hell, so on so forth." He continued, slouching. 

Hell looked suspiciously like an apartment room, and a small one at that. I glanced around, what appeared to be the living room was barren, save for a decent looking couch and a flat-screened television. 

"Who are you-?" I began, though I guessed the answer as I spoke. 

"That's right, kid. I'm the devil. Call me whatever you want, I don't really care. Nothing really happens here anyways." 

The devil sat back, bored. He was distinctly ordinary, save for his Italian-like features, and his stylish moustache. No tail. Pity, I'd liked the idea.

"Ya know, I'd have expected Hell to be a little more-" I paused, looking for the right words. 

"Big?" 

"Hot." I said, though that would've worked too. 

"Ah, confound it, Hell's about as small as you can get. That Guy, you know which one, he gets everyone. Heaven's an eternal party with no brakes. Hell? Naw, we just get to watch the humans. Sometimes we get to mess around." 

"We?" I spoke, scratching my head. 

"Ah, right, see the thing is-" The Devil hesitated, sheepish, "-we have this cool thing going on, the Six Deadly Sins and all-"

At that, the door slammed open. A slender, sleek man strode in, carrying bags of groceries as he cursed. He was distinctly asian, and his features were striking. I'd began to wonder where he bought his groceries, and then I realised that I had died and went to a metaphysical apartment, and that in retrospect logical reasoning was probably worth jack shit. 

"They're out of milk. Goddamned discount sales." He cursed, slamming the bags down onto the kitchen counter. 

"Did you pick up the clothes from the laundramat?" The Devil asked, eyes glued to the television. 

"Ah, shit." 

The man seemed to have registered my presence for the first time. As he glared at me, I couldn't help but avert my gaze. Old habits. 

"Who's this one?" The Man asked. "Thought we were the only humans you got." 

"I'd thought so myself, but clearly the big guy isn't as good at sorting people through the pearly gates as he thinks-" The Devil said, flicking through channels aimlessly. 

"Ah, damn it. Space's cramped enough with the six of us-" 

"Seven." The Devil interrupted. 

"Us six humans, and the embodiment of evil himself. Which are you, anyways?" 

I mumbled something, suddenly embarassed. The man's glare was intense. The ground was particularly nice to look at instead as I fidgeted wildly. Which Sin was I? Was I ever overly sinful in life?

"Ah, her?" The Devil spoke up, peering over. "She's Lust." 

Ah. Lust. Of course. 

The man's anger turned to disbelief, and he chuckled. 

"Lust, eh? We've haven't had a female roommate yet. This oughta be fun." 

I'd groaned. The prospect of eternal roommates really did seem to make this place seem like hell. 

"So just so I'm getting this straight, Hell is actually an apartment, and all the roommates are the Seven Deadly Sins?" 

"Yes." The Devil said, leaning back once more as he opened a bag of chips. 

I sighed. This was going to be a long week.