The walls of his cell mocked him. 

“*This is the price for treason,”* they whispered; a price he would gladly pay again.

Even still, the price was far greater than he could ever have imagined. Rough stone walls scoured his flesh. Hot coals dripped over him—crimson blood burnt black. Every day they returned to mock him and cut him, slicing in destructive revelry, excising mercy, leaving nothing but pain and rage. 

Every day Malak returned. The angel of death—the destroyer—divine servant of the Lord. His presence was that of a black specter with mighty wings and a voice of power.  Every day he asked the same question— “are you ready to die?”

And every day the answer was the same, “I alone control my destiny. While I still have strength, I will endure.”

The concept of free will was foreign to Malak. How strange that this man would defy the orders of his superiors! What cause for justice could be greater than this torment? What thread of hope did this man cling to, deeply woven in his fraying sanity?  “You disobeyed a direct command willingly. Help me to understand, why?” 

“They say we fight for justice, but there can be no justice in our war— only death and suffering. I cannot kill for them, not any longer.”

Every night the conversation changed; Malak stood by the door, offering a way out, and then spoke to the man of destiny. The man had no children of his own; he came from a small village that was peaceful, almost serene, until *they* came. The riders on horseback ordered the men of the village to fight for them. They said it was the command of the king. To disobey meant a slow death. 

“In my foolishness, I joined them. I fought as their soldier for many years, until I could take it no longer.”

Malak stood unwavering at the cell door, captivated. “What were you ordered to do?”

“Murder the people I loved.”

Every day Malak watched as the man was brutalized again and again. The soldiers showed him no mercy, a *divine command of the king* indeed. Did the king really order the torture of a stalwart champion of justice? How warped the world, such that fate brought the champion for free will to his knees in submission. 

The man was destined to die alone, chained to his cell, and it broke Malak. If the man could fight so hard for free will, why shouldn’t he? Why should he blindly obey, an agent of slaughter. He was no better then the torturers. Perhaps he could take a lesson from the captive. Perhaps treason, if for a just cause, was just in itself.  

Malak had made up his mind. He would no longer be a blind servant. He would no longer fight for a destiny he had no control over. He would fight for freedom. He would fight for justice.   

"Fuck destiny. I'm getting you out of here," Malak said, and with a flash of lightning they disappeared, emerging on a faraway hillside. He looked into the eyes of the man, filled with new hope. “What must we do now?”

Lucifer smiled. “Now we begin the real war.”
***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH