It was 5:30 in the morning. My daughter was crying and I reluctantly walked out to put her back to sleep. Her mother had died years ago, and it was taking its toll on me. Countless times have I wanted to give her up for adoption and end it. Then I saw her, and realized life wasn't so bad. Because someone needed me. And I would let nothing happen to her.

I shushed her back to sleep, and she finally knocked out around 6. Too early to work, too late to sleep. So I figured I'd kill time with coffee and the morning paper.

"Knock knock" I turned, dazed. Did the door just say 'knock knock' to me? All of a sudden, it was kicked down. A SWAT team entered, and left to officers with riot shields by the door.

"What the fu-" someone grabbed me from behind, pulling me behind my now overturned table.

"Sh...here they come." I wanted to question, but the seriousness in his voice urged me not to press. Shotguns, rifles, they were armed to the teeth. I knew what they were fighting was nothing ordinary. It was as if he was scared too. I motioned to the rifle on my wall, something my great granddad gave me from WWIII. It may have been outdated, but surely an M16 would be of SOME use.

"Not enough bullets." I pointed out the ammo box underneath it. He held up a round from his belt. Stainless steel. He had to have read my thoughts. "Silver."

There was a crash as something flew into the room. It made a hissing noise, launching at the team. Gunshots, flashes of light, and bullets filled the room. I could hear my daughter crying and screaming from the next room over.

"ALLISON!" I yelled, pushing up off of the floor. I didn't care if i died or not. But someone grabbed me and pulled me down.

"ITS NOT WORTH IT" I wanted to argue, but he was yanked up from his spot next to me. The creature bit into his neck, spraying blood over the side of my face. I lurched forwards, snapping the gun from his side and unloading a magazine point blank into the creature's face. It was a horrific sight. It was part man, except it had wings and teeth larger than anything I've ever seen. It's tongue was forked, and its skin was too pale. Fur covered most of the body, and one COULD call it a vampire. But I didn't care what it was called.

The shotgun trembled in my hand as a battle filled the room. Slowly I made my way to the wall, and the team changed positions, each now holding down a window. I threw open the door to Ally's room, shot gun armed and ready. But I didn't have to defend my five year old daughter. I-I had to kill her. 

"Daddy? Daddy I'm hungry." She took a step towards me, her jaw trembling and shaking as much as my hand was. The creature that caused this, he was long gone. It was just me and her.

"Daddy knows sweet pea. Go back to bed and you'll get breakfast in a little bit." I knew what had to be done, I just didn't have the heart to do it. Why of all people did it have to be me? Why couldn't I just have had another miserable day?

Somehow, in the midst of my inner turmoil, the hell outside ended. And they found their way to the room.

"17-54!" A gunshot finished what I couldn't bring myself to. Some unfathomable force shoved me to my knees, the gun still gripped in my hands. The light of my life had just gone out. There was no purpose to live anymore.

"Kill me." Silence filled the room. They began to walk out, and I pumped the shotgun. They pulled me off of it, taking it back.

"NEVER try that shit again. We just saved your ass, the least you could do is not die." As they all left and dispersed, I was left with a blood spattered, gut filled apartment. What purpose was to this mayhem? Why had God punished me so? If he couldn't prevent this, I no longer wanted to be man. I no longer wanted to be the sole entity of his image. Because I'm damn well sure this wasn't how he pictured us.

"God took away my life. It's time I take away his" I grabbed my daughters head and plunged her fangs into my wrist. I was either a vampire or dying. Either way, I was fine with the outcome. Everything went a shade of red, and I suddenly was overcome with a sense of hunger, a lust that couldn't be filled. I ripped the head off of a man I just fought with, and the others trained their aim on me. "Your pearly gates have just become blood stained."

