Am I speaking to myself again? 
Well, that would answer my question, I guess. 
Every now and then, I see no harm in letting my brain loose. You would be amazed, he has extraordinary powers when my `petty human perception releases its boundaries around it`, as he so often likes to phrase it. The more I let him sit at the steering wheel of this skinny body of ours... Argh, I should quit that ugly habit of giving him a personification. It encourages it, encourages it to exercise its marvelous powers. Marvelous, indeed. 
I remember growing up, I remember my first kiss and my first black eye. But parts of my past are blurry, I do my best to clear the view, over and over. But somehow, I find my self scrambling in the fog, again and again.  


`Where were you last night?` asked my sister Nina over the phone. `We were sick worried about you, at some moments I could swear I did not see You in those drunken eyes of yours.` 
So, He must have taken control yesterday.`Ah, don`t worry dear, I was drunk that`s all` What else I could have done after discovering my hands were involved in executing more than half a million men. 
He did dare me... I was too ignorant, a boy who was once fooled by my own brain. I wonder if anyone would believe me?
`Okay brother, please, do take care of yourself. Your award came in an unfortunate time. Do yourself a favor and spend it on things that will distract you from your loss.` She hung up with a sigh. 
Those words sounded forced. How else does one talk about the death of their loved ones? 
Stupid boy! Why did I get tricked by that monster? 
I knew what was coming, I should have reacted. Making a deal with It was an act of a young corrupted me. Dreaming big dreams, yet not able to fight my own madness. He promised me a fortune, the likes of which my eyes have never seen before. He was right about that, $550,000 in nickels was a remarkable sight. But not worth it, not worth it at all. 
Even though I had second thoughts, I never backed off. Sure, backed off meant suicide, but perhaps even that would not be too much of a price to pay for his destruction. Our games started early, he liked to scare me when I was a baby. Portraying horror pictures in my head. Making me cry, driving my parents crazy. His games went on, one worse from the other. Had me fooled at least a dozen times a day. He continued doing that until I finally lost my mind. Or rather, until he finally managed to get a hold of it. Just for a second, but a second none the less. 
He promised me I would overcome this. He promised that he would leave me alone once I gained a fortune. He made me swear I would let him use my body for one whole day before my coming to sanity. The day passed, and here I am, staring at a massive hoard of nickels. Each and every one forever carved into my conscience.