The star was dying.

Feeler drones reported back, displaying images of the black spots spreading across its surface. Wherever the tideships went death followed. The confluence deliberated, relocation was the only option.

Three days later the star had died completely, the world was turning to ice. The hive evacuated in standard procedure, twenty five ships heading in twenty five directions. Two passed too close to the third planet, the grey industrial world of the Hansa and were destroyed by automated systems. One flew directly into a confrontation between the numerous tiny tideships and a lumbering Hansa dreadnought. It did not survive. None of this was important, twenty two had survived. 

On ship seventeen the local confluence deliberated. A new planet must be found and settled, the hive must continue. Systems with Hansa or tideships were now considered unsuitable. They were not safe. 

Forty five lightyears out a suitable world was discovered. Sunbringer ships crowded the inner system, weaving an intricate pattern of golden filaments over the second world in the system but the outer worlds were free. The ship settled on the moons of a gas giant. Drones were spawned, habitats built. The confluence had succeeded in its mission. 

Seventeen years on a thriving colony had been established. No messages were recieved from the other confluences. It was unimportant, the hive had survived. Many messages were heard from the Sunbringers, filled with strange vibrations the confluence did not understand. They had increased with intensity in the last five months as Sunbringer ships began to explore this part of the system. It did not matter, the Sunbringer habitats were not on par with that of the hive. It would not need these moons. 

The first indication that something was wrong came when Sunbringer ships began to weave around the gas giant the hive orbited. Feeler drones measured a substantial increase in pressure and heat from within the giant, in addition to the ever increasing noises of the Sunbringers. Some had even landed on the moon and approached the habitat but the doors were sealed, they were not required by the hive. The confluence decided to launch seven colony ships for posterity. The colony had survived sufficiently long to spare the expense.

Ship seven was the last to launch, as far as the local confluence knew it was the only one to witness what happened to it's home system. The gas giant ignited into a miniature sun. It engulfed the nearest moons, among which was the original habitat. Sunbringer ships settled on those further out, now hot enough to sustain their habitats. There was nothing to be done. The local confluence decided to not settle on systems containing Sunbringers in the future. 

It took a long time to find a suitable system. Several times Voidcraft fired upon the colony ship. They seemed warning shots though, only fired when nearing too close to certain systems and did not appear to have murderous intentions. The confluence began to recognise Void transmissions and adjusted its path accordingly. Eventually it settled in the asteroid belt of a system with a blue star and no planets. There as not much air, but the star ought to provide ample energy for solar collection and the asteroids were rich in minerals. Several habitats were constructed about the belt, utilising fusion and solar collection to generate the air the drones required. 

For three years the hive expanded aggressively. It still had not heard from the original ships, nor from any of the other six colony boats. More colonies needed to be established to maintain the hive. Halfway through the third year a domed greenship entered the system. The hive did not approach it, there had been no encounters with such ships before. After a period of several 'days' surveying the star the greenship launched countless drones into the asteroid belt. When they encountered hive colonies they released transmissions back to the greenship who then attempted to communicate, again with strange vibrations. The hive did not respond. 

The greenship left the system, taking many of its drones with it. But not all, and the ones that were left began aggressively scouring the asteroid belt. The hive attempted to destroy them, but they were too numerous. Even though they did not attack the hive they replicated faster than it could destroy them. Over time the hive began to notice solar output dropping. The drones were carting the asteroids to around the star, building a massive sphere to contain its energy. The confluence calculated it would take seven months for energy to become too low to sustain its presence. So it built thirteen colony ships and left.

Ship twelve travelled for many, many years with no success. Often it approached suitable stars only to measure their output drop and, on closer inspection, greenships were observed in orbit. Hansa dreadnoughts and tideships continued to wage war against the cosmos. Sometimes minor flareups were observed as they clashed with the Sunbringers or with Voidcraft. Everywhere they fought the stars died. 

Eventually ship twelve discovered a world untainted by conflict or prior claims. It wasn't much. A dwarf planet barely more than an asteroid orbiting a white dwarf on the outer edge of one of the spiral arms. As a precaution the confluence built two colony ships almost as soon as the habitat was operation, it did not have sufficient resources to build more without a significant decrease in survival chances for the habitats. The confluence struggled, but it survived. 

Four years later a single, quite small, ship approached the white dwarf star. It looked like a quicksilver droplet frozen in midair. On its side, a strange pattern in blue and white.  It contacted the hive, first with the strange vibrations in countless arrangements, then direct blinking of lights on and off. Finally it attempted telepathy. This the hive understood. Conversation was disjointed to say the least but the new ship eventually persuaded the hive to send a single colony to accompany it. 

Together they journeyed back across the breadth of the galaxy. This new ship had some mystical power for the were unmolested, even as they went directly through battlegrounds and Voidspace. Within a few short weeks the local confluence detected a very strange mix of signals. They enterred a wholly unremarkable system that was completely abuzz with activity. The confluence noted Voidcraft, Hansa dreadnoughts, miniature greenships, Sunbringers, tideships and a whole host of other ships it had never encountered. Yet they did not fire on each other, merely congragated on a small blue-green planet, third from the sun. The new ship directed the hive to land in an open air habitat literally in between a tideship and a dreadnought. Apprehension was felt as the confluence was guided by strange bipedal creatures to a central building. There new bipedal creatures instructed it to wait before a massive assembly. A creature at the head of the crowd spoke in strange vibrations that a telepathic box the hive had infront of it translated.

"People of the United Nations. I come here before you to address the continuing hostilities between the Netherland Interstellar Union and Greater Germany, as well as affiliate conflicts with Russian Sovereign Space, the Arabic Stellar Creation Union, the Chinese Neo Communist League and the Dyson Foundation of North and South America. What you see before you is a representative of a species who had its home star destroyed in the opening stages of the war and since, due to the expansionist nature of all those present, has had several attempts to rebuild thwarted. We discovered around a Class F star deemed unsuitable for sentient habitation. Please, tell your story."

The confluence deliberated, and then it spoke.