John squinted at the brightness. The sting of antiseptic reached his nostrils and the world slowly came into focus. 

“How do you feel, Mr. Doe?” A beautiful young doctor came in to view, concern etched across her face. She was flanked by an older man with a clipboard, white hair and beard framing his face. He peered over top of the glasses on his nose at John, a satisfied smile appearing.

“I believe he is feeling just fine, Dr. Halsey.”

John found his voice. “Where am I? and who are you?”

“Mr. Doe, we are your caretakers. My name is Dr. Crawford. You’ve been asleep for quite some time. It took especial care to wake you up, one hundred years later than planned, in fact. We’ve been able to keep your body stable; however, you may be experiencing a great deal of memory loss from that much inactivity.”

John shook his head, trying to clear away imaginary cobwebs and think clearly. The only thing he remembered… his hand went quickly to his chest. The dog tags were still there, cool against his skin.

“Yes, Mr. Doe, you were a soldier. You participated in the war to end all wars. This time, we were successful. I am afraid that it was so atrocious, so horrifying, that we finally fight no more.”

Dr. Halsey leaned in close and spoke warmly, the smile reaching her eyes. “It’s over John. Everything is right now.”

It took hours to learn how different the world was. In those hours, John learned to walk again. It would have taken years in his own lifetime. He kept the last name Doe because his own was marred by the bullet hole in his dog tags, a reminder of the injury that put him under in the first place.

It took days for John to travel, free of charge, to the wonders he longed to see while trapped in that bloody trench. It would have taken decades in his own lifetime. 

On each return trip, he met with Elizabeth Halsey and talked about his recovery, and the world he was now born into. She was sweet, and a friendship blossomed, but something was missing.

John knew that the truth of the matter was that no utopia was perfect. If it was, there would be no story, no tension, no struggle. True utopias aren’t written about. They are post-climax. There is no catastrophe, and thus no narrative. Being a non-native to the utopia, it took John a few weeks to realize just what was wrong. 

He made an appointment with Dr. Crawford. 

“John, how are you enjoying your adjustment?”

“That’s just it, doc. I figured out what’s not working. It’s me.”

“Oh?” The glasses came off and the first truly disturbed look John had seen on an enlightened face rested on Dr. Crawford.

“Yeah, see, you were right. The world really was perfect on the day I woke up. But I wasn’t. I’m a relic of a time long overdue for change. I fought in that war because I knew that. But I think I also knew I wasn’t fighting to save it for myself. I got lucky waking up and getting to see it all pay off, and I’m grateful, but I don’t belong here. It’s like having a leftover piece to a puzzle. When you try to put it all together, it’s so much more frustrating because it doesn’t fit.”

Crawford look confused. He really didn’t know what that was like.

John sighed. “See, now there’s a problem. And the problem with the world is me.”

Silence.

“Put me back under, doc. It’s what I want.”

Two hours later, he was back in the familiar bed. Dr. Crawford tapped the sedative and injected it into the IV bag. 

“Hey, doc, tell Elizabeth I’m sorry?”

“Sure thing, son.”

John drifted to sleep.