“Are you really going to eat that?”
“Quiet, water flask!”
“How dare you, I AM ARCANO! Lord of illusory magics, realm walker of the great den of Morgoth! First of the Order of the White staff, dread-lord of the Hinterlands and arcane champion of the Green Castle.”
“I still fill you with water. Besides... I'm Grogneck the Stone Barbarian.”
“Well, you're more like a bolder, the way you've been putting away those drumsticks.”
“Stones are supposed to be heavy, flask.”
“Look, I just told you that I'm--”
Suddenly a crack! Flames enveloped the pair.
“Grogneck!” shouted a red robed wizard, hurriedly preparing his next assault.
“Sylros the Red. So good for you to join me for a drink,” replied the Barbarian casually shrugging off the fireball, and guffawing at his own joke.
“Wow, how clever, Grogneck” said Arcano with a sigh.
“I'm not here for drinks, fool! Your moments are numbered, I know all about your flask!”
“Magic flask, embodied by a wizard, everyone...” said a voice from the smoldering sack aside the barbarian.
“You know nothing of my ancient lineage, red one!” bellowed Grogneck producing a large bastard sword from a ridiculously large sheath over his back. “We will end this rivalry now.” Tables tipped and bystanders scattered over chairs, flagons, and glass that was strew about the floor. They raced to doors and windows. Sword in hand, the large warrior charged his opponent but not before slotting the flask under his breastplate.
“Gods, your tits are sweaty...” Arcano grumbled, ignored.
Renewed flames met the sword as it buffeted away another assault. Fire crashed against steel. The tavern, smelling like a forge, began to fill with smoke. Tapestries fell in tatters around the once clean tables, slick with spilled ale.
“Your little magical cantine may have warded my magics but I’ve come prepared this time!”
“Cantine, really? Now, that’s somehow more demeani--” windows broke and smoke filled the room. A great clash and clamor and all sight was lost. A flask he may be but Arcano felt himself leaving the tavern; a move, distinctly, not like Grogneck.
“Who are you?” Arcano posited, his question was met with silence in the smoky void. It wasn’t until hours later, when he felt the burlap removed from his sight, that he understood his predicament.
He was in an encampment. A great bonfire blazed at its center--a signal fire. A burly dark-skinned man seemed to have the attention of the camp. He was delivering instructions to two smaller armored men. Steeling themselves, they left in diverging directions. Leaving Arcano alone, with the big man. “Who are you?” he asked again. This time, he got an answer. “Bark,” he said. 
“Bark… is that a name or a sound?”
“Bark,” he said again. “But, it doesn’t matter. You’re not long for this world little flask.”
For the first time, it sunk in. He was a protective magical ward. Essentially, a threat to all those who considered their primary defense, offence, and methods magical. And, as a material object, that made him vulnerable.
“Bark, what are you doing?”
“Waiting for Sylros,” he said, picking up an axe and running a whetstone along it’s blade.
“And then?” said Arcano, already knowing, dreading the answer.
“And then, you won’t hold water anymore, little flask.”
And, it continued to sink in. For the first time in his life, or unlife, Arcano the immortal wizard questioned his mortality. The dark man picked him up and placed him back in a bag. And Arcano did the only thing that was left for him to do. He waited.
He awoke to a shrill clash, not so different from the clamor back at the tavern.  Metal clashed, men grunted, and once more the sack was removed. And, there was no more Bark. Or at least, Bark had no more head. It rolled there on the ground next to the head of Sylros. 
“Grogneck!” exclaimed Arcano with a rare and unsarcastic glee.
“Little flask! I've returned.” said the Barbarian, strapping the flask to his belt. Arcano felt something, unfamiliar to any of his numerous lifetimes; friendship. He was content and thought for the first time, “maybe this isn't such a bad arrangement.” And then, he was filled with ale. 