"Listen, I think it's very clear that no one's going to protect what precious bit of water that we have left. So.. you know, we need to do it ourselves. But--- I mean, no one's doing it, right?" 

I'd been doing this for so long that I couldn't even remember how it had started. Hours? Days? Not like it mattered anymore. I was trying to save water or some shit. But again, not like it mattered anymore. I had taken center stage and babbled on for long enough to lose focus and feel like a completed idiot. 

It was a nightmare.

I moved about the room in a haze of fractured thoughts, looking to the slowly emptying seats of the room with disappointment. Absentmindedly I jingled through my pockets, hoping to spark anything to get me going. Deep down, beneath my car keys and parking tickets I managed to wrap my fingers around calmness. Two small bits of plastic that gave me strength.

The Gavel-dude in the room, crowing in his watchtower, sputtered to life. "Senator Bingums? I'm going to need to urge you to get back to your point, otherwise you'll have to take a seat and allow us to continue. Last I checked the vote was in favor of Senator Contros' bill to *ahem* 'Dick the ocean right up'."

"And that is exactly why we need *him* more than ever." I pulled the dice from my pocket and placed them on the desk in front of me. "I'm not one to mince words, but L'oquas, high elf of the Seldarian water plains, doesn't take kindly to people fucking with his shit. And so he says unto you: WHO WILL JOIN HIM?"

My arms outstretched, I searched for a combatant to join my side.

The room stirred. Concerned mumbling broke out in harsh whispers that echoed from senator to senator.

Clambering over the banister grumbled an older man, gaunt with age and whispy hair trailing into his face as he waltzed to the center floor.

He was practically tripping over his feet as he moved towards me. Stopping just short of my face, he looked deep into my eyes and shot a smirk across his wrinkled face. In a gesture that was almost automatic, my right arm jumped up and found his shoulder, and his mine. With his other hand, the older man pulled out a bag of dice. "Malklas, Arborial spirit of the Day Dragon, Keeper of the Lost, gladly joins you, L'oquas. Until the end."

"Until the end," I echoed.

"The floor recognizes Barry Denslen, Republican representative for Ohio, entering the fray as his sick alter ego."

We dropped to the floor, criss-cross apple sauce style, and began to draw up the map of our Senatorial dungeon. While some grew curious and moved in for a closer look, one individual rose up to veto.

"I'm sorry, really I am, but what in the hell is going on here? Are we really going to allow this to continue?"

The Gavel-dude pointed his wood hammer to the man, "The floor recognizes Ricky Contros, villain of the day."

"Thank you, Gavel-Master. Now, I can't be the only one who fails to see the point of all this. Let's just shut this down and move on, yes?"

"Sorry, Contros. But I can't stop him as long as he keeps going. And with a little buddy by his side it looks like he'll be going for a while longer. This is 100% legal. Weird, right?"

He sighed, thumbing through his blackberry before dropping it to the floor. "Then I'm in too. I'll take your party down from the inside."

"Good luck, Contros. I think you're a bit out of your league here." I looked to Barry, my D&D mate, and winked super hard. He returned it, and fell asleep in the process. Possibly even saw god. He awoke as Contros moved to the center floor and removed his jacket and placed it on the backend of a chair. He rolled up his sleeves and took a knee just outside the dungeon map I'd drawn up on the floor in chalk. 

"We'll see."

Minutes turned to hours, and the party grew to include three archers, two mages, one demon hunter, and sixteen hobbits. And one wily Imp Mage who invaded the party at every turn.

Contros.

The sweat on his brow was thick. His dice roll was amazing. 

He was into it. And he was brilliant.

The D20 hit the floor. Several of my party mates' HP hit zero. They stood and left the room, looking back at me as they left with regret in their eyes. 

Contros cracked his fingers and leaned back into the banister. "Looks like I'm gonna be dicking the ocean before sunrise, ain't I, bingums?"

"There's still hope," I lied.

I looked to Barry. He was fading. Ragged and tired. Like, honestly on the cusp of death. I tapped him on the shoulder. "You still with me, Malklas?"

He looked up to me, peering above the spectacles that hung on the edge of his nose. "Always," he said. "Always."

Contros had us in the sandpit with no way out. Our entire party was gone. Things weren't looking good.

"Do you concede, Elf?" his laughter was forced and dickish.

Then it occurred to me, the game wasn't over just yet. 

"I am the High Elf Democrat representative for the Bogan district. I am L'oquas. I--"

Barry stabbed Contros in the heart with a massive knife. 

"Go fuck yourself, IMP!" 

"Oh my god, Barry. What did you do?!"

"Everything's legal during a filibuster. Haven't you heard?

"It definitely is not! This isn't the purge, man."

I looked around, expecting armed guards to move in and reprehend Barry for his most recent murder. 

But nothing. Our campaign had lasted for seven weeks and everyone was gone.

Only the cameras remained, broadcasting everything for an audience of millions.

The ratings on C-Span had never been higher. And through a series of bold rebranding moves the network would move from covering hearings to live D&D campaigns.

The age of Malklas would last for decades.