"No" said the other General, who was not insane. "Summoning a Evil giant tentacle monster would be a fucking stupid thing to do."

"Oh yeah" replied the 1st General who's name is Steve.

" We have so many other options. Lets use a thousands of nukes." The second General then gave the order to fire nukes at the mother ship, but it didn't have any effect because it had a shield.

" Damn it Terry you have doomed us all!" shouted Steve. " Now the alien thing will kill us all and we do not have enough time to sommon Cthulhu. What is your major malfunction!"

The door to the room where General Steve and Terry were arguing about whether or not to summon Cthulhu to fight aliens and shit opened. Colonel Gary marched in with a tall man who's name is not Jeff Goldblum. " Sir, you need to listen to what Jeff Goldblum has to say. It could save the world" said the recently promoted Brigadea General Gary.

"Um, hey thank you Colonel Gary, but my name is not Jeff Goldblum" Said Jeff Goldblum. " Generals if I may" the man who was not Jeff Goldblum took a coke can out of Terry's hand and injected it with a computer virus and placed it on a desk. " Now watch what happens when I shoot this can" Jeff Goldblum shot the aids infected coke can and no shield appeared.

" That is amazing" declared Terry

" Son you might have just saved this country. And also the rest of the shitty world that is not America". Tears streamed down General Steves face as he stood, hand on heart listening to the national, and therefore world athem of America. "And too think I wanted to summon Cthulhu".

So Jeff Goldlum set off in a space ship they had, and gave the alien mothership computer aids using a typewriter. Steve and Terry got married and moved to  a small farm in upstate Kentucky. They had a full and happy life together, adopting and raising 3 children from Vietnam. Terry died in Spring of 2007. Steve is still visted by his 3 children and their families often enough so he is not alone, but part of him went with Terry that warm April afternoon in St Marys hospice. Something that no amount of time or happiness can bring back, but will always stay with him in the memories he has of the time he spent with his beloved Terry. Also no one ever summoned Cthulhu as that would just make things worse.
