Claustrophobia was never much of an issue for me until the universe ran out of space. 

"Damn it all, Esteban, if you sing that song one more time-"

"It's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes," Esteban said, accent making the lyric more comical than it had any right to be. 

We were all jammed together in the Big Crunch, the outer limits of the universe now giving us all a couple millimeters each to breath. 

I used my couple of millimeters to wind up and try to punch Esteban in the stomach. He just laughed. 

"You know it's true, muchacha. The universe is gonna be one steamy orgy in a minute."

He was right, of course. The heat was impossibly intense, hotter than the stars had ever been. We were lucky; immortality had come with a rather sensible negation of pain. We still felt it, of course, but it didn't burn our indestructible flesh, and that meant no pain receptors fired. 

The indignity was the real issue. There were dozens of us in here. So many immortals spawned from so many cliches. 

Though to be honest, after so much time, everything was cliche. 

In a way, it was the ultimate quandary of physicists throughout all of existence. What happens when the inexorable heat death of the universe meets the uncrushable flesh of immortals spawned by some cosmic narrator's whim?

Esteban happened. So many jokes about heat and, inevitably, sex. He had gone a much more hedonistic route with his immortality than most of us. Of course, he was crushed right up against me. 

"I gotta say, mija, the two of us, we really lucked out. At least we're both sexy. You see those two over there?" He flicked his brown eyes over toward a very uncomfortable pair.  "Shawn and...Eugene? All squished together? Neither one of them is even gay." 

"Give it a few thousand years," Shawn shouted from across the group. 

This was without a doubt the least lucky I had ever been. I'd take Eugene any day. 

Still, there was hope. We were pretty sure that there was a way to restart things, to cause another Big Bang and renew the universe. 

Esteban had an idea. I was at least 85% certain it wouldn't work. 

"Mija. Ey, mija. Don't you think it's possible?"

I rolled my eyes. "No, no, I do not."

"Aw, come on," he whined. "I mean, what's it hurt to try?" 

"Esteban, we are not going to restart the universe by having a 'Big Bang' orgy. That's stupid and you're stupid." 

He looked a little hurt. Good. 

In truth, there was likely nothing we could do to  accelerate the process. We would have to wait however long it took until we couldn't be compressed together any more. That was, by the accounts left behind by past generations of immortals, the only way to start things off right. 

Waiting. You'd think we'd be better at it by now. 

Esteban was a pig, but he was an honest pig. At least I had that. I could've been bunched up against Nel, on the other side of the pack. 

Still, the first thing I was doing once sentient life got going again was starting up a convent. "The Order of Chaste Esteban-haters" was a rather appealing name. 

That would be millions or billions of years from now, even with our help. 

Even packed up against a shameless womanizer, I had to admit this could be worse. 

I could be in here alone. 


