"This sucks," said D'Am'Kaorm, Devourer of The Weak, Consumer of Souls, Harbinger of The Deep, He Who Lives In The Shadows, Master of Chaos, Destroyer of Hope, Reality Breaker, Hellbringer, Deathlord, and King of Eternity.

"I feel you bro," said Dave.

"I just don't get the same thrill any more, y'know? Back in the Third Epoch I'd devour like, five planets every day. Five planets, man. Nowadays I have to force myself just to eat one lousy civilisation."

Dave continued cleaning the glass in his hand, nodding thoughtfully.

"I dunno, Dave, do you think I've lost my touch?"

"Listen, Kaorm, you're just going through a rough patch, buddy. Everybody in here knows that you're the best. Right, guys?"

A drunken cheer came from Xvzumbuvazx sat near the back of the room. His infinite voices echoed for eternity, as usual.

"You see, man? You've got nothing to worry about."

"I guess," said Kaorm, sighing heavily.

"Look, I can see that this is really getting to you, so I tell you what."

Kaorm looked down at Dave with his All Seeing Eye, tentacles twitching.

"I got a tip from someone the other day. Told me about this awesome planet on the other side of the universe. She's a real beauty. Lot's of souls, nice location, excellent view. But the best part..."

Kaorm raised his All Seeing Eyebrow.

"... the whole place is under the care of The Holy Trinity!"

"You're joking."

"I'm serious, man," said Dave, giving a conspiratorial smirk.

"Well, I'll be damned. Haven't seen Him in eons. What was it we used to call Him back in school?"

"Princess Trinny, right?"

"Oh shit, because of the pink lunchbox!"

They both burst out laughing. Kaorm's booming voice extinguished a nearby star, ending the lives of fifteen billion people. After a long while he settled down, wiping away an All Seeing Tear.

"Well you know what, Dave, I suddenly feel a lot better. Thanks, man."

"Any time, Kaorm. Shall I put the drinks on your tab?"

"That'd be great, actually. I think I'll go pay a visit to our old friend."

"Have a good time, bro!"

Fifteen centuries later, a great shadow loomed over Earth...