At the moment Jason's brain's had practically stopped working. His eyes were as wide as Clara's legs had been for that guy she met at the bar. Name was probably Chris or something. But that's probably not who that whore dumped Jason for.

"I can't be tied down to one person." It would've been better to write "I'm a whore and love sleeping around." That was good and all, but currently the talking teddy bear was the priority. It was around 10-12 years old. The only reason he even found it was that he had turned the place upside down trying to find the gift he had bought for Clara for their fifth anniversary coming up next week.

After about a minute of standing shocked, Jason's brain was finally able to make a couple of sounds. At first the sounds were along the lines of "whaaa.. ooooo......" And then they evolved the the ever so slightly more comprehensible "Nonononononono, what the fuck???" 

The bear responded quite coolly "You look a bit confused.... Ohhh you weren't talking to me, were you?? Well fuck me in the ass..." He then looked up at Jason and gave the dirtiest smile possible for a knee high teddy bear. "If it makes you feel any better." 

At this point Jason couldn't possibly be more awe-stricken. That was something that the teddy didn't like. He walked over towards Jason, jumped and slapped him as hard as a soft toy can. And then some. He flew back and hit the wall so hard that cracks appeared in it.

Finally Jason came to his senses "What the fuck are you?" He completed forgot about the nearly broken wall behind him as he stood back up.

"That's more like it.." The teddy bear began to float mid-air. "I'm the devil, though you can call me Lucifer." Now there were around 5 voices coming out of his mouth. "Ya know what, I've decided I like you.. So, as a friend, I wanna show you something."

Before Jason could respond, his room turned completely dark. A few seconds later, the room started to light up again. But it wasn't the same room. He didn't recognise this room. As Jason looked around, he saw Clara fucking some random guy. He clenched his fists. After a few seconds they were in a different room. In this one, it was a different guy. Then another one, and another, and another. After about 25 rooms and 6 guys, Lucifer started talking again. That was from the 6 months you dated her. He laughed in probably more than 10 voices. "I think you were lucky to have her leave you, don't you?" 

Jason's eyes were now red-shot, his hands pale from all the clenching. Lucifer floated over to the door and telekinetically opened it. It opened right into Clara's front yard. The door closed quickly. 

Lucifer laughed again in at least a hundred voices. His eyes started glowing red. "Jason, I think you should" he put his hand inside his mouth and down his throat. He repeated this action until he nearly gagged himself. He puked out some human blood and a kitchen knife. The knife was now floating in front of Jason "pay Clara a visit." He was now laughing again and simultaneously coughing out blood. 

Jason was speechless and simply grabbed the knife. He opened the door while behind him Lucifer was still laughing.

___________


Clara had just come out of the shower. She checked her phone and realized something, someone had sent Jason break-up texts from her phone... This was bad, very bad. Especially after the incident with Chris. Jason never believed that he was just a drunk fling. He would be absolutely broken...

'DING-DONG'

Who could it be at this ungodly hour...




~on mobile so sorry for formatting.




