**Edit:** It was late when I wrote this and it has a lot of errors, you can find the corrected version on my own subreddit. [Here's a direct link to the revised story.](https://www.reddit.com/r/quiteawhile/comments/5zl1rc/wp_toppling_an_empire_for_the_thrill_of_it/)

---

Never in my wildest dreams did I expect this to happen. Of course I always felt I was smarter and more rational than most people, but I always figured this was on account of my huge ego. Until my 25's I honestly planned to be a professional guitarist, but my band never took it very seriously. We eventually split ways, I even tried again a few times but most people are into bands for the fame, not for the music. After a while I decided it was about time for me to make a living as a regular person. I ended up going to economics school, which as it turns out I have a knack for, and I was in a well-off firm in Wall Street in no time.

It was probably all the drugs but I never even stopped to think how much money I was making and how quickly, nor how that would affect me. My career skyrocketed so quickly that when I realized it I was already far beyond the solar system. I had no more contact with my family, they stopped calling years ago, nor did I had any true friends, only people I called when I wanted company.

Once I gave a beach party, only it was a private beach and I did it through a shell company so no one knew I had anything to do with it. I even made them hire my past bandmates current shitty band, it was as decadent as I expected. By then the novelty of what I could do with all that money was wearing thin and I overdid it. Worse yet, I realized I was bored. Nothing arose my interests anymore, nothing except my ever rising career.

I suspect that if someone were ever to find out what happened they'd say this was when my plan was conceived. I don't think most people will chose to believe this but in reality I was just incredibly bored. I had, even before my time in the band, already realized that rich people were the reason that poor people were poor. It makes sense for them to want it that way, it's easier to get richer if there are less people in the game. But in my youth not only did I not know how to play but I never figured I'd suddenly find myself in the middle of the game. There, at that party full of depravities, I decided to beat the game.

I worked like crazy, not only during office hours but I also researched how people mind's worked. I started with the basics, like psychology and game theory. Those I already had a good feeling for, but then I went into more recent fields, mashing them around to find tools to use. I tested the theories whenever I could, by then I already had control over various competently-led companies that allowed me to make micro-tests without much personal effort.

I eventually reached the limit of publicly available research and started creating my own through various think-tanks. One of those was a psychometrics focused research group that tested various behavioral economics theories, trying to identify patterns in a mind boggling amount of data, which was sold by companies like Facebook and Reddit on the cheap because it was primarily used for advertising purposes. 

I didn't play by the rules of the game, so by my fifties I already had at least one finger in all the old and deep pockets of the world. I'm not talking about companies you think today when you think about money, like Goldman Sachs, they are only the bouncers of a very, very small party. I'm talking about the six or so families and companies that hold most of the money in the world. I knew I could never reach them, they had too much of a head start. By all my might I couldn't reach half of what any one of them held, but I never intended to. All I needed was to bring them down above me.

And that is exactly what I did. I designed a plan and spent a couple more years preparing myself for it, building up my reserves and planting enough decoys for it all to seem an accident until too late. I leaked documents and tapes, I elected presidents and I fabricated scandals, and then I waited. Like a building planned for demolition just after the charges are detonated it all seemed to hand there for a split second and then it came crashing down. 

Riots, massive blackouts, shortage of food. I had done it, I had beat the game and toppled the bosses empire. And no one will ever know, the historians will likely say that it was doomed from the start, that capitalism isn't a stable monetary system, that eventually the inequality becomes too apparent and something else has to take it's place. But I'll always know that I did it because I could.

---

Thanks for reading this far, this is only my second writing prompt! If you liked this maybe you'll also like some of my fantasy/sci-fi, you can find two other short stories at /r/quiteawhile.

Also, besides how much I had to type "I", which was intentionally because this character is unbearable, sorry if my english felt weird, it's not my first language.

I appreciate any feedback, I've struggled with motivation to write in the past and even knowing that you read it is awesome.