We’re living a lie.
	
Everyone thinks we’re the strongest warriors of all time, the legendary *Great Ones.* We’re supposed to be hunting the all-mighty dragon, supposed to save the world from complete and utter ruin. Every time I look down at my blade I chuckle—the creatures of this world are so foolish.
	
We’re sitting around our campfire, just outside a once-bustling town. We’re wearing big smiles, laughing and telling fake stories as we hope to attract travelers. It’s been a good night but we’re never full because there’s always *more* food to be eaten. This act can be overbearing but it’s worth it.
	
We must devour all we can before people find out that we work for the dragon, that we slaughtered the Great Ones like rats. Their taste was delicious, though. That alone made this worth it. Now we must keep the armies at bay, must pretend we will handle a problem that’s only growing larger and larger.
	
Moments pass, maybe hours. At the top, time’s infinite. When the others are all asleep, I’m still up, tending a dying fire. My magic’s wearing off. I need to rest before I start reverting back to my normal form.
	
But just then, there’s a rustle in the bushes, and a light giggle. With a sickly smirk on my face, I leave my partners behind. They quit too early, so they lose their chance at dessert.
	
“*He’s coming over here!*”
	
“*Oh my god, it’s him!*”
	
Soft voices, light voices. My stomach rumbles. I’m fairly certain I know what these are, and when I push the leaves to the side and sees a few floating pixies, I feel like I could faint. One of them’s even wearing my outfit—or, well, the outfit of the Great One I’m pretending to be.
	
“Why hello,” I say. Four of them. No, five. Another just danced out the grass. They’re all so small and happy, dressed up with rosy red cheeks and beautiful golden wings. Pixies are fast, though. I must play this carefully. “Your costumes are amazing!”
	
I hold my hands out and tell them all to sit down. They bounce up and down, excited, slinging dust everywhere. My hands flash for a second, I’m starting to turn back—they won’t notice until it’s too late.
	
Cupping them tight, I raise them up to my face. They start asking a billion questions, and the one dressed up as me seems the most excited. I let them go for a few minutes without answering a single one, and when they start to look worried, I chuckle.
	
“Wanna see something cool?”
	
Excitement refilled, they nod, and this time, I let myself fully revert. My long, sharp  teeth hang down over them, and my blood red eyes pierce their souls. The look of terror on their face as they release what they’ve encountered, as they think about all the people we’re betraying—that’s *true* beauty.
	
Before they can fly away, I shove them into my mouth and chew. It’s true what they say—nothing tastes sweeter than the blood of a pixie.
***
This one got a little dark, and might have even gone off prompt. But I hope it's good! If you like this story, check out my sub /r/LonghandWriter or my twitter [BryceBealWriter](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter)