"Skaliton, the man of the hour. And even now he jokes." the reporter said over the sound of the cameras.

"Guys, I am serious. Like . . here someone come arm wrestle me. It doesn't even have to be someone that strong, basically pick any random guy in his 20's" I responded. The laughter continued.

"Champ, I don't think anyone wants their arm broken or worse. I mean you DID just take down the rest of the power 8 singlehandedly without casualties. And even before that you have saved the world numerous times." Another reporter said trying to hold back the laughter.

". . . I am being serious, that last monster fell into a giant pit which was caused by mining in the area. And the rest" the laughter continued and grew louder. Seriously, do they not consider what I am saying is true? I mean the mining records are available. I'm sure if someone looks they will just decide that I knew that and used it as a strategy.

"Ok fine, I exercise and eat healthy plus that other hero stuff you all think I do. Now excuse me I'm going to have about 12 'not beers' at the top of the power 8 tower." I said as I opened the door.

After a few minutes I got to the fridge and grabbed the first 6 pack. Normally you'd think that I check the news but I already know it will be filled with reports of 'The always humble Skaliton saved Mega City yet again' and similar statements. I opened the window and stared off as I often do after I somehow fumble through another rescue or whatever.

This goes on for some time until I get to the last one and decide to get more. Just for a moment I turn on the TV- it is nice to hear how great this lucky drunk is. I toss the empty bottle over my shoulder and start walking towards the fridge when I hear.

"Twice in one day. He saves the city again." I glance towards the tv and see a giant crater in the woods before the news switches to a low quality cell phone video of a beer bottle bumping a meteor just outside the tower which somehow redirects it into the forest.

"For fucks sake" I thought as I grabbed the other beer out of the fridge and prepared for the media to ask the same questions as they did just moments ago.