My first patient of the day walked in and promptly collapsed.

"Oh wow, going straight in, are we? I can work with this." I said, yawning as I got up and walked over to the now spasing and frothing person I had to save. I did the first part quickly. I shut his mouth closed firmly and closed his nostrils. The foam should go back down his throat and into his lungs as he struggles to breath, and he should be dead right about....

I dropped the new corpse that was too be the patient onto the floor, and started my chant. Most necromancers need a bunch of ritualistic preparations, but since I'm the world's best necromancer, just the chat will do. I had to contain a yawn in the middle of the casting, but otherwise no hiccups, and it worked like it usually did: Sky turning dark,  the corpse's veins started popping out and flowing with a black ooze that was basically magic blood. I felt my emotions become more and more hazy, but that returned after a purification ceremony I had rigged to activate when I fell asleep. 

Anyways, after the first verse, my patient shot upright and started panting like he still needed to breathe. Maybe it was a side affect of the death by suffocation, but it was still hilarious.

"Good morning, my name is Erik, and I'll be your new god starting now." I smiled, and his eyes widened in terror as he remembered what happened.

"Y-y-you killed me!!" He screamed in outrage, with a stutter I was guessing came from birth, or whatever his alcoholic mother had told him as an excuse.

"Y-y-yes I did. Now, do you wanna be unkilled in the next 7 minutes please, I have a... Coffee appointment with my secretary." I used the monthly codeword for me and my secretary having relations easily, while also mocking his stutter. That sentence definitely made me a bad- WORSE person. 

Now, taking in his shocked silence, I took it as a yes, and put my strong hand on his shoulder. I immediately pulled it back, having sensed the problem, and went into the cabinets I have in the back of my office, behind my desk. I whipped up a solution, and gave him a drink.

"Finish it in the next thirty seconds, or I inject it." I threatened him, even though as a zombie he couldn't feel pain. I just love making the newbies shake in their boots.

Anyways, he guzzled down the potion like his life depended on it, which it did. He put it down on the table, and I repeated the chant. Then, he fell down like he had been smitten by a God, and then shot upright, having turned back into a being that could feel pain. And needed to breath.

"My diagnosis is that you were poisoned with a special serum, Dog's death. It takes about seven hours to kill you, and cannot be identified, as it makes several traces of excessive chocolate eating in the body. It can only be identified as the poison after the body has perished, since the corpse forcefully releases all bodily fluids within 7 minutes of death. So, to sum it up, you were poisoned, and you have two minutes to get off the property before you piss yourself, and release other liquids I shall not speak of this early in the morning."

The stuttering man immediately ran out with suspicion towards who poisoned him and concern for his pride and his clothing. And also what I'd do if he wet himself in my facilities. I sighed and went back to my desk. It's not easy being so powerful, that when I repeat a resurrection verse, it fully brings the target back to life. But hey, at least now he's cursed to be reborn every time he dies. Like me.