######[](#dropcap)

I could hear him underneath my daughter's bedframe, making himself at home. The ruffling of a bespoke three piece suit and fedora made me feel positively ill. The clink of bar glasses and the sloshing of whisky brought chills to my spine. The faint murmur of a needle scratching against an old 78 RPM Sinatra record disturbed me, even to the very core. But worse yet than all of this, that sound which drove fear into the deepest, darkest corner of my heart, was the sound of his voice. I heard him mumbling, in that ancient Brooklyn-Italian accent, and it was all I could do to keep from running, far far away, to the depths of Arkansaw or Wisconsin where no Mafia Man would ever find me again.

*"Eyy..."*

Then my daughter spoke. She had the voice of an angel, a perfectly neutral accent borne from generations of living in a state without the horror of regional dialects, the way God intended. "Daddy," she cried, pure and sweet save for the stain of abject terror which gripped her from underneath her resting place.

"Daddy, he scares me!" she cried. "Make the mobster go away!"

"I'll do my best," I said, finding my voice even as the smell of expensive liquor aerated from the Mafia Man's glass and hit my nose. It smelled of gambling and illicit loans, and my stomach heaved. "Now Sue, this is very important. What has he said to you?"

"I... I don't want to say it!"

"I know, baby, I know." And then I wanted so badly to wrap my arms around her, to tell her everything would be okay, to hold her close in my arms and forget the world where Mafia Men lurked in the shadows with their hired goons and their Tommy guns. But I could not. I saw, laid underneath the four legs of her cot, a traditional Italian rug, covered with dust and well-trampled as though it had been there for ages. It was a rug used to transport bodies, after their spirits had passed from them and they were on their way to be dumped in the Hudson River. I could not set foot on that rug. It would be the end of my days on this earth, and worse yet, I would curse my wife to the torture of being looked after by the man who killed me. They would call it a courtesy, a twisted apology of sorts that Mafia Men were always obligated to do. 

They would know true fear.

I found the strength to speak again, to be brave for my daughter. "I need to know. There is a way to remove his presence from the house, but I have to know everything he told you."

She wavered, for only a moment, but knowing that the end of the Mafia Man's presence was nigh, she found the courage to speak. "First, he said, 'Well, aren't you a doll.' He offered me a quarter, and said he had a son just my age, and we might be playmates."

"And you refused him?"

"I did, Daddy."

This was a good start. A Mafia Man's boy would be nothing but trouble. When he was young, he would pull on her pigtails and refuse to play house. Then he would grow up, and steal from his father's liquor cabinet, and offer my sweet, precious Sue a taste.

"And then what did he say?"

"He said there had been some nasty criminals on the loose, and 'wouldn't it be a shame if a bunch of men came into my fine shop and started busting up windows?' He said it just like that."

I shook my head. The Mafia Man was offering "protection." It was a cheap tactic; you were damned if you did accept and damned if you did not. But I knew that refusing his offer was the best recourse. He might return in a day (after having "busted" said windows), but I would have time to prepare a more permanent deterrent.

Then another smell hit me. And another. A whole cacophony of olives, onions, ripe tomatoes, and cured meats. Sue smelled it as well.

"Daddy," she sighed, all at once disturbedly calm, "I smell pizza."

"NO!" I yelled. "Cover your nose, Sue!" For it was not the friendly scent of pizza, that old American pastime adapted for Americans as a symbol of peace and prosperity in The Great Melting Pot. This was a foreigner's food. An *old family recipe,* the Mafia Man might say.

*Spaghetti and meatballs.*

Sue's face took on a dreamy haze as hints of garlic and ground beef wafted upward from underneath the bed. Food has always been a child's greatest weakness. It holds great power over even the strongest, most hardened of men. From where she sat it was a wonder she hadn't passed out in exuberation over the accursed meal. But then, it had obviously been tailor-made to woo her, and her alone. If I had not been there, she might have fallen, and the rest of the family would have followed in her wake, malicious and deliberate. 

I gripped my nose tightly, pinching the nostrils closed and taking only the most shallow of breaths. There was only one option now, the most dangerous of them all. It had to be done. As my daughter reveled in the sweet misery of an authentic Italian home-cooked refection, I collected my willpower and set it all forth to laying foot upon the dusty rug.

