"Quiet, Qunitus." Brutus stood at the helm of the class, his armoured hand gripping the marbled podium. His naked hand was resting on the steam engine's lever. "We will discuss the histories of old during next period; the Imperator insists that this demonstration takes place within the allocated break time."


Quintus fell back into silence, as had the rest of the class. They had been taking in the large mechanical wonder behind their professor, pondering what it could possibly be. Brutus pushed the lever into position, revealing two massive infernos beneath the twin chambers resting on the iron platforms. The class gasped at the hidden fires, some edging away, while others edged closer. Within minutes of the reveal, steam began billowing out of exhaust vents as the four giant gears started to turn in unison. From overhead, light began to pour into the room - startling the students.


"Do you understand what has just happened?" Brutus took no time to wait for an answer, assuming the class understood rhetorical nature of his question. "The steam generated by the boiling of the water in the twin cauldrons was forced through a series of pipes and propellers, which in turn drove the gears to turn." Brutus walked over to the machine and pointed at the central gear pair, without taking a moment’s break from his speech. "These two gears each drove the smaller gear beneath them to move the iron rods attached in such a manner that they wound the roof up. As you may have noticed, the roof has been replaced with collapsible bronze plating, to allow for such an event as this."


None of the students understood the implications of a functioning steam engine, but the display had been completed, which was all Brutus cared for. His position was not to showcase the Imperator's power, but to teach the youth of the empire the knowledge needed to separate them from the uncivilized heathens from which every direction was saturated with. "If you have any questions, you may ask Professor Alexander, for he dabbles much more deeply in the sciences behind this than I." The class continued to murmur in awe of how steam was able to move metal, but it died down as the armoured hand of Brutus rose into the air as to silence them.


"So, as the impatient Quintus interjected with questions regarding past civilizations and our own histories, he will lead by setting the bar for basic knowledge that I will assume you all equally have." Motioning for Quintus to speak, Brutus pulled back the lever to silence the roaring fires behind him. "Well... I have an understanding of our rise to glory, but I'm poorly equipped to discuss the ancients."


Brutus knew that was a lie, but appreciated the desire to know that his class shared with him. "Very well, we will start with the mightiest ancients we know of: The Romans, the Mongols, the Marvels, and the most recent to fall: The coalition of the Europeans, Americans, Chinese, and Russanadians, known as the Union Nations." Brutus walked over to a large granite globe, pointing at the southernmost portion of the Roman Leg. "This is where the glory of civilization began, with the birth of Rome. We know very little of the immense empire, but we do know within years they conquered the world. The tales of Julius Caesar, who claimed all of Gaul, Igyt, and then ascending unto Divus Augustus to conquer a distant land called Olympus. Not only did he survive assassination, he then transformed a weak civilization into the strongest empire even known."


Walking over to the now cooled steam engine, Brutus paused for a moment to appreciate man’s potential. "This steam engine isn't even a seed compared to the vast tree of technological prowess the Romans achieved. It's been far too many thousands of years to uncover any of their technology, but the Union Nations viewed the Romans with such unequivocal admiration, that it must've been breathtaking. The Union Nations were able to place man not only on our once whole moon, but on Mars! They lived among the stars, while creating life from machines and ripping apart the very fabric of our realm to use in war. Imagine what awe inspiring power the Romans must've wielded."

As Brutus spoke, he left pauses after each sentence to let them soak in the accomplishments of man. He made his way towards the sundial outside, noting how much longer they had before conscription for daily labour began. "Since we don't have much time left, I'll briefly outline the rest of the histories. After the eventual fall of Rome, there was a period of ruination for man; however, out of this ruin arose the largest empire until the Union Nations. The Mongols, led by Gengis Tzan, had great machines of war called the Horde. While it remains unclear how they worked or what they did exactly, it is clear that they were unchallenged as the supreme weapon of Earth. After Napleson the Great lost control of the empire, the Vacacin led a great crusade which caused an eventual dark ages. The only information we have on this period is of the great heroes."

A few of the students groaned, not wanting to hear of what they thought were mythological exaggerations used as propaganda for the poor peasant rulers of the era. Brutus decided he wanted to hear what his class knew of the Marvels. "Pupils! What do you know of the Marvels? Who were their heroes?" Temjin stood, waiting to be chosen. "Hail Temjin, whom do you know of?" Clearly nervous, Temjin fiddled with his bracer, unhooking it from his black satin toga. "There were the Spider Men, most likely a group of glorified highway men..."

A slight laugh escaped Brutus's mouth, as he turned to face the veranda. He imagined the armoured assassin squad vaulting over the ruins and onto the freshly built gate, it was humorous to imagine highway men doing the same. Piggish obese men, poorly equipped to do anything more than frighten starving country folk. "I highly doubt the retractable whips and hypersensitive annex of their gloves was funded by highway robbery. I understand you're hesitant to accept such incredible tales, but you can take a look outside after class and wonder at the Hollow Moon. You mustn't doubt our capability as man."

Before he could summarize the Union Nations or how their collapse led to the rise of his great people, the horn rung out over all the ambient sounds of college. As the horns song ended, so started the chaos of hundreds of classes all scrambling to be conscripted for the higher quality jobs. Brutus was glad he had secured such an esteemed position so early in the Imperators reign, it allowed him to build rapport with him and secure himself in the innercircle of the Imperators Hall. A sharp *clang* rung out through the room, startling Brutus. A courier gave him a sheepish smile, while looking down to avoid angering a superior. "Hail Philo, a message for Brutus from the Imperator, to be read with haste." He set a folded letter branded with the esteemed seal on the prayer table near the archway, backing away to continue his rounds. 

"What do you want this early in the day?" Brutus retrieved the parchment and read it. 

>Hail Philo, we have secured multiple artefacts that are of importance to your field of interest. Before examination and repurposing, your confirmation of identification and documentation is required. Come with haste, you are relieved of any duties normally your responsibility. 

It was an intriguing letter, clearly something of great importance if it has taken the attention of the Imperator away from beginning laying out plans for industrialization. Brutus wasn't entirely sure what sort of discovery could be so important, but he had an idea of a few things they could be. Having collected his things, he slipped them all into his bag and shouldered it. Once everything was clipped into place, he adorned his cloak, the bright crimson contrasting his dark robes. Upon exiting the college, he flagged down his driver.

"Hail Taxio, to the Imperator's great palace. Slow for none." Before Brutus had fully settled in the back of the chariot, his driver had already pulled out and onto the ancient road of Hiw Ay, the horses showing little regard for the many poorly filled potholes in the cement. It had taken decades to undo the millennia of ruin and yet it was barely traversal for the finest horses. But if there was a significant discovery, it was the only route worth considering. Brutus hoped the archaeological team had uncovered perhaps the remains of a metal limb or more of the rarely preserved scrolls in one of their plastic sleeves. Deep in thought, he admired the armour the adorned his left hand; a near perfect replication of armour worn by the Iron Avenger, Stark. Some of the most valuable metals known to man were imbued in his mark of excellence, bestowed upon him by the Imperator in the first year of his reign. 

________

I will continue this later on, I didn't fully align my writing with the prompt. It made me think of this concept and I'm inspired by it more. 