Here we see an adolescent Homo Sapien, male, attempting the strange ritual the call "flirting" in the primitive tongue they call "English". Here, the male approaches the female, seen picking up some books (like infoscans they put on what they called "paper", which came from what they also called "trees") from her storage compartment. He is a friend of hers, a fact that he hopes will make it easier to attract her as a mate, but will likely result in a strain in between the social group they belong to. He begins by putting his hand on a nearby storage compartment, leaning over it slightly, trying to appear relaxed, when in reality, his fight or flight instincts are telling him to leave the danger zone immediately.

"Hey, uh... So the school dance is... ummm..." Starts the male. It is at this point it becomes clear that he did not prepare for this, and he try's to backtrack. "And I was wondering if you wanted to come with me and Mike!" Smooth move, the male is now employing what ancient, 20th to 21st century humans called "Damage Control". By implying this isn't a mating ritual, but rather a tribal one, the male hopes to recover from the damage he thinks he has caused himself, not realizing that he is making things monumentally worse.

"Mike huh? I thought Mike said he was going to get wasted on dance night in the desert. Strange that he would change his mind in such a short period of time..." The female has caught the male in his mistake, and the look on his face clearly shows he knows he has made a mistake. Notice the sweat, the bulging eyes, and his bizarre half smile. All signs of intimidation in the male.

"Well, uh... really I was going to say it was Jo-" The male attempts another bluff, but the female cuts him off. "George, I would love to go to the dance with you." The male is now exhibiting clear signs of confusion, before it dawns on him that his mating call has been accepted, and he begins a strange ritual the humans called "stuttering". Although stuttering could be found in the late humans on plenty occasions, we have found that it was most common in mating rituals. To this day, no scientific mind has been able to decipher the purpose of this mechanism. The bell rings, and the human female scurries off to her next location. The male human quickly celebrates by pumping his forearm and clenched fist in the air, emitting a quiet "yes" before realizing he is late to his next social and learning appointment, and runs off using both of his "legs" (limbs that were used by humans and primates to travel.) to it with haste.