Oh, finally, one I can answer. 

I mean I guess it kind of started as a joke. I was just aching to get out of the house after our daughter was born, so we packed up and took a walk through the Viking Market that comes around every spring. We’ve been a few times before so we didn’t think anything would really happen. I mean it’s a fun look into local history and my husband likes the glimpse into his cultural past. 

It was hot that day so we stopped to eat something bought at one of the stalls and sit down in a shady spot next to this pile of Viking carvings (these things are everywhere here). We talked about the baby’s upcoming christening and who we would invite. I’m an immigrant here and not a lot of my family could afford the voyage overseas. My husband said I should some of my friends to stand in for my family, and I joked back that maybe we should invite some of the Vikings at the market. We talked about who would be the godparents on my side and I reached over and patted the carving I was sitting next to and I said “My dude here will be her godfather.”

Yeah. I can safely say that’s where my fuckup was. 

None of my family ended up making it but a few of my friends did, which was nice. Only my husband’s family came to the church, and when we got to the reception hall there was a kinda skeevy dude helping set up. I figured he was my husbands estranged brother, who I’d never met. He was a little off-putting in this way I couldn’t put my finger on. He reminded me of my Tío Jorge, who got locked up when I was thirteen for some shady shit - really fun to hang out with but with that underlying hint of danger. He didn’t bring a present to the christening, but promised that he’d come by the next day with something ‘really good’. I mean it’s something I’ve heard a hundred times before so I just wrote it off. 

Well, sure as shit, he came by the next day, and he had this old dude with him. I invited him in for cake and coffee (as one does here). I told my husband his brother had stopped by, and my husband was like ‘that’s not my brother! I thought he was one of your friends!’ And that’s when Mr. Skeevy introduced himself as Loki.  

I mean we thought it was a joke at first but we talked it out over cake and coffee. It turns out that not a lot of people are as courteous to the gods as they used to be. It had been several centuries since anyone had invoked (his words) his blessings. He got special permission to come to this and even made a special bargain for a really good traditional present because he noticed that we didn’t even have a house elf. 

Yeah, that’s what the little old dude is. I don’t know how many socks I’ve lost trying to get that fucker to go away but he’s persistent. I think he takes the sock thing now as his wages because I’m having to buy new socks every month. 

It’s not all bad, i guess. We have to feed Olfert uncooked oatmeal in milk every morning, and he’s not a very clean eater (he always ends up with oatmeal in his beard). But in exchange he ‘helps’ around the house, sometimes making more mess in the process - like when he helps me chop onions and leaves the peels all over the floor. I haven’t had to change a dirty diaper since he showed up, which is something. I don’t know where the diapers go, which is also something, but it’s the little blessings that count. 

As far as godfathers go, Loki is... okay, I guess? He brings her gifts for every birthday and Jul (he says it’s originally their holiday). After he tried giving her that ENORMOUS puppy I learned to vet the presents before giving them to her, but we still have the eight-legged rocking horse and this plush snake that seems to be getting bigger every time I see it. 

And she loves her Onkel Loki. He plays hide and seek with her and has tea parties with her and does magic tricks for her. I can’t ever figure out how he does them but he keeps her entertained so I can get some laundry done without a ‘helper’ ‘accidentally’ putting bright red socks in with the sheets. 

He doesn’t show up often, but when he does he’ll stay for cake and coffee and a chat. He offers to babysit sometimes but I’m not ready to take him up on the offer. Interestingly enough he always shows up whenever I make food from my culture, and I’ll usually send him off with a Tupperware of leftovers (which he never returns btw).

I’ve learned not to talk to him too much about anything because he tries to ‘help’. Like when I complained about being unemployed and the next day I got a job offer to slaughter minks at the farm down the road. Or how I mentioned that I liked yellow flowers and the next morning my yard was full of six foot tall dandelion plants. There was one time where I couldn’t decide on what to Netflix and he showed up with mead and we watched all the Thor movies which was pretty fun.

I guess the weirdest takeaway from all of this is now we have these ‘mysterious’ strangers just ‘happening’ to stop by hoping to be invited in. Like look Thor you’re not fooling anyone with that goat cart when I fire up the barbecue. And that ten foot tall cat that keeps lurking around the shed isn’t suspicious at all Freya. 

Edit: fixed a spelling error 