This is bad.
	
I’m standing in a room full of the smartest people on the planet. They’re all jabbering endlessly, trying to figure out how we’re going to stop the invaders. We’ve encountered aliens before—but never so close, and never so resilient. They’re camped on the moon, and have all their ships surrounding it. They must’ve heard tales of our unpredictability, because they’re waiting for us to strike first.
	
Our technology pales in comparison to theirs, but we always find a way out. Last intergalactic war, we took half Earth’s water and dumped it onto their planet, drowning them. I wanted to put all our cows on their planet and feed them enough beans to essentially make a poisonous cloud—but we’d already done that.
	
At this point, everyone’s just talking, not coming up with ideas. Some have even accepted that we’re going to die and started calling loved ones. We’re Earth’s last hope and we’re giving up so quickly? I don’t think so.
	
I press a button, and a picture of their base appears on my screen. It’s a very sturdy base. Even if we bomb it, the thing would still stand, and then we'd go into a normal war. We have to keep up appearances. The first attack needs to be the finishing one. We need to win this war instantly.
	
Leaning back in my chair, I tap my cheek. What could we do…what could we do…
	
After a minute or two of thinking, an idea shoots into my brain, and I can’t help but smirk. Why just bomb the base? Why not go even further? Standing up on the table, I strike a victorious pose, pointing toward the screen while all my colleagues stare at me. This is the craziest plan I’ve ever had, and could potentially ruin Earth—but we’ve gotta take risks. If we lose our status as daredevils, then everyone will think they can invade us.

We can't let that happen.
	
“*We’re going to blow up the moon!*”
***
Might be a little rough because it's early, but thanks for the prompt! If you like this story, check out my sub /r/LonghandWriter or my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter)