"I'll call you Charlie..."

You wake cold and shivering as an unfamiliar voice jolts you from your sleep. Looking around you see the everyday dreary grey walls of your room, damp and unacompanying. You pace around scanning your surroundings looking for the origin of that voice. Nothing. 

"I must be hearing things."

You make your way over to your little sink lapping water, splashing some on your face.

"Phew. I think I'm ready for the day!"

Just as you finish you hear the clink of a lock coming from another room. Turning your attention towards the door you wait expectantly. You see, people come in to see you every so often. You honestly don't know what for and usually always a stranger but everytime they do they leave a little something behind; sometimes a scoff, sometimes a smirk, sometimes a comment or two, and sometimes they even make a little eye contact. You've made it a bit of a mission to collect these somethings--a sort of hobby, or job.

You see two people approaching the door, a man and a woman. Following the customer service protocol you've made up in your head you stand at attention at the designated distance, 4 feet away, to the two people. Making brief eye contact, the woman scowls acrunching her nose and retorts in a raspy voice, 
" uhk, scruffy"
The man adding on,
"Yous a pretty pudgy dude."
And the two of them apatheticaly move along.

Feeling accomplished you lay down onto your sleeping mattress. 

"Phew, another happy customer. Two of them Infact!"

An all familiar sinking feeling inside your chest begins to developed as you repeat the words they gave you.

"Scruffy. Pudgy."

Huffing your chest and pushing your invisible glasses back onto the ridge of your nose you mentally count your inventory,

"Hmm that's scruffy number 156 and pudgy number 587. It's pretty difficult handling this level of inventory but it's a living!"

Just as you are about to lay down again the lock in the other room clicks open and a rush of familiarity begins to envelope the air swirling around you and pushing at the bottom of your chin lifting your head. You see a woman, a stranger, her goldilocks hair wafting and bouncing, as she enters the room. You move to assume your customer service stance as the two of you lock eyes and you freeze in place: she's smiling.

Something is different.

You feel your heart rapidly beating in your chest. Abandoning your invisible glasses you think, I haven't had *that* response before. What is this confusing feeling? You see her slowly crouching down in front of you her eyes locking you in place. She brings her hand up beconing you over warmly,

"Don't be scared, come here."

You can feel your body shivering. So many new somethings no idea what to do with them. Keeping eye contact you instinctively take a step back lowering your body. You see her giggle sympathetically, another new experience,

"I'm not scary. Come!"

You take a half step forward, dipping your foot into the thick rosey air emanating out from her and she becons to you again,

"It's ok! I won't hurt you."

You take another step pushing your head through the threshold. It doesn't feel bad you think, taking another step always keeping eye contact. Once fully inside the woman smiles, tilting her dad to the side and reaches out her arm scratching you behind your ears and giggles,

"So scruffy!" 

Scruffy?! You know this one but it feels different, uplifting and warm. You take a few more steps forward, enough that she can grab your cheeks and lightly scrunched them,

"Hehe, you're a pretty pudgy dude too!"

Pudgy!? You know this one too but again, it feels so different: squishy and encompassing. You feel her arms slowly begin to wrap around you and bring you closer. You can do nothing but stand there helpless as she bombards you with all of these new sensations, new *somethings*. She bends down and kisses you on the forehead and with the now all to familiar voice she wispers,

"I'll call you Charlie."