I know names.

It's a gift. It's not a cool gift like the ability to fly or read minds. I can't climb up walls or see the future.

I just know someone's name.

All they have to do is be near me and our eyes meet, or our hands touch, or I brush against them, and then it comes from somewhere and it's always on the tip of my tongue. It's so powerful my need to say their name that sometimes I forget myself and just blurt it out. 

I try not to look in people's eyes. I hate public transit. I only shop late at night in the more expensive 24 hour grocery stores. It's worth it.

Tonight the aisles are relatively empty except for surly looking twenty somethings stocking shelves. It's my big shop so I have to push a cart instead of rushing in with a basket and running to the self checkout. I have my list and map I've drawn out for my route. 

I can do this.

I pull the cap down further over my eyes and stare down at the floor. Each end cap passes as I meander carefully around carts and bodies and move further into the store to sections away from people. 

The cart squeaks as a wheel vibrates. 

Honey. Nothing's on sale today so I have to pick a variety. It seems safe. There's nobody around. I look up and see shelves full of different kinds of honey. 

The one I want is up high. Why must I be so freaking short? I step forward and reach. It's too far. My fingers just barely brush against the bottom of the glass jar.

A foot falls next to me and a deep voice says, "I can get that for you."

Anxiety spikes and I jump back out of the way but not before his arm brushes against mine.

*Dominicus. Dominicus. Dominicus.*

I swallow. The pain already pounding in my head.

"Here you go." He hands me the jar and I know now I can look up at his face. It doesn't matter what I do or do not do when it comes to him anymore. My mind is screaming with *Dominicus.* *Dominicus.* *Dominicus.*

"Thank you, Dominicus," I blurt out with the same kind of relief as the echoing name inside my head is silent. I try to smile, but I'm trembling as I cling to the honey jar.

There it is. The startled look of someone who doesn't recognise me and is surprised at me knowing their name. It happens so often I attempt to flounder up a lie and ask, "Remember me? We met at --" But I go blank because I can't think of where I would have met a man like this. His bright blue eyes are piercing. There's a shock of white hair at his temple but otherwise it's black as night. Someone could cut things on those sharp cheekbones. His clothes are black. All black. And covered in straps and things. Like he just stepped out of a steampunk cosplay event.

"How do you know *that* name?"

Oh no. I close my mouth, unable to come up with an answer. How could I even explain a thing that I can't control?

"Nobody has called me by that name in centuries."