I remember the car slamming on it's brakes, the sound of the owners horn, closing my eyes, and then nothing. No pain, no and then I saw a great white light, not even angels bending low to pick this sinner out from the Earth to heaven.

Instead as I opened my eyes slowly I was in a small dark room, at first I thought it was night and I was in a hospital room (and just how I was going to pay for it with my meager salary.) I of course was wrong, I felt all over, sure I would find at the very least a cast on my leg, but there was nothing.

"Ichigo," a loud voice called out, "Ichigo Martin, you my dear, have died." By the way Ichigo Martin is me, in case you haven't guessed. "Behind the door," a door appeared in front of me, "Is the person who you have hurt the most in your life. In order for you to get to heaven, you must get them to forgive you."

"Can't I just return to life?" I asked.

"I'm afraid that is impossible," a TV appeared next to the door and switched on, showing the last scenes of my life and what happened afterwards. The little boy safely standing on the sidewalk, the little boy I'd pushed out of the way of the car. An ambulance, the crew working diligently to revive me, and then the Hurst, coming for my body. The TV snapped off, "The only way out, is through that door, remember, if you need help just yell out."

"Thanks," I grumbled. I tried to psych myself up, by breathing in and out a few times (not helpful as I was dead and no longer had to breath). I wondered who it would be behind this door, my ex, my Grandmother who I'd not said goodbye to before her death refusing to even see her in a hospital bed, or my best friend who had died the year before.

I pushed open the door, it was as dark as the room before, but I could make out the shadow of a person of similar height and weight as me. I took a step forward as all the lights snapped on. The door behind me snapped shut, I could clearly see  now it was me.

"You finally made it," she/me said. "I finally can tell you exactly what I think of you. We were supposed to be a team, but you felt that you had to have your own way. Remember Emily?"

The name brought back my friend the one who I ended up bullying in high school when she became uncool. It was thanks to me and the others who had joined me she had committed suicide last year.

"Our Brother's corn project?"

Our Brother Kevin, was born Autistic, he had a bristle board project where corn was growing out of little bags, I had purposefully not watered them. The plants were dead before I knew it. I had been jealous of him, I am ashamed to say.

"Or, our Parents."

Thousands of instances pinged off that I thought of, all the times I had said "I hate you."

"What about Grandmother, while waiting for you we talked she was so hurt you didn't say goodbye."

At this I started to choke, and sob, I called out, "God, help me! I am but a poor mournful sinner."

With that the figure in front of me melted into dust that then reformed into Jesus. "Welcome to heaven," he walked over took my hand in his, and lead me to a staircase where the light in the room was pouring from. He had been standing in front of it the whole time. "All must let go of the past and ask forgiveness in order to get here. Some do so in there lifetime, and others must in the thereafter, those who cannot must stay in that room, for that is Hell."