"Wait, what do you mean? How am I the *seventh human* to ever get here? We've had definitive societies since, like.... I dunno, eight to ten *thousand* years ago! Trillions of people have lived and died since then. Do you know how many tyrants, serial killers, and cult leaders have existed since them? What the *Hell?* How did I get here? All I did was kill like... a hundred and twenty-five people! A hundred and sixty-two, if you count the guys I shot when I was enlisted, but I'd hardly consider that to be murder, considering I was just following orders. Which, yeah, I get that the phrase, 'I was just following orders.' carries a certain Nazi-ish stigma to it, but the Geneva Conventions would totally back me up on that one. They weren't even civilians!" I was genuinely shocked by the information I had just received from the handsome, if red and scaly, man standing before me.

"Well, yes." He said, with a nearly insufferable degree of smugness dripping from his words. His tongue was a slick, glossy black affair, extremely thin and oddly shaped, almost like a fleshy oak leaf that had been slit down the middle. "But, you see, we have certain... hiring standards that the others didn't quite meet." 

I glared at him. He had bright amber eyes that seemed to be back-lit, like thin disks of amber held up to the sun. His grin only widened when I said, "What in God's name does that mean?!" Lucifer burst out laughing, pounding his fist on the great adamantine desk that he sat behind. I waited for his rattling, metallic laughter to subside. It was like steel coated bones crashing against each other in a washing machine. 

Finally, he calmed himself. "'In God's name...' Son, you are a Goddamned riot, if I don't say so myself. Look, the other guys had a bit of an image problem. Remember the greats, like Hitler, Khan, or Nero? They're well-known. Ego-maniacal assholes who couldn't submit and follow orders if it saved their lives. You though? You're quick, clean, quiet, and best of all, totally unknown! I almost thought I had to give up the ghost after the advent of social media. I know for a fact that it'll only be a matter of time until some asshole Instagrams his entire para-military coup. You managed to assassinate ninety major Fortune 500 executives, world leaders, and religious figureheads for anonymous buyers with deals arranged entirely offline. You never had a Facebook or Twitter. Hell, you never even had a Tomodachi. You were a ghost."

He paused to look out his window, over the empty mega-city laid out around and below us, before returning his attention to me. "After you were declared dead, a war-hero for your country, you slipped off into the under-belly of your planet and became the most effective disruptive force in the history of mankind! By your hand you reshaped the entire financial and political structure of the world, and no one even knew your name. Had it not been for that freak accident with the carburetor, you'd still be down there, pulling apart the seams of civilization as we know it!"

I stared at him in disbelief. He had stony horns, twisted and goat-like, that seemed to twitch and throb the more excited he got, and now they were starting to glow red-hot and ooze molten earth. "Wait, you chose me because I was good at hiding? Come on. There had to be guys with better kill counts than me who had a better control of their notoriety. *Someone* had to know who I was. What about Debbie, the nice blonde lady at the corner store in Alabama? Man, I talked to her for hours some days! She *had* to know something was up."

Lucifer giggled again, before saying, "Not a clue! She was dumb as a brick. You couldn't have chosen a better person to spew half-truths and barely concealed hints to your true nature to. Poor girl. Further, you had more influence per kill than anyone else *in history!* You are the sole being who has the majority of the responsibility for the rise of extraterritorial corporations on Earth! Anyways, we're looking for someone to fill in the Greed role, so if you could just sign this agreement, we can get you anything you desire... and potentially even more." He flashed those razor sharp fangs at me, and snapped his thick, muscular fingers. A single ivory tablet appeared before me, with a contract engraved on it in tiny, tightly packed script in a language that felt foreign and yet perfectly familiar simultaneously. A razor blade was embedded at the bottom, next to the signature line. I was to sign in blood.

I slid my forefinger over the blade, signed my Truename, and then looked up at him. "Where do I start, Luci?" Lucifer grinned and said, "Well, I hear our friend Musk has finally gotten that Mars colony set up. Do me a favor, and help it grow, would you?" 

God, I hate that smug little grin.