Maybe it was a joke. A joke that got too real. 
Im guessing it was some viral video, of the first time I stood up to someone. Someone taped me as a mugging was taking place, and I stumbled into the guy who fell on his own knife, and died almost instantly. But from that cameras view, i just threw down a man 3x bigger than me, with such force it instantly killed him. 
I mean, I like to work out. And I had just come out of the gym wearing my compression outfit, about to start my run. I can see how people might think i was dashing in- heroically stepping in and stopping that criminal. I can honestly see how people would think that I was a duper super hero. It was just a right time right place kind of thing. I'd seen these memes and viral videos before, and I figured it would burn out and Id just have a cool bar story. Id get looks and waves going through my daily routine, and to be honest, it was nice. I had even started wearing my compression outfit under my regular clothes as kind of a joke I could play for co-workers and barmates. Everyone would get a good laugh and it was all good fun. 

I didnt expect people to actually believe in it.

I would get praise and some small gifts and offerings. I would deny them of course, but then they would call me humble. Again, I just figured it would die out. Aside from a cookie one time i never took anything.

But then, as i was depositing money at my bank a month later...someone decided to try rob it. He had started yelling, waving his gun, tell me to move outta the  way. I turned around, and i saw him there, full ski mask and everything, and right through it i could see his face drop. He dropped his gun and threw his hands up muttering sorry, shit, dont kill me. I didnt want the gun to go off so I grabbed it before it fell. It was some cheap toy that broke when i grabbed it. I laughed when that happened in disbelief, you know that kind of laugh you get when you're so nervous cause you could have died kind of laugh. But to the security footage and witnesses, it was a much better story than that.

Thats when this shit all exploded.

"Oh yeah? How so?"

Next thing I know, im the local super hero. I dont know if im just attracted to crime now or what. But atleast once a week I see a robbery, a mugging, an assault or christ even the beginning of an arson. You know, what they call the miracle of 12th street?

"Mmmm yes. The disgruntled employee who had the flamethrower, and was attacking the local hardware store he was fired from...who laced the building with highly flammable explosives, when you were sent in-"

Woah woah, wait WHAT. There were EXPLOSIVES IN THERE? What the-

"You didn't know? They were lined up the front of the store, very obvious and brightly colored"

I THOUGHT THOSE WERE EARLY CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS- 

"Mmmm....ill tell the force to refrain from analogies and alliteration from now on."

From now on?? You guys are still going to send me to do this?!? What the hell- i didnt sign up for this.

"...Mr. Walker, whether you like it or not, youve become a deterring...symbol... for this rising global crime wave. This city has been saved by your mere presence more times than I can count. You jave saved lives and avoided extreme situations and damages just by showing up. In light of this new information, you will be trained accordingly and provided appropriate equipment just incase the need should arrive. From your silence so far these past months im assuming you understand this situation. Otherwise you would have told the news what you've told me. You have also kept yourself relatively clean from bribes and gifts-"

Wait how do you know that-

"We've been keeping an eye on you Mr.Walker. we are the government. Its not exactly hard for us to do that these days. Anyways you've shown an unusual moral character that fits our...no, this cities needs more than perfectly. If you accept this, we can minimize the amount of risk you take when you walk out there each time. You do a great service whether you know it or not. You save lives. Help us help you."

I sighed. He was right. It was the best shot to not die.

Okay. 

"Good. Training starts tomorrow, and your new suit will be measured and delivered by the next week. But before that, we should introduce you to your new teammates."

Teammates? What?

"Mr. Walker, believe it or not, there are actually super powers, though we've been successful at keeping it covert and secret till now, your recent rise to fame has goaded the more...villainous kind to start acting up again. Thankfully while you're moral character is rare, it is not wholly unique. Im sure you'll fit in just fine. Just dont tell them you don't have powers. Good day Mr.Walker...or should I say, (insert cool super hero name here im late for work)


