I've been watching the Hitler Games since the beginning.  I remember the very first year of the competition.  I was only 8 years old, my father pulled me out of school one day to bring me to a private screening.  Back in those days, there wasn't a lot of creativity involved.  The first 5 times someone killed Hitler it was nothing more exciting than a bullet to the head.  Not that a bullet to Hitler's brain isn't exciting, but after twenty years of watching the games, I felt it was time to bring a little something extra to the competition.  I wanted to kill Hitler in a way nobody had done before.

I first met Hitler when he was 15 years old.  I was posing as an art teacher at the school he attended.  He was the most mediocre student of the group.  Not bad...just not good at all.  I doted on him.  Praised him for every stroke of the paint brush.  I gave him the highest marks.  His art was always the most prominently displayed in the classroom.

For 3 years I filled the boy with false praise.  His ego swelled, his excitement at a career in art grew.  He began taunting other children, belittling them for even the slightest failures at the craft.  All the while, I continued to praise his genius, and put him on a pedestal above the other children.  Then, when graduation was drawing near, I applied the masterstroke.

I called in one of the most famous art gallery owners in all of Germany, Hans Abramoff to critique the works of the senior class.  The children would describe their artwork to the gallery owner, then gracefully receive his critiques.  All except young Adolf.  He boasted at length about the depth and meaning of his work.  If a picture is worth a thousand words, Adolf thought it necessary to add a thousand more to describe it.  When he finally finished his long winded and raucous speech, Hans fell over laughing.  He mocked the bravado of Hitler.  He mocked the pathetic art.  He laughed so hard he cried.  Then, Hans told Adolf that art was simply not a calling for a man so enamored with himself.

Hitler was devastated.  The years of me stroking his ego had not prepared him to be lambasted by one of the most famous art critics in Germany.  Hitler's heart was broken, and his ability to love was lost, as art was the only thing he loved.  Adolf swore to get revenge on Abramoff and all those who would mock his true passion.  For years Adolf would plot, his mind churning with hatred.  He knew that Abramoff, and perhaps all Jewish art critics, were to blame for not seeing his greatness.  It was in their blood.  Their disbelief in Jesus was no different then their disbelief in the magnificence of his art.

I don't have time to get into everything else that followed, but Hitler committed suicide many years later as a direct result of what I did.