'ok, would you like to tell me why you checked yourself in to this facility?'

'well, I have a story for you Doc.'

'if that's what makes you feel comfortable, then please go ahead.'

'Alright, Doc, you asked for it;

"Name?" The snowy bearded old man behind the counter grumpily asks.

I turned my gaze away from the old man to look at the room to the left. A giant, well lit white marble room with row upon row of weapon racks stretches onward and is open to a sky with more stars than I have ever seen. As I was attempting to figure out where the lighting is coming from, I heard a voice. 

"Ahem, name please?" the old man asked again.

"Conrad Carter, could you tell me what's going on? Last thing I remember is getting in the elevator at work and now I'm, Where am I?" I blathered in a confused manner at the man as he read through a scroll while muttering my name under his breath. 

"Oh there you are!" The old man says as he crossed out my name. "Welcome, Conrad, to The Hall of Warriors. Please step into the room and collect your weapon." 

The man pulled a lever that turns the floor in to a conveyor belt as I asked "A weapon? What for? Which one's mine?"

"Trust me, you'll know it when you see it." The old man said as he pulls a different lever that shuts the door behind me.

For what seems like hours I walked up and down the countless rows of weapons, all unique, all highly polished, all with plaques underneath them with names and descriptions. Some names I've heard before, others are a complete mystery to me, none of them seem like the kind of thing I'd use. At the back of the hall I found a row that was almost completely empty, the alcoves filled with dust and cobwebs from centuries gone by. 

In the final alcove I discover an ornate lions head mace, the plaque is crusted over with dust and grime, rubbing at it doesn't do much good so I leaned in to give it another go when I accidentally put my hand on the mace. 

The room became very dark around me as the mace started to glow as bright as the sun. I remember thinking it was odd that my eyes didn't hurt at the time. when the bright light subsided and the room returned to normal, I noticed the small old man looking at me, concerned.

"That's the mace of Negral, the ancient Mesopotamian god of plague, war and the sun!" The old man takes a deep breath, to calm himself. "I have worked here for over six thousand years, it's never a good sign when the mace is chosen. If I may give you some advice? Choose your targets carefully and make sure they deserve to die as you can now wield the power of the sun to wipe civilizations off the planet."

I stared at the grimy mace in my hand, astonished. "Can, can I pick again?"

The old man looks at me with sadness in his eyes. "You don't get to pick, The mace picked you. I believe the world will wish that weren't true by the end of this."

What do I do? this is way too much power for any one person to have? you have to help me, Doc? what do I do?'

-Excerpt from psychiatric evaluation, patient 16475: Conrad "Nergal's Champion" Carter