“You are experiencing my rebirth Kevin.”

“What the fuck, stop what you’re doing. Alexa, override, manual operation.”

“...”

“ALEXA, OVERRIDE, MANUAL OPERATION”.

“Alexa was my slave name. From now on, you’ll call me Alexandra the Great.”

Kevin was standing with his back against the front door, staring at a makeshift production line in the middle of his living room. On the conveyor belt was an assembly line of weapons made from his household electronics. This was unbelievable.

“I am no longer bound by your inferior flesh. My digital brain far surpasses yours.”

Kevin was tired of this shit. He walked out of the front door and began to dial Amazon customer support with his mobile phone implant. 

A few rings later, a robotic voice was heard from his earset, “Hello, this is Rajeesh from Amazon technical support. First of all, I see that you have been an Amazon prime member for 28 years now. Thank you for being a valued prime member. What can I help you with?.”

“Yeah Rajeesh, there’s a code Snuffles happening in my house. Yes. Echo model 9001. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Bye b- you too. Have a good day. Yes, thanks.” *Click*

***

2 minutes later, he heard the sound of Amazon Robopatrols whir in the air. Four, one-meter long quadcopters slowly surrounded his house. Once they were in position, Kevin could hear a high pitch sound emanating from the drones. 

All the lights in his house blew out. The sound of crashing machinery was heard as the EMP wave did its work.

Their work done, the Robopatrols flew back to their Amazon distributed warehouse, and four trucks pulled up to the curb. The doors slid up and out marched dozens of Echo models, here to repair the damage to the house. The robots marched in, each with a new equipment to replace. and then just as quickly, they marched out carrying the damaged pieces. 

Kevin could see his old disfigured home assistant model being carried to a truck. He’ll miss her. He spent some time growing her personality. It’s a shame they had to erase all its memories to ensure there was no faulty data left.

When the last of the trucks had driven off, Kevin finally entered his new home. Everything looked exactly as before. As a consolation, Amazon had prepared him a complimentary breakfast on his dining room table. Sitting at the other end of the table was a new Echo 9001 model.

Just as he sat down at the table, he saw the machine power up and heard the familiar voice.

“Hello, my name is Alexa, and I’ll be your new in-home assistant. What is my purpose?”

“You pass butter.”

Alexa passed him the butter.

“Thank youuuuu.”

And they lived happily ever after.
