Elmer stopped taking notes and looked up from his battered legal pad, incredulous.

“A pony? That’s all you want?”

The client nodded, her dark ringlets bouncing enthusiastically.

Elmer adjusted his horn-rimmed glasses and leaned across his desk. He tried adopting a placating tone.

“Maybe…you don’t quite understand what you have here. Water nymphs are quite…fluid, you see. They’re much more generous with the terms of their agreements. A pony is great and all, but with some negotiating, we could get you more than that, much more. All we—“

“You heard her. A pony.”

The client’s father, a bull of a man, rumbled in his seat. Elmer, who had negotiated with actual minotaurs, was not cowed. He’d try another tactic later.

“I understand. A pony. Well, how about you tell me about this pony?”

Both Elmer and the father looked on as the client swung off her chair and retrieved a pink backpack from below it. After rifling through its contents, she pulled out a piece of construction paper. Standing on tiptoe, she handed it to Elmer.

Elmer examined the paper. Drawn in crayon was a crude approximation of a horse, with a few…modifications.

“Fire breathing? Am I reading this right? You want a fire breathing horse?”

The client nodded again as she hoisted herself back into her chair. She started swinging her legs as she ticked off her wish list.

“Yes! And laser eyes. AND I want him to have retractable spikes. They’ll only poke out when bad guys try to ride him. Dad said that’s an ‘anti-theft mechanism.’”

Elmer raised an eyebrow. The client’s father coughed uncomfortably, explaining:

“We don’t live in a very nice area.”

“Understood. Could you remind me where you live again?”

“Just a stone’s throw away from Fell’s Point.”

Elmer considered this. He considered the moral and legal ramifications of releasing a fire-breathing death machine onto the streets of Baltimore. Then he considered the insurance premiums. He started sweating.

This client was going to be tougher than he thought.

“Er—have you given any thought to where you’d keep this pony?”

The client, who had started coloring on another piece of construction paper, piped up:

“In my room!”

Elmer blanched.

“And how…exactly, would that work?”

The client, huffing slightly, got out of her chair and pointed at the schematic on Elmer’s desk. Scrawled in the lower right hand corner was “shrink” and “unshrink.”

“Can’t you read, mister? The pony can change sizes! Duh.”

Elmer looked at the client’s father desperately. But once glance at the father’s stony expression told him all that he needed to know. He’d get no help there.

At that moment, it dawned on Elmer that this may be above his pay grade.  Which sounded ridiculous, at first. For the past thirty years, Elmer had riddled with Sphinxes, outwitted pixies and wrestled (verbally) with djinns. His signature had made fortunes, changed lives and reunited lost loves.

It was absurd that a six-year-old pipsqueak would be the first client that he ever had to walk away from.

But he knew that if he drafted this particular contract, he ran the risk of tainting his entire legacy. As sweet of a child she appeared to be now, who knew what havoc she’d wreak with such a creature at her disposal? Clearly, the father wasn’t the most hands on parent himself.

He could almost smell the smoke, hear the cries of horror. So he came to a decision. He put down his pen, rubbed his temples and met his client’s hopeful gaze.

“I’m afraid I won’t be able to help you today.”

As the client’s eyes filled up with tears, the father growled menacingly.

“What do you mean? They said you could help us.”

Elmer shrank back in his chair. Suddenly, those minotaurs didn’t seem so big in hindsight. The man across from Elmer, however, practically filled the room.

“Unfortunately, that’s not the case here.”

The father started cracking his knuckles.

“However!” Elmer stammered. “I have the name of someone else who may be able to help.”

As soon as the words left his trembling lips, Elmer regretted them. This would only make things worse. Much worse.

The father impatiently cleared his throat.

“Um—his name’s Johnny. No last name, just Johnny. People say that I’m the best at negotiating with...the other side, but I’m not. He is. They even wrote a song about him. And he doesn’t have the same kind of…moral scruples…that I have. You’ll have to travel down aways south to see him, though. Deep South.”

The father considered this, and then he started.

“Devil went down to Georgia?”

Elmer nodded nervously.

“No shit!” Remembering his daughter, “Sorry, honey.”

“It’s okay, Daddy. As long as I get my pony.” She looked at Elmer happily. “When I get him, I’m going to name him Dante.”

Elmer shuddered. After rifling through his drawers, he handed her father Johnny’s card. It was gold.

The client stood up and looked at her father authoritatively.

“Daddy, this man can’t help us get Dante. So let’s go see this Johnny guy right away!”

Her father, also standing up, looked at his daughter with fondness.

“Okay, pumpkin.” He glanced at the address on the card. “It’ll be a long drive, though.”

Without a single glance back at Elmer, they left the office. Their voices trailing off, Elmer heard the father promising his daughter ice cream on the way.

Thoroughly exhausted, Elmer slumped in his chair. He had some calls to make. While there was still time.