I wake with a feeling. A feeling of... emptiness. And there's something else. As if I've forgotten something, but can't get it back. What is it?

I try to look around. It's all so colourful, so intense! I am in a bed. The walls around me are made of cobblestone, and the floor is dark wood. I take a breath. The smells are so rich. There is a smell of dust and old books, of wooden floor and velvet bedsheets. I can smell smoke from the fireplace and trees from the window. From it. steak of light pierces the dark air, so bright it hurts the eyes. 

I try to stand up and fall to my knees. The pain is so intense that I lose vision for a moment. Tears burst from my eyes at the sensation. I try to stand up again. The floor is cold. I stand straight and hold my hands to my eyes. The hands are thin, with long fingers and blue veins going down. I take a step. I take another one. I go, step by step, towards the window. I open it and I see the world. It's green. So much green! A bird flies by the window. I try to follow it with my eyes but lose it in the leaves. 

I stand there, watching at the world. That's when thoughts start going through my head. Who am I? I know my name. But why don't I know anything else? Why was I in a bed I don't remember? Why is the world so beautiful, but I don't remember seeing it before? Why... just why?

I finally step away from the window. The room looks dark and grey. Why is there no beauty here? I look around again. There is a table, filled with books and parchment and inkwells. I go to it, and take a piece of paper. It is a list. A list of flowers. I take another one. It reads "Get a new mixer, old one melted after I tried brewing a flame resistance potion". I go through the writings, most of them lists of things or reminders of tasks. After more than a dozen of those I find a different one. It's a note.

"Hello. Gods I hope you can read. If not then this note is for nothing, and I will remain a walking vegetable for the rest of my life.

You are me. I am leaving this note as a last will, of sorts. You probably woke up with no memories. You are a wizard. Or was, at least. If you can remember basic concepts, then you probably know that sorcery requires memories. And the more important, the more personal memory is, the more powerful the spell it powers will yield. But I have found a way to use more than one memory for a spell. To 'stack' them, sort of. So, you are the result of the ultimate sorcery. A spell so powerful it required all memories of a seventy year old man to work. I do hope it works, otherwise this world is doomed.

See, I am (was) responsible for stopping attacks from other dimensions. Usually it's no more than a couple of demons. But now it's worse. Much worse. Our whole world is in danger. The rifts between dimensions are opening all across the planet and nobody can do anything. Except me. By stacking all of my memories I hope to create a permanent barrier around our dimension, stopping all such attacks once and for all. And so, you are what I've become after preforming the spell. I have left instructions for my steward to help you with adjustment to this world, old for me and new for you. There are books too, one of them is my autobiography, which I think you should read. Good luck, and gods help us."
___

The prompt reminded me of a video by John Koenig, creator of Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows, about the desire to feel intensely again. I thought getting your memory wiped is the best scenario for that. If you read through the whole thing, thanks, tell me what you think, I'd appreciate that. Cheers!