My profession, however wondrous and seemingly 'out of a fairy tale' it may appear, is just as taxing and dreadful as working in retail. For similar reasons. Whenever my services are required, it is almost always when some  delusional idiot demands a wish that is just as large and obnoxious as their ego, and more often than not, whenever their wish for the Midas touch ends with golden statues of their loved ones. Humanity's greed genuinely knows no bounds, and to protect our clients from exploitation, impossible wishes and to protect humanity from itself, my profession was created. All our clients used to seek out people, as back then their requests were amusingly simple. From requests for food and shelter, to  'Save my child/husband/mother', 'Save my farm', 'Save my life' to more insidious requests, my clientele and I have seen what humanity is capable of with enough power. Now, with the sheer number of people who walk the earth, our clients felt it necessary to reduce their interaction with them before their existence becomes common knowledge. They do still meet people, but as you can imagine, quite infrequently. But, among the few memorable problems I have managed to solve, I have to give credit where credit is due. Some of the requests were incredibly imaginative. One such example would be a little boy who found a special ancient, cracked clay pot (Magic lamps are a little too on the nose), and when faced with the difficult limitation of three wishes, simply asked for all the powers of my client without being turned into a "Genie". (Clearly, he had watched Aladdin). The obvious problem here would be my client losing all of his powers, which led to him calling for my services. And oh, what a smart little brat he was.  After discussing options like freeing the "Genie" but wishing him to be solely subservient to the brat, asking for a different "Genie's" powers, or simply demanding for that wish alone, he settled on shared custody of my client's  powers whenever each party was in need of them.  My client would only have to bear with it for a measly 80 years, something he wasn't too happy about. Another interesting encounter was an old seamstress who saved one of the residents of the forest of Brocéliande. Just as expected of someone so close to death, she desired eternal life. Something that is truly impossible to grant to a human being, but as my client had an obligation to fulfill, she asked for my help. I explained to the woman that immortality is off the table simply because living beings can never possibly exist forever, and it would be worse for her to be stuck in a dying body for longer than her natural age. Strangely, she changed her request to simply sew any object she wanted, out of cloth and cotton, and her creations would do whatever she wanted it to do. A rather odd shift for someone so keen on living forever. As this request seemed satisfactory to my client, she fulfilled it and returned to the forest. I, however, somewhat suspicious about the nature of the old seamstress's request, decided to see what exactly she would create with her newfound powers. My fears were somewhat assuaged when she simply made a sentient patchwork stuffed teddy bear for her grandson, Tommy, with a message "Only time can heal all wounds". Unfortunately, I was too trusting, as the second teddy bear she made is currently held by an organisation which is aware of us, and similar entities. And this teddy bear is not created with the same good intentions as it's predecessor.
