This was the moment Edriana Highwater was waiting for. 

With her trusted page, she had gone to the petrified underwater forest, the ghostly waste, and the kingdom of towers to get all three necessary stones to open the gate to talk to The Agent. According to the prophecy, the Agent would make you the chosen one, and she would bring glory to the death of the village she came from. She would totally slay the evil empire with her new found magic.  

Edriana twirled her pink hair. Her loyal page stood behind her, excited for her as well. 

The white door opened and a woman stepped out. The Agent! She was very pretty. Her hair tumbled in white tendrils around her shoulder, framing her serene, ageless face. Her skin was like porcelain. She smiled warmly at Edriana.

"Hello, adventurer. So you come to seek the title 'the chosen one?'"
"Yes, ma'am. Omigod, The Agent is a woman. I never expected that!" Edriana squealed a little, excited.

The Agent smiled even brighter. "Let's not waste too much time," she said pointing her finger beyond where Edriana was standing, "I choose you."

Edriana followed the finger. It was pointing at her page, Bob.

It was Bob.

Bob's eyes bugged out. He stood still. Even a single strand of his non-descript dark brown hair didn't move. His pale face despite weeks in the sun got even paler. He shook his head.

"But I don't want to be the chosen one! I'm here to support my mistress!"

The Agent tilted her head, "oh, but you are more interesting. You possess something your mistress doesn't have."

Edriana felt disappointed, but she still wanted to know. "What does Bob have that I don't?"

"A penis, dear," the Agent said with a delighted giggle, "It sells so much better... Now, we need to make some changes."

The Agent twirled a wand out of her robe. It was not like any wand she had seen. It was short and had a tiny metal tip smudged with something red. Blood? No, it smelled like ink.

Behind her, Bob started to scream in his armor.

Edriana turned around and shielded herself from the metal armor that exploded open at the seam. Stood before her was still Bob, but he was much taller. His face still light but ruggedly tanned. His torso packed with lithe muscles... in his midsection stood a strange row of muscles that she only saw in starving men sometimes.

"I look like a freak" Bob said, "turn me back!"

"Nonsense, you like it, but you just won't show it" The Agent told him. Bob's eyes glazed over and he started to nod. His expression reduced to angry and sullen -- as if he smelled something sour and was thinking hard about where it might be coming from

Edriana didn't know what to do. She walked toward The Agent, "what are you doing, this is all wrong!"

The Agent touched the inky wand to her chin, "hmmm... something else is missing here," she snapped her finger, "Bob, aren't you in love with Edriana?"

"I am?" Bob looked puzzled for a moment. "I am." He said with a sharp, bearded, brooding face. When did he get a five o'clock stubble? He shaved just before they came here!

The Agent finally met Edriana's eyes, "you are going to love this part,"

"No, no, no, no" Edriana started to feel dread stronger than any evil creeping into her heart. 

"You are actually a princess! And you'll be captured in the evil castle. This way Bob will totally rescue you." The Agent pressed her hand in her heart and sigh, "ah, isn't love beautiful?"

"Wait!" Edriana shouted, "you can't do this. This is my story! I will--"

The Agent waved her hand, and the stone beneath her feet open. Gravity dragged her downward with vengeance. 

"Asshoooooooooooooooooo---" Edriana screamed as she fell into the darkness, quieter and quieter until nobody heard her at all.     