News gets around.  Not through traditional outlets, mind you. 
But news gets around.


Knefaris!  That old bastard was finally kicking the bucket. I was salivating just thinking of it.


We were gathered at the portal. Thousands of us. Millions, maybe. Impossible to know, as we weren't all on the same dimensional plane.  The stench was almost unbearable - and were it not for the fact that we would soon be free - I might have left. 


But there we were. Already we could see the ancient seals dimming - their normal faint crackle just slightly off step. If you concentrated very hard, it was as if you could feel a slight breeze flowing through from the outside world..


Most of us kept to ourselves during our immense time here. This wasn't by choice really - we couldn't even communicate with each other - giant beasts, whispers of sentient smoke, oozing and ancient shit-demons... it was only through thousands of years of tiny interpretations that we could arrive at the one commonality we all shared...  Knefaris!


I wasn't the oldest here, but I watched. I used this portal as a window to the world I once called my own. Civilizations rose and fell. Mountains heaved and withered. 


And now death. Seemingly overnight in the grand scheme of things.. final and fast - the Fading. His old ancient magic weakening with every passing moment. We could all feel it. I could practically taste it. The Old Ones here were growing restless. The truly Ancient Ones were paying attention for the first time in millennia. 


Me - I continued to watch. Unlike most of the others here, I could still exert small bits of influence outside the portal. Not too much - but enough.  For me it was personal. 


I suppose anyone who became trapped by that old magic would take it personally - but I loved him. We were partners. friends. heck - even family.  We were two parts of a greater whole.  I've yearned to go back to the days where we fought shoulder to shoulder - sometimes against the very creatures i share this realm with. 


And so i watched. I wove my influence in the most subtle of ways. Call it boredom. Call it the anger of betrayal... both are equally powerful in this realm, with nothing but Time to dwell upon.


And now, finally, I can feel past your seals.  Knefaris!  You can hear me now, can't you? You must know by now that your betrayal was your undoing. 


When did you first see it, I wonder? When were you first aware of the tapestry I was weaving? Equal parts net and noose, I simply denied you all that you sought. All that kept you tied to this world. 


I am sorry, brother. What I do - I do out of love. I've marveled at the monuments they built in your honor. The books and Testaments they wrote in your name. Did you not recognize the story of the sons of Isaac?  I watched those civilizations rise and fall, Brother. I watched the mountains heave and wither. And there you were, at every turn, to take credit. The kingdom, the power, and the glory were yours.

But you forgot my power.

I am The Belial. 

The Lucifer! 

Abbadon himself. 

The very essence of all you could not accomplish by yourself, and all that you stole from me... But this day old friend you have given me everything. 

Everything, Knefaris!  

Your need for glory was your downfall... and I must now undertake the task of fixing this mess you've created. Cleansing Fire. Set upon the earth the ancient beasts and spirits. Scorched, so as to start anew.

And with your passing old friend...

Let there be Light.
-------

(I'm self aware that this story is super tropey, unoriginal, and draws on common pop culture themes.. but i enjoyed writing it nonetheless)