The first hundred years or so were fun. The rest have been a steady decline.

You can get a lot more out of life when you don’t have to fear dying. Skydiving, base jumping, getting shot at close range, you name it, I’ve done it. I must have jumped off every bridge in New York by the tenth year. There’s just something about death, that feeling you get when you’re about to die, that trumps even the best high. 

Believe me, I would know. I had to stop using heroin when the hospitals got suspicious of my survival rate after so many ODs. It’s just a rush of adrenaline, and then you’re gone.

Or that’s how it works for most people.

One summer long ago I attended a concert with a friend, a metal band that neither of us had ever heard of. It was just for fun, the tickets were cheap, and we figured it would be a good distraction from the business conference we’d spent the week dreading. We laughed, got drunk, and generally had a good time until I stumbled into a man standing in front of me. He turned and let out an animal like growl, and I lost it, laughing furiously. The man must have punched me pretty hard, because I came to about an hour later in the parking lot with my friend standing over me.

Ever since, I’ve been blessed, cursed with immortality. I can’t die, no matter how hard I try. Trains, bullets, even fire once. None of it worked.

But just because I can’t die doesn’t mean I don’t feel pain. I break bones, my flesh burns, but it heals over time. Pain has become a way to cope for me, a tantalizing taste at what could be.

You see, I’ve had my fill of life. I’ve had too many people I’m close to die to try making friends again, let alone another family. Time passes, but I can’t.

And so I stand here again, on Manhattan Bridge. I won’t die and I’ve come to terms with that. But dying is the only time I ever feel alive.

—

Thank you to u/ToppersTales for the stunning voiceover!

https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9nk4pb/comment/e7nsqg5?st=JN6JQPZY&sh=c3b95124

—

I have moved to u/Latvere!