I eagerly await my life to be played on the TV. I'm excited, others felt nervous and even fear but what do I care....I'm dead and I'm in Hell to to it off. What do I care?

Let the insults come, let the hatred spew from their mouths. You can't hurt what doesn't feel, right?

I've heard about this from other people in Hell. I've seen people come out of this very room crying to the point where I worried about them then I remind myself that we are already dead. 

You'd think given how large Hell is and how powerful Satan is portrayed as, that they'd have more than one television, its not even a popular brand TV like a Sony or Panasonic but a Vizio? Really, Satan?

It's the waiting that is the true Hell. Knowing what awaits you is the torture. Knowing yet not knowing at the same time is the true punishment. I've had years to wait for my turn in the big room, happily waiting for every insult but also excited for the praise I could be getting. 

"Next"

I walk through with a smile

"You seem eager"

"I am. I waited a long time for this, I can't wait to hear what they have to say"

The attendants walk me in and give me the remote. I cannot pause or stop at any time or rewind. I can only skip forward. The main purpose of the remote is to change the overlapping monologues - either praise, rants or general thoughts people had about me. Also a very important button, the button to press when I've had enough. When it got too much to hear but I doubt I'd need it. 

I hit play and sit back awaiting what at the least should be an entertaining show. 

After a few seconds I notice I'm not hearing anything. I switch from praise to rants to even general thoughts and nothing. I try to turn up the volume but there is no button for it. 

I call the attendants. 

"You've had enough already? Quickest one in a while"

"No, there is something wrong with this thing. I'm not getting anything"

"What do you mean?"

"I'm not getting noise. It's like a silent film. I just see myself with nothing over it."

"I assure you the TV is not the problem"

"Well, I think it is. Maybe Satan should have gotten a better TV cause its busted. If its not the TV then what is it?"

"In your case, no noise means no thoughts. No one thought about you"

"What are you talking about? I've had family and friends. I was well liked. I was even hated by some. Of course people thought about me"

"Yes, some people may have thought about you but none of those thoughts were genuine or meant enough as to be recorded. They were merely passing thoughts. If you expect us to record every single thought, even a passing one, about everyone in hell then we'd be here for an eternity. No, only the important thoughts are recorded. Only thoughts that a person genuinely feels. Deep love. Deep hatred. Or deep curiosity."

"So, what then are you saying"

"It's clear what I'm saying. No one has even given you a genuine thought"

No, I think to myself. No way. I forward it to my most monumental moments in my life - my graduation, my first job, my first kiss, my first love.

"Look, none of these moments have commentary! Why? These moments are what make a person. I had people in my life back then. Look..."

I show him all the moments.

"Are you telling me no on in my life cared enough about me to think anything? Good or bad? No one cared is what you are telling me!"

"I'm not telling you anything. I'm showing you, I'm showing you your life"

"Life? How the fuck is this a life? No one cared about me."

"Are you done here, sir? There are others"

I stare at the TV going further and further trying to find a moment where I can hear something, anything.

"Please, please let me hear something. Come on, I must have meant something to someone. Anyone."

"Listen sir, sometimes death happens suddenly. For a lot here, including myself, death happened in a blink of an eye. One moment I'm with my wife and kids next I'm dead. For some, like yourself, you've been dead for a while now. You just didn't know it."

I can't believe it. I meant so little to my family and friends. I wasted my life. I was nothing to them. I am nothing. 

"Are you done sir? There are others"

I place the remote in his hand and walk out without a word. My eyes fixated on whats in front of me. I pass by the line in a zombie state as the onlookers mumble to each other at the body walking out.

"H..Hey buddy" A man who looks wrecked with despair gets closer to me. 

"Whats it like in there?"

I say with almost a raspy, disconnected voice....

"Hell"