I'm an eternal optimist. (Emphasis on the eternal.) I mean, I've always been of the mindset that circumstances only suck as much as you let them.

Don't get me wrong--my circumstances *sucked*. But there were perks. One perk, for instance, was that I was the only person on Beale Street scouring the sidewalk for pennies. Sure, sure, my tendency to stoop and dive at even the faintest glimpse of copper earned me quite a few jostles and even more raised eyebrows. But what can I say? Pragmatism will always have its dissenters.

Then again, I couldn't blame my critics too harshly. It was 2018. No one knew the aliens were six months to landing and invading. No one knew their weakness, a species-wide allergy to copper, would inflate the penny to one million times its current worth.

Pragmatism, folks.

To be sure, there were more effective methods of gathering copper, but the type of practicality I'd spent my life training for didn't lend itself spectacularly to small details and micro efforts. I was a large-scale, macro girl. And right now, collecting pennies was keeping me sane.

It was a good hobby. There was the illusion of productivity, not to mention the time suck. For my festering psyche, both were indispensable. Plus, Sacha thought occupation was good for me, and I trusted Sacha. "Idle hands!" she would snap whenever she caught me staring at the water-stained ceiling of our dingy two-bedroom. I stared at the water-stained ceiling of our dingy two-bedroom quite a lot if I'm honest.

But Sacha's censure was reliable, and she snapped me out of my sulks. Sacha was my rock. I mean, she'd always been my right-hand woman, but she continued to ground me. Even here. Once we'd realized our trip wasn't exactly a round one, she'd even pulled a few strings to get me a part-time job. It was at one of the local diners, and it was a bacon-greased nightmare, but I couldn't blame Sacha. It was the best she could do--employers tended to take issue when their applicants 'didn't exist.' So we both made do.

And Sacha was an optimist too. Whenever I came home, all coffee-stained and murder eyes, she never failed to insist flipping pancakes and pouring cranky old men decaf was a great character builder. To use her words, my "over-inflated ego" would be "exquisitely humbled."

On these occasions, I generally told Sacha to go fuck herself. She would laugh. I would laugh. And sometimes I would start crying. Sacha always left, tight-lipped and troubled, only to return with a strawberry milkshake from the burger joint across the street. She wasn't hugger, or even much of a toucher, but she'd worked out her own means of providing comfort. I loved Sacha. And goddamn, I loved those strawberry milkshakes.

One thing I will admit this city has going for it is its milkshakes. I'd never had dairy before I came here; it just wasn't a widely available resource back home.  Cows and chemical warfare. The aliens made damn sure we didn't have the meats. Or milk or cheese or ice cream or milkshakes. Damn. I wanted a milkshake.

A dozen or so pennies in my pocket, I was actually thinking about calling it quits and snagging one on the way home. I had just about convinced myself when a faint *tinkle* alerted me to a coin skipping its way across the pavement. I had a brief glimpse of a glorious pinskirt as a pair of long, long, *mesmerizing* legs disappeared into Beale Street's human tides. *Huh*, I thought, feeling dazed and returning my attention to the penny, now hidden under the shadow of a bench. *Must have dropped it*.

Those not new to Beale Street eagerly parted the way for my crazy as I walked toward the bench. Draping myself into it, I snatched the penny off the ground, pausing a beat to check the date. (Dates *fascinated* me; they made coins feel like little time travelers; plus I needed to make sure the penny was actual copper and not a zinc-faced poser.) As I held the penny up for inspection, my mouth went dry. "Jesus, shit!" I croaked, probably surprising no one--at least no Beale Streeters acquainted with me and my hobby.

The year was 2044. And Lincoln--my buddy, my *pal*; I liked to think we had a special kind of solidarity--was curiously absent. Facing forward, eyes bursting with hope for a humanist nation under alien terror--it was *me*. 

Hands trembling, heart galloping, I struggled to keep hold of the penny as I dug through a pocket and retrieved my clunky mobile.

After two rings, Sacha answered. "*Madam President*," she said with that peculiar double-edged sarcasm that let me know she was with other people, likely coworkers. 

"Sacha, head home. Head home now. Someone else is here. Someone else *came back*." Then I jerked my head up, peering futilely into the crowd on Beale Street. "And I think--I think she might be fucking with us."