Sara yawned. She yawned wide enough that her ears hurt for a few seconds after she was finished.  

The sun was on it’s way to greet the horizon. The clouds were already starting to reflect the pink and oranges of the upcoming sunset, and the windows of the shops reflected the light directly into her eyes as she left the bakery.  She held a large loaf of sourdough bread under her arm. It would be for her dinner, and if it came out well enough she would take what was left to her older neighbor a few yards down the path.  

That was her plan. It had been here plan all day long, until she forgot that she had never picked up the stupid loaf of bread from the store. She would have been at home, stewing and relaxing, instead of walking into the blinding sun on tired legs and feet. The rest of the village was inside already.  

Sara had been the last customer of the day for the bakery. She had only just slid inside before they switched the sign from open to closed. 

Nevertheless, she pushed her legs forward. She had her loaf of bread, and her stomach was starting to rumble at her. 

Moving across a cobblestone intersection, Sara had moved away from the market district and into the housing corner of her village. Some of the sellers lived on top of their stores, and others had small homes nestled in between the shops. A lot of the villagers lived in this section. Some, like herself, lived further out where the cobblestone became dirt and there was more room to farm. 

She was glad for the chance to turn away from the setting sun, although she knew she still at least 10 minutes before she was back inside her kitchen.  With her attention absorbed in her thoughts about dinner, remaining chores, and the activities of the next few days, Sara didn’t notice the large shadow that settled over her body.  

It blocked out the sun entirely, like a wide tree in the summertime. A breeze moved across her body, and as gooseflesh grew upon her skin she finally looked up. The horizon held huts, grass, and a handful of other locals making their way around town.  A low growling sound cause her to furrow her brows before looking up at the sky above her.   

A groan escaped her throat and a moment later she felt two large sets of claws wrap around her upper body. Without thinking about it, she hugged the loaf of bread closer to her body and tucked her legs inward, making herself smaller. She closed her eyes, and rolled her head downward. There was nothing she could do until the dragon made it back to its home and set her down. 

It only took a moment, but it felt like longer. The motion brought waves of motion sickness to Sara's stomach, and by the time she was set back down on the ground, her breathing had sped up to near hyper-ventilating status.  Feet on the ground, her legs stretched themselves back out into a standing position. The bread was clutched her chest and eyes still closed, however. 

She stayed this way, trying to get her heart rate back to a normal rhythm. She kept her eyes closed until she felt a warm and scratchy muzzle graze the side of her  face. A chuckle forced its way out of her, and she opened her eyes to look at the giant creature. 

“Gwen!” Sara scolded, gently. “I was on my way home to make dinner.”  

Sara furrowed her brows and pouted, trying to make herself look angry at the gentle beast. If she hadn’t been so hungry she would have happily come over and given her attention.  In return, her pet snorted a wisp of smoke in her direction.  

Sara laughed and spoke with no play anger, “I guess I still have bread.” 

/r/Beezus_Writes 