Crescent 28 and Drillersbane were on a collision course. Not literally of course, as the elliptical orbits of the 46 moons never actually touched, but the upcoming near-collision was significant. It signalled a religious event on the home Lupinae, the biggest of the 23 giant constructed habitats floating in the gas and water atmosphere of Jupiter. When humans colonised the gas giant, they had thought that sustaining life in the partially terraformed Helium and H2O clouds and masses of water would be the most difficult challenge. However, the moons had an unexpected effect on a recessive gene, once almost wiped out from the human population by hunting to extinction. The almost constant drag of the 46 moons triggered a mutation that had been reserved for story books for a very long time. 

Normally the mutation was kept at bay by the introduction of drugs into the water systems. Rebellion was struck down hard, as the resilient core of believers were purged and sometimes thrown into the gas clouds, to fall endlessly through the solid mass of water encasing the core, until finally crushed by the increasing pressure as they neared the centre. There was propaganda on both sides, stories of combatants surviving the Fall, and coming back fully mutated. Stories of those who mutated and didn't recognise their family. And the stories intensified around the event that was currently seen on the sky, as the red surface of Crescent 28 seemed to reach for its smaller cousin, creating an explosion of colours as the atmosphere of the two moons collided. The crowds below on the home habitat stared at the sky, closely watched by groups of guards in civilian clothes. Some watchers made defiant gestures behind their bulky robed backs, some made them in the open. The two moons kept nearly touching, seeming for one moment to almost certainly collide. Until they slowly moved apart. The guards, not native to the world, breathed a sigh of relief. 

The people began to disperse, some dropping by the stalls of open-air cooking by the viaducts. Rain began in the habitat, always a convenient way to send everyone home. Until a screeching noise filled the long ears of the closest people, as a dark shape glided across the domed ceiling, a small blur along the edge of the outer shield. People began to point and stare and some ran towards the giant see-through panels of fiber, to watch the person land on a outspring almost at ground level. Horrified they saw that the figure was outside with minimal life support, perched as if ready for flight. Guards began pushing towards the airlock, scrambling for Breathers as the person waved a sad goodbye and someone screamed. The dark shape dove into the semisolid water surface just below the habitat, and clearly fell, distorted by layers of gas and H2O. 