Timmy looked out the window of the bus home from work, imagining a tiny figure running alongside it. With an imaginary joystick he controlled the figure, avoiding oncoming cars, gathering bonus points by doing tricks in the air. He was very good at this game, just as he was very good at his job. He had taken a straight path from school to high school, then university and today he had celebrated his  7 year anniversary at Work.  He and mom had baked his favorite cake to bring with him, and the others had loved it. Even the teachers complimented the cake.
Math was his favourite subject – always had been, and always would be. That was why he loved his job so much: they didn’t have any of the boring classes like history or grammar, just math all day. Timmy was the best in his class, but unlike in school people at work found that cool and praised him for it.

The bus came to a stop and he realised that this was his stop. He exited the bus, remembering to thank the bus driver. Mum said you should always thank people when they do something nice for you, even if it is just their job.
He went inside and was greeted by Bailey. The puppy tried jumping up at him, but he said ”No” in his most commanding voice, and Bailey complied. Mom didn’t want Bailey to jump at people, so Timmy tried to help teaching him.  ”Good boy”, Timmy said to the dog, then went in to the living room.

”Hi honey”, his mom said, greeting him with a hug and a kiss on the forehead. ”How was work today? Did you get any homework?”.

”It was fun!” Timmy replied, continuing ”We did get some homework but I managed to finish it all at work! Can I go play computer?”.

”Well if you’ve finished all your home work, then go ahead. But remember to take Bailey out afterwards!” mom replied. Timmy eagerly turned on the computer and set the timer to one hour. Ever since he started working he had been allowed to play for a full hour – before then it was only 30 minutes. Some of his friends were allowed to play for as long as they wanted, but mom and dad didn’t want him to spend all his time playing.

One hour later he found the leash for Bailey and shouted to mom that he was taking him out. She shouted an okay from somewhere in the house, and he went outside. He looked both ways before crossing the street to the park, where he found Christy, his best friend for the last 27 years. She wasn’t interested in math, but that was okay, because they could talk about anything. They had made a blood pact when they were seven, that they would always be best friends.

At her job they had to ride horses all day and she loved it. Timmy didn’t like horses, but he liked talking to her about her job anyway. A thought occured to him as they were walking while she explained the quiet temper of her horse, Murphy, and how she struggled getting him to gallop properly. He had been old, at least twenty years, when shet got him for her 7th birthday. ”How old do horses get?”, he asked her. ”Around 30 years or so”, she replied cheerfully, then attempted to go back to her explanation. ”Huh” he said, ”but Murphy must be nearly 50 now”. 

”Yep”, she said.

”Isn’t that odd? He must be the oldest horse in the world!”.

”Well what about Bailey?” she answered, not answering the question.

”What about him?”

”Dogs only live 10 years, and you’ve had him for as long as I can remember”.

He chewed on that for a bit.

”It is odd”, he finally said, ”that Bailey is still a puppy at thirty years old”. 

”It’s not that weird if you think about it” she told him, stopping and turning to him, ”since you’re in a coma, dumbass”. 

”What do you mean I’m in a coma? I’m not in a coma! You are!” He knew it was a childish thing to say, but he didn’t care. This wasn’t funny.

”You didn’t know?” she asked, eyes widening as she realised that he did, in fact, not have any idea what she was talking about. ”Didn’t you realise that your parents don’t have wrinkles and gray hair like grandma, even though they are almost the same age now?”.

”No” he said slowly, his momentary anger overshadowed by his curiosity. He did like puzzles, and this seemed an interesting one. ”I never even thought about that. Does that mean this is all inside my head?”

”Of course it is!” she laughed. ”That doesn’t mean it isn’t real. Like Harry Potter, that’s real in a sense even if it’s only in your imagination.” 

That made sense to him. He did love Harry Potter, had probably read the book a dozen times. A thought occured to him.

”Is that why Harry Potter 2 hasn’t been released yet? I did think it was odd that she hadn’t had time to finish the second book in over twenty years.”

”Uhuh” she nodded. ”There’s probably a bunch of Harry Potter books in the real world now. Like 20 or so”.
They walked in silence for a while.

”I’d like to read all those Harry Potter books one day” he finally said.

”Yea me too” she replied. 

Some time passed.

 ”You know, you could just wake up”, she finally said.

”I can do that? How? What would happen to you and mom and dad and Bailey?”

”We’ll still be in your head, I guess” she replied. She did not seem scared by the thought of him waking. ”Your head is a nice place to be”, she added.

”So how do I wake up?” he asked. ”I should probably ask dad, he always knows everything.”
She agreed with him.

They finally made it back to his house. He hugged her goodbye and went inside to find dad.

Darkness. Voices. Noise. He slowly opened his eyes to a room full of light. And people, he suddenly realised. There was a man that looked a bit like dad, but wrong somehow. The hair was mostly gray instead of brown, and the face was full of wrinkles. He had tears in his eyes which was weird, because dad never cried. Next to the bed sat a woman that looked like mom, but wrong in the same way. The hair was short instead of long, and also graying. Her warm hands were holding his, and she was crying. At the other side of the bed sat a woman on a chair, a book in her hands. ”Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows” was the title. 

”Mum? Dad?” a deep voice said. It took him a moment to realize it was his own. ”Christy?”




*I didn't feel like writing more at this point, but the idea is that he falls asleep and goes back to the coma-dream where he can tell his coma-friend about the real world. And then of course there is plenty of interesting stuff to explore about a 7-8 year old boy in a 32 year old body.*