I looked out over the vast valley. The silver capped Hab-domes laid out in neat little rows. It was Harvesters Eve. A happy day...

The Keepers, those that teach the young the universal language, were out with the same blank expressions that they had always had since we were children. They were putting out decorations for the nights festivities, agile fingers stringing lights from Hab to Hab. M-732G had always told me that they were instructed to make holidays, to create a tradition. 

What the old world hadn’t expected was what M would call “a series of natural events leading to an unnatural accident”. No one expects a boy to get mutilated. No one knew that the Keepers were starting to experience the Decay. The accident left me mute. Useless to the colony. It would be a couple more decades until the ship gave priority to some prosthetics for a single unit.

So I sat.

High up the valley hills where the wind whispered through the trees.

I heaved myself up the small path between the high grass and walked over the hill, the domes and fields fading behind me as the trees started to engulf me.

I walked a few miles. the sun creeping lower as I walked to my little sacred spot. I had stumbled upon it a few years after the accident. I had gotten into an argument with M, futile attempts on her part if you ask me. They were upset that I had gone out shirtless, without my rudimentary prosthetics. I could say only a handful of words and phrases, not enough to communicate thoroughly.

The rolling hills gave way to lush blue forest mountain. The summer harvest was always a beautiful time on Ursa Prime. I could hear the rolling noise of my destination. High up in the mountain laid a 300ft waterfall. The green waterfall roared over into a spring overgrown with wildlife. Water plants stuck out of the smaller pools, an animal drank idly before skittering off at my presence.

I did my best to shoulder my shirt off, and kick my pants off on the bank. I slunk into the water. The sun had dropped low, and within a minute I was able to pick out Ursa Delta among the stars, one of the other two colony worlds, Ursa Alpha was behind us this month. As I stared into the sky, the sound of the falls crashing into this tranquil place was a needed change from the constant quiet that was the colony. 

I waded deeper, and stood under the falls. I reached out my arms, all I wanted to do was feel something tickle the deadened nerves at the end of my wrists. I screamed at the stars and the blackness of space.