I couldn't help but feel somewhat satisfied as I watched the silver minivan slam into the woman who had been texting in the middle of the crosswalk. The driver didn't stop either. He was old. Most his features were obscured by the tinted windows, but I could just make out a bushy grey beard as he sped passed me. I watched him for a moment, until he took a sharp turn at the end of the street. *Lunatic.* Looking back at the former traffic obstruction, I fought to suppress the burning envy spreading through my chest as I stared at her crumpled, broken body. The screen of her phone, pristine in her limp grasp, reflected the streetlamp's light. Pulling my hood over my head, I made to resume my walk home, but stopped as I heard.. something. Something faint. Quiet — like the sound of a squeegee sliding along wet class. Turning back to the girl, I made my way over to her mangled body. Her chest rose and fell almost imperceptibly. Squatting down, I gazed at her. The fire in my chest had been smothered, leaving only dying embers of curiosity. Now this I could relate to. Shrugging, I stood up, and started down the street.

"You're just gonna leave her like that? That's cold, man."

For the second time, I stopped dead in my tracks. The fire was back. Without turning around, I called over my shoulder.

"Fuck you."

&#x200B;

Rounding the corner of my block, I saw Q lying on the bench in front of the alleyway. His shopping cart was parked beside it and he lay wrapped in his patchy, foul-smelling blanket, curled inward against the cold.

*That can't be comfortable.*

I considered waking him, but decided against it. Shrugging, I continued onwards, breathing shallowly to avoid the worsening stench.

*Jesus Fucking Christ. Why is it so bad today?* 

As I walked passed him, I glanced over, wondering how he could even bear the odor — let alone sleep in it.

As I unlocked the door to my apartment there was a sudden, sharp pain on my wrist. Cursing, I smacked it with my other hand. Checking my palm, I grimaced at the splattered spider whose guts were streaked across my palm. Wiping it off on my jeans, I stepped inside. There was a stifled squeak as my foot came down on something softer than I anticipated. Without looking, I leaned against the door frame and kicked the carcass of whatever I had stepped on into the hallway, along with my boot. Slamming the door shut, I locked the deadbolts and made my way to the fridge. Inside was a rotten apple.

*Lovely.*

Sighing, I spun on my heels, letting the back of my head bang against the frigid box of lies. Gazing into the light fixture, I noticed two dead flies along its rim.

*You've got to be fucking kidding me.*

I closed my eyes, balling my fists and pressing them against my temples in a vain effort to alleviate the pressure that was already beginning to form.

"What. The Fuck. Do you want?"

When I opened my eyes, he was sitting at the table. He smiled at me, getting up from the table and approaching me with his arms out.

***Thwack***.

It was a good one. Right on the nose. There was a *snap* as it connected and I smiled at the warm liquid dripping down my knuckles. He stepped back, pinching his nose and tilting his head back.

"Okay, okay. I may have deserved that." He chuckled.

Letting his head fall forward, he ran his hand down his face, almost as if he were tired. When he pulled it away, it was clear of any blood — as was his nose.

"You know, one day I'm really gonna get sick of that."

I shrugged. "What are you gonna do, kill me?"

He grinned. "You wish."

I glared at him. He stared back, unabashed, still grinning. The hairs on the back of my neck rose as I failed to suppress a shudder. There was something disturbing in his eyes when he grinned. Something ancient. Twisted. Wild.

"Why don't I just tell you what I'm here for. Come. Sit with me."

He reclaimed his seat at the table. Before I could respond, he beckoned with his hand and I felt myself moving towards him, pulling a chair free and sitting in it. He leaned forward onto crossed arms. The grin was gone, but the look in his eye wasn't. If anything, it intensified.

"I'm tired."

I narrowed my eyes. "So go to sleep. Wait. Can you even do that?"

He shrugged. "Kinda. But that's not what I mean." He shook his head and sighed. "I'm tired of this. Life. Death. Reaping. All of it."

"Are you seriously trying to tell me Death is suicidal?"

He smiled again, but there was no humor there.

"Not suicidal. Tired. I need a break. Do you know what happens when you die?" He laughed. "Of course you don't. Sorry. Anyway, you know how they say your entire life flashes before your eyes? That's me. Some of my Reaper responsibilities include examining your entire life and using what I find to decide where to take you afterwards."

He sighed, gesturing with his hand. A six-pack of beer blinked into existence in the center of the table. He inclined his head.

"Help yourself."

Something told me disagreeing would be a bad idea, so I cracked one open.

"That sounds rough," I said, taking a swig.

"You don't know the half of it. What's worse is I have to experience it right there with you! And not even on some Jacob Marley shit either. I have to live through each and every experience with you, in your head, feeling what you feel, stuck in some pathetic, mortal body!" He glanced down at himself. "You know what I mean."

I took another swig from my beer, watching him. He ran his hand over his face again, but this time it seemed out of exhaustion. Grabbing a beer, he twisted off the top and emptied its contents into his gullet. He did this four times. I hadn't noticed at first, but each time a bottle was pulled from the six-pack, it was replaced instantly.

"Does that even do anything for you?"

He shrugged. "I can pretend."

I cocked my head to the side, studying him.

"I gotta say, that's a pretty sad tale, but I'm not seeing how I can be of any help."

He held up a finger, draining another bottle before slamming it down with a belch.

"I want you to replace me."