Stranded


yron sat there, in his hoverchair, watching, for something had happened that was quite impossible by 2113 ship model standards. The ship’s trusty gyroscope must have failed, he thought at the sight of his glass of water rippling.
“ROB!” shouted Byron, “GET OVER HERE!”
Though there was no reply from Rob, the XI-2 robot, Byron regretted his purchase of the darned thing. So he fetched Lonzo, the ship engineer, and headed down to the mechanical room. It was on the first of two floors, an abandoned space housing only things like the fuel tank, engine, etc. The only other thing the first floor was used for was storage and jail cells for mutinous passengers, which were quite seldom. The second floor, however, was just living space, and of course, the cockpit.
“What's wrong now?” asked Lonzo.
“Well, I believe that the ship’s gyroscope is screwed up,” replied Byron.
“Is that so?” he asked. “Say no more.”
Then suddenly the ship, and everything inside it, lurched forward. The ship stopped! Byron gave Lonzo an inquisitive look, then rushed to the cockpit, where they found Baxter, their captain, angrily trying to maneuver the controls.
    “The damn thing has stopped!” he said to his confused passenger.
Impossible, it seemed, because for the ship to stop, it would have to have a alternative force stopping it, and out in space there was no gravity, wind, or any other force besides the ones existing on this ship. A second after, Rob appeared in the cockpit.
“Master! The engine thrusters have reversed, then stopped! What is the meaning of this?” he asked Byron.
“Where were you five minutes ago?!” asked Byron. “The gyroscope has failed.” 
“Exactly five minutes ago, I was at the charging dock, getting some sleep,” replied Rob.
A second later, Lonzo stormed into the room. “It’s gone! I couldn't find it anywhere. Somehow the gyroscope has disa-” At the end of his sentence the lights went out.
“Master!” shouted Rob.
“Everyone stay calm!” ordered Baxter. “The ship is just reacting to the abrupt halt. Lighting should be back on in a few hours. Lonzo?”
“Yes, Captain?”
“Turn on the emergency power supply. It’s on the first floor. And have Rob go with you.”
“Yes sir! I’m on it!” answered Lonzo. “Let’s go, Rob.”
And Byron heard the clunking of Rob’s and Lonzo’s feet. Meanwhile, Baxter ordered him to check the ship for foreign contaminants. The scariest job on the whole ship, Byron thought as he left the cockpit. With only one flashlight in his hand, he looked around the room he was in the living room. If you could call it that. It was more of a rec room. In the corner, a small kitchen with a food dehydrator, stove, microwave oven, sink, and some storage cabinets that held “space food” and other gross stuff. The other corners held a sofa, emergency air packs, and a cabin depressurizer. In the middle was a holocomp. In simple terms, it was like a computer from the dark ages 94 years ago, when nuclear war threatened to end human civilization. It took everyone by surprise when the controversial president was shot, which led to the Second Civil War. The east won and the U.S was merged with the rest of the Americas, now called U.U.A. (United Union of the Americas).
That moment the lights came back on. At the joyful prospect of light, Byron turned off his flashlight. Now his job will not be as scary, he thought. His flower of hope quickly vanished at the sound of Lonzo’s screaming. Byron, without thinking, grabbed a blaster and ran downstairs. The hiss of a door signaled that something had just opened or closed. Looking around the room he was in, Byron registered what happened before he saw it: the specimen room had been opened. Panicking, he ran to the ominous door and shut it. However, it was too late. A heaping pile of what was once Lonzo lay on the floor, covered in spots that signaled the W.A.S.Ps had been let free from their domain. Byron didn’t know what it meant; only that it was a genetically engineered bug from the U.U.A military. Then fear set in. He sounded the alarm and emergency lock system and ran out of the room, hoping it wasn't too late, that the bugs had not left the room yet. ROB! Byron thought. Where is he?! As he approached the elevator, he noticed something different. It was a buzzing sound that gradually started to fill his ears. All the colour drained from his face as Byron realized what had happened. Everything seemed to freeze in that moment. With only seconds to spare, he ran to the stairs, locked the door, and bolted to the top floor. “Turn off all air downstairs! No time to explain!” Byron shouted to his captain.
“Why?” asked Baxter, with fear in his eyes.
“The Specimen room has been opened! Now turn off the oxygen flow!”
“Where is Lonzo?” Asked Baxter, ignoring the urgent request.
“Dead.” Byron answered with tears falling down his face. “He’s dead, okay? Just do what I say. The W.A.S.Ps have been released.”
“Oh, God! I'm on it, Byron!”
And a minute later he heard the sound that signaled all life downstairs is dead, including the horrible bugs. Rob appeared at the doorway with as solem a face that he could manage, being a robot and all.
“Master … I warned him, but Lonzo was persistent at his attempt to open the specimen room. All he would say is, ‘I have to. I must.’ I do not know why he did it, though he must have known that it would eminently lead to his demise.”
Byron started wondering, but quickly dismissed the thought; it’s against the first law of robotics: A robot shall not harm a human, or allow one to come in to harm through inaction. But it still nagged at the back of his head. What if?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    An hour later, a thought entered Byron’s head. The spare gyroscope! It’s downstairs, though. After talking it over with Baxter, they decided that Byron will walk out onto the hull of the ship and enter the storage through the outside entrance. In his sterile space suit, Byron walked through the chambers and out the hatch that led into the infinite abyss. Breathing carefully, for every breath mattered, he stuck his magnet boots onto the cold hull of the ship and walked down, relevant to him. The entrance lay there, but Byron would have to be very wary because the door is meant for transport of goods on planets, not in space. Once he found it, one minute problem occurred: there was no way to open it from the outside. Kicking the door was his last solution, but Byron found that it worked! As soon as he tore away the rest of the door, Byron was struck with surprise. Everything in the storage room was being sucked into space. All the precious air, all the goods, all the machinery, everything! And there it was, the most prized possession: the gyroscope. As Byron reached for it, a stinging sensation ran through his hand. Horrified, Byron watched as a W.A.S.P ran through his protective layer of synthetic polymer and into his space suit, annihilating all hope of survival.
    Baxter looked through the cockpit window and saw his best friend and crewmate struggle against a W.A.S.P unit that burrowed into his suit. Sighing, he pulled the lever on Byron’s air. No point wasting air on dead man. Accepting failure, he called HQ to bring an emergency pod to his location in space. After that, he sat down and thought about his life on the ship with Lonzo and Byron. Many years worth of memories with his two favorite people in the galaxy brought tears to his eyes. However, confusion replaced sadness as the cockpit door hissed behind him.
    “So naive,” rang a robotic voice through the intercom “Goodbye, Captain Baxter.”
Baxter heard a second hiss, this time not from a door. Looking up, he saw a green gas emitting from the ventilation system. Now it really is over, he thought. “Goodbye, Rob.” he solemnly said, then dropped to the ground, dead.



