My name's Dave Simmons, I was plumber back before, you know.

Remember that bloke? Mr wassisname, famous Canadian chap. Smartest man in the world and all that. Solar powered cars, feller what found the cure? Then opened all them food banks? Yeah, him.
Well. Lesse here, this was.... about a month after he'd said he was gonna build that hotel on Mars. He hired yours truly for a job back then, see. It was weird is what it was, he called me, offered me a big up-front payment- enough for a new house, easy- and said there'd be a helicopter coming for me in an hour. So I'm not gonna turn down a job like that, I cancelled the rest of the week and packed up a bag quick like.
Why me? Well, he says he's had my card in his wallet for years, just in case. Says I'm the best plumber in the world. Dunno how he'd know, but they always said he knew everything.


Anyway, he flies me out, and before you know it I'm at his house. Not the one you know about- he's got a secret place as well, somewhere remote. Dunno where, never asked. Nice house though.
Anyway, the butler shows me in from the helipad and introduces us. And this is where it gets really odd- he shows me through to the third floor, all the way I'm making all the usual small talk, and after we get to the master bedroom and into the en-suite he finally shows me the job.
And you know what it is?


His shower's broke.


I take one look at it and I tell him, it's a write off. It's a SprayMaster 50, they went out of business in 1982 this wasn't exactly top of the line back then. Wouldn't use one to wash my dog, to be honest. Every single bit of this thing is falling apart, all been replaced before, whole thing's a complete mess. Amazed it survived this long.


So there I am, flown out to another country to fix a shower as old as I am, and I have to ask him why the hell he ain't bloody bought a new one. He's a billionaire after all.


I still remember the look in his eyes. Desperate, terrified. Looked me right in the eye and said this shower's important. More important than anything. This shower has to be fixed. This exact one. Today. Offered me any money I want just to have a look.


I look it over real careful, and tell him- it's straight up knackered. I had no idea how it had been working this long, to be honest. The best can be done for it is we completely rip it out and put a new one in. Can probably find something that'll take the same cover if it matters to him, but there's nothing else I can salvage from this mess.


Doesn't take it well. Right there he just collapses on the floor and starts crying, you'd think it's the end of the world. And call me crazy, but I reckon that's exactly where it started.