In truth, Evan hadn’t meant the summoning to be so literal. But five beers in, dressed in the dark cloak of an Elven Mage with Ryan, their DM, forgetting his name for the sixth time, he had proposed it as a joke. The second it left his lips, the other three party members jumped on the idea. Nobody actually expected a demonic spirit to come out of their candle pentagram, they just wanted to make their DM feel bad.

But then, the candles blew out. A chill crept into the room. The four party members froze, each looking to the other, all with a growing smile. Except Evan.

“How are you doing this?” Erica asked. She was the rogue of their party and the slyest of them all. Her claim to fame had been pocketing bubblegum from gas stations. After the Great 7-11 Heist of 2002, nobody could take the rogue hero from her. 

“I’m not doing anything.” Evan’s eyes flitted across the room, through the slowly encroaching fog.

“Definitely top ten sessions,” Aaron said, holding his hand up for a high five. Typical of their priest, supportive both on the battlefield and off. “You even got a fog machine!”

Their assassin, Jackson, pinched his chin in a brooding silence.

Evan let the high five go hanging. “Guys, I’m telling you, this isn’t me. I think there’s—”

“Shut up!” Ryan screamed, his voice low and distorted.

The four nerds whipped their heads his way. The fog grew particularly thick around his chair. All they could make out were two glowing eyes.

“You have summoned me into the mortal plane,” Ryan boomed. “What contract would you like fulfilled?”

“Wow.” Aaron held up his plastic priest chalice. “Way to go, Ryan. You are *really* committing to this.”

“Shut up you filth.” The glowing red eyes grew in intensity. The fog parted ever so slightly. A single horn stuck out. “Answer my question or do you dare waste the time of the Demon Lord Azaereth?”

“Oh great demon lord,” Erica said, her eyes twinkling. “We humble mortals ask for a single thing and that is a great conquest in Dungeons and Dragons. If you grant our request, we shall wager our very souls!”

The blood drained from Evan’s face. Leave it to the rogue to joke in a time like this! Then again, leave it to the mage to summon an actual demon using spells he made up in his parents’ basement.

“Very well.” The red eyes grew until it engulfed the entire room in its glow, tinting everything in the color of blood. “You will have your conquest, but you play with your soul on the line. This one will be our collateral.” The red grew brighter until it had drowned out the fog, the candles, everything.

“Guys,” Aaron said, his voice fading fast in the distance. “I’m not sure this is supposed to happen.”

Then, the red flicked to black.

Evan awoke in a field of grass. His eyes opened to a sky basked in moonlight. Three moons shone above him, two clustered together and a third halfway across the sky. He moved to push himself up and his hand hit metal. It clanked against the ground. His staff!

For a second, he could only stare. Then, he looked around and spotted the three other party members, each with various weapons around them—daggers for Jackson, a mace for Aaron, and a bow and arrow for Erica.

“Welcome,” Ryan’s boomed across the sky, “to the world of Graythor. A world stuck in the endless night with the biting Winter approaching from the north and the scorching Summer from the south. It is a world unhinged and there is but a single way to restore balance. The Demon Lord Azaereth awaits you at the edges of hell. Now go forth on your most epic adventure yet.”

The four pretend heroes exchanged furtive glances and together, they said, “Oh fuck.”



