"...I'm sorry, Rafti you will have to repeat that? they did what?"

"um, well sir, they seem to have... I mean initial reports are that they have, um... exited their... planetary orbit"

"I see, Rafti. We knew it would happen eventually, although this is sooner than anticipated. I take it they finally managed to harness the atom for this?:

"well... its, uh... no. see sir the early reports indicate... no nuclear traces" 

"No atom?"

"N... no sir" Rafti shifted nervously in the air, his gaseous form growing slowly more solid under his superiors gaze.

"Rafti, this species only discovered the power of the atom 2.173 eros ago, a mere 20... what do they call them? 'Yeers?' ago and they promptly used that power do destroy one another. Not brilliant creatures to say the least.

"Correct sir"

"Yet now you tell me they have entered lunar orbit WITHOUT the atom?"

Rafti was a near solid mass now and had gradually dropped close to the floor under his increased density

"Rafti, we have manned this Corvette for over 5.96 eros together. There is no need to allow your nervous system to control you, I need you to bringoneselfapart*"

> *Unglerian term for "pull yourself together"

"Yes sir" Rafti slowly allowed himself to dissipate, calming his nerves. Such was his anxiety that he had almost touched the ground, a terribly shameful thing in Unglerian culture.

"Now explain to me, how did they accomplish this? 

"Highly energetic degraded biological mass sir"

"What are you referring to?"

"Sir, you recall when our kind first discovered this galaxy?"

"Yes"

"You recall the Precursors?"

"Yes, a mighty species. Wise, humble they contributed greatly to the Endubla Council in its formative years.... What did these humans call them again?"

"Dinosaurs sir. In one of their languages it means 'Terrible Lizard'"

"Ah yes, Dinosaur, 'terrible lizard'. What a misnomer Rafti, these were truly marvelous beings... why without them the Cruliian Civil war may never have ended"

"Indeed sir, and were it not for the result of Comet 68x8tg8x3's impact and the subsequent ice age they may still be contributing to galactic peace".

"That was a sad day Rafti, the passing of so great a civilization. Such was their honor that knowing no other species in the galactic realm could brave the cold they allowed themselves to be martyred. Our species deemed this planet dead. That is until these odd monkeys came to be".

"Correct sir. The Precursors were indeed noble creatures. Very deserving of the half Ero we set aside in their memory...." Rafti trailed off

"Now what do the Precursors have to do with these sapiens and their galactic endeavors?"

Rafti was beginning to condense again.

"Well Admiral the... Precursors, their bodies of course degraded over the millions of years since. They were biological in make so it was natural that their cells would.... decompose.

"Of course"

"Sir, these humans have... well taken to using the Precursor decomposition as a fuel source"

"......"

"sir?" Rafti was once again barely hovering above the floor, as he watched the admiral. He had never seen his superior officer even flinch much less condense as he was now.

"......"

"Admiral?" 

"......"

"Admiral Folxca? are you alright?" Admiral had lost all composure. He now sat as a solid object anchored to the ground.

"Rafti, they are using the soul matter of Precursors to fuel their ambitions..."

"Sir..."

"They are literally powering their galactic endeavors with the sacred cells of Precursors..."

At this Admiral Folxca simply stopped. Never before in the 13.5 eros that Rafti had lived had he seen a fellow Unglerian so still.... so solid.

"sir?"

"Rafti if this species, these.... monkeys.... only a few million years old.... have already gain access to the Precursors Quantamic Energy Source.... this could mean extinction for our cosmos on a cellular level. You've seen what they...

"sir"

"I mean these creatures just used the power of the atom to eradicate some of THEIR OWN SPECIES what happens when..."

"Sir"

"We must alert the Cosmological Council, we must get all species on stand by we must...."

"SIR!"

Floxca stopped. Never before had Rafti shouted at him.

"Rafti?"

"Sir they haven't figured out Quantamic Energy"

"But you just floated here and told me..."

"Sir, they are using it through an incendiary propulsion system"

"..... what?"

"Well um yes sir they are using the liquid decompose. The refine it and then light it on fire to create a controlled explosion. They used a series of these explosions to escape orbit sir."

"...Rafti let me get this completely clear. They are taking the dead cellular mass of the great Precursors, which hold the power of Quantamic Energy and they are 'lighting it on fire to create explosions'?"

"Yes sir"

"And these explosions work how?"

"Well they, um they are contained in a chamber of the ship they use to power into orbit".

"....."

"They are quite literally riding large controlled explosive devices sir"

"Rafti, take us home"

"sir?"

"Take us home. I've had enough. Leave a probe to monitor them, we cannot allow such vicious, insane creatures to harness Quantimic power but I doubt we need fear that. It would seem clear they are incapable of any rational thought"

"yes sir"

"Lighting the Precursors dead bodies....explosions.... I am done with these damnable apes and their chaotic ways, we'll give them another million years and come back to check on them"
