**So I completely misunderstood the prompt, but still didn't want this to go to waste.**

"Morning doc."  

Doctor Jennings looks up from my file as he steps into the room, "Morning Will."  He flashes that 'too' white smile at me.  He looks over my file again, sitting in his little black stool, "Here for a booster?"

I nod and roll up my sleeve as he fumbles around his cabinets, pulling out a small pre-filled and sealed syringe. 

"Okay, you know the drill," he says holding the syringe. With a quick swipe across my wrist, a digital user interface appears before my eyes.  My personal data scrolls by on virtual displays as I look at the doctor and register a duel.  I give a small chuckle. Back in the olden days a duel was a fight to the death, now it was the only means of disabling the world wide PVP system between two people.  If we didn't the second that needle touched my skin, it'd bend like a reed.

The word 'Accepted' flashes in my vision as the Doctor accepts the duel, "Alrighty then."

Jennings step over with the syringe and a individual alcohol swab, but somethings wrong.  He's sweating in this cold office.  His lip twitches.  His left hand is behind his back. Oh God!

With a quick motion, I kick the doctor in the chest and he stumbled back into the cabinets.  From behind his back his hand swings out revealing an revolver.  He points it at me as I roll off the examining table.  A loud bang rips though the room.  I look up and see the doctor reeling from the blast.  He's not used to the recoil of the weapon and wasn't expecting the loud bang in such a small room.  

On my feet again, I rush the good doctor.  He raises the gun at me, but he struggles with it a bit, giving me enough time to close the gap.  With a thud, my fist finds his gut and knocks the wind out of him.  His arm goes wide and another round rips through the office.  Ears ringing, I reach for his hand and rip the gun from his grip.  Jennings crumples down onto the floor.

Outside I can hear women screaming and people yelling, no doubt one of the nurses will be calling the police.  I turn my attention back to the doctor curled up in front of me.  Raising the gun to his face, "Who paid you to kill me?"

Jennings mutterers something incoherent, I smash the grip of the revolver into those too-white teeth, "Give me a name!"  He sputters saliva, blood and bits of teeth, "I surren..."

Before he can finish I point the barrel at his head and pull the trigger painting the wall with his brains.  Couldn't let him surrender and reactivate the PVP system.  Yeah I won't get anymore answers from him, but I couldn't let him get away.  I rummage through his pockets looking for any clues to who hired him.  As I go through his pockets, a virtual display pops up showing the doctors contact information from my digital Rolodex.  A red stamp appears over his contact information, "Disconnected."  I blink and close the display, no need to be reminded.  Everyone who had the good Doc in their contacts would be notified.

Removing his wallet, I go though business cards and photos.  With a blink, they're added to my digital gallery.  I swipe his debit cards and credit cards across my wrist, giving them a scan.  I'm sure the doctor has a bank account who's balance will go to his next of kin, but anything on his person is fair game.  

I can hear cops outside.  I open the office door and yell for them.  In a second, the room is swarming with heavily armed police and swat.