The ferry man appeared from a dark corner in the room. he was tall, spindly slim and dressed in all black. his face pale and bony.

"Maurice." He said.

Maurice spit a bloody tooth on the floor and turned to the ferry man, "you must be happy." He said.

The ferry man seemingly floated into the room and approached the chair Maurice was tied to, "not so." He said.

"Why are you here?" Maurice asked. "I see those lifeless eyes of yours skulking in the darkness each day."

The ferry man said nothing, he just hovered there with indifference.

"I know," Maurice said. "I know that you can't touch me. No one can."

The ferry man turned to return into the realm of shadows.

"You made me!" Maurice yelled. "I won fair and square!"

The ferry man turned his head and stared at Maurice.

"So help me get out of this," he said. "Loosen the chains!"

"Can't do." The ferry man said.

"You can," Maurice insisted. "They will pull you here every day, rubbing their fingers on my string of fate. Forever."

The ferry man reached the shadows and began to merge with it.

"They will kill me every day as they've had over the past six months," Maurice said. "Every day, and you will be pulled back to me each time."

The ferry mans haunting eyes peered out of the shadows. Staring at Maurice.  
"Is this what you want!?" Maurice said. "To see me dead because I bested you!?"

The ferry mans bony face revealed itself out of the shadows, "a new bet."

Maurice was a gambler. All his life had been playing the odds, just like that day so long ago, against the ferry man. "My immortality."

The tall slinky form of the ferry man re-emerged from the shadows. "Yeah," Maurice said. "Another coin toss."  
A smile crept on the ferry mans face.

"Loosen the chains, and I will toss the coin. If I win, you will let me pass through the shadows and to freedom with my immortality intact. If you win, I will remain here and you can claim my soul by next time they exercise their experiments on me, and as before, I offer my servitude."

The ferry man nodded with approval to those terms and as he did, the chains dropped to the floor.

Maurice rubbed his aching wrists and flexed his body. Six months was a long time to sit chained by a chair.

"Don't judge," Maurice said. "You would do the same, if you had any flesh to feel with."

The ferry man stared with his eternal patience.

"Right, right." Maurice sought a coin in his back pocket. His lucky charm. The very same coin he had won countless bets, including the one with his own mortality. The day he saw the ferry man for the first time and had offered him the original deal.

The ferry man looked at the coin. He remembered it, and showed a hint of emotion, well, as much as death himself could muster in the form of an emotion.

Maurice felt an icing feeling wash over him. He knew the ferry man would not let luck be in his odds this time. He looked at the floor. It was a tiled stone floor. Cold to his feet. He smiled to himself as he formulated his plan. A master of coin, he could change the odds too. But perhaps he could do even better this time? A better deal. An impossible deal.

"You know," he said to the ferry man. "The outcome of a coin toss has three variables."

Maurice played with the coin between his fingers, "we should both swear that there will be no manipulations to the coin. Let chance play the odds."

The ferry man eyed him for a moment, then nodded.  
Maurice smiled, he had him now. He could win. He could change the outcome.

"Heads!" He said as he flipped the coin into the air, then hurriedly moved under the coin to let it fall behind him.

He faced the ferry man with a straight face, "Let's say the deal for head and tails remain the same."

The ferry man lowered his face to meet Maurice as an imposing show of overbearing presence. He had a feeling Maurice was scheming again.

"Let's say it is either or," Maurice said. "But, if I win, I simply give up on my immortality for freedom?"

The ferry man eyed him, "and if I win?"  
"I still give up my immortality, but you let me free."

It was a good deal. The ferry man would win in the end regardless, it might just take a little more time. But he would lose the opportunity of having a servant. He gave it a moments though, but conceded. It was after all his job to ferry the mans soul to the next. "Agreed." He said.

Maurice smiled, then moved to the side. The coin had lodged between a large gap in tiles, standing up right. No one had won or lost in the bets, but Maurice was now free from the chains.

"How?" The ferry man asked.

"We were not allowed to influence the coin," he said. "But the environment was never off limits."

The ferry man floated back to the shadows, knowing that there would be no more leverage for bets today.

"Thank you," Maurice grinned to the shadowy corner of the room.

He bent down and picked the chains from the floor, then, positioned himself on the side of the door that would be obscured by the eventual arrival of his captives.