######[](#dropcap)

"Would you like to keep your skills?" 

*Yes.* 

"Would you like to retry the same seed or generate a new life?" 

Penelope reached toward the 'Generate' button. She didn't want to go back to the same existence. She could still feel the tingle where the knife had penetrated into her leg, slicing through the muscle as if cutting through water, for nothing more than a test of her loyalty to the cause. She could feel the ice-cold iron walls squeezing in around her as she screamed, begging and pleading that she'd be obedient. She could still see her commander's cold, expressionless face as he told her she was decommissioned. The worst part about it was that, when he'd said that, she could only think, "Thank god." 

No. She had been bred and used as a tool her entire life, and she never wanted to go back there again. This was another chance at life. She could find her way to Eskor. She'd heard rumors that Eskor took in everyone--even ex-members of the Rapture like her. She could live the rest of her life as a simple woodworker, or border guard, or even a Sooi breeder. The point was, she could be completely free. 

She was free to choose anything she wanted with her life. She didn't have to feel her wrist buzz every hour on the dot anymore, or hear the cold, robotic voice of Sephra in her ear, telling her what mission she'd have to take on next. She didn't have to dread going through the portal again, and the feeling of drowning every time they gave her anesthesia to rearrange her facial features every time they sent her undercover to gather intel from another faction. 

Never again.

Then she thought of Nuko's stricken expression when she had been assigned to the Chamber. Nuko hadn't cried--they weren't capable of that. But the sound she'd made--the wailing, keening cry that sounded so much like a wounded animal...Penelope had never heard anyone make that type of sound before. 

It had chilled her down to the bone, just before the fog rolled in from the machine and she'd lost consciousness forever. 

Should she do it then? Not for herself, but for the only other person she'd ever cared about? To try and save her? Right before he'd been decommissioned, Rayan had told her something important. Something big enough to tear the organization down from the inside out. But she'd hadn't had the chance to tell anyone else before the order for her decommissioning, and so the information died with her. 

She squeezed her eyes shut. Would Nuko do the same for her? Would Nuko choose to relive the same life, spending day after day trapped in different versions of the same hell, for her? 

She already knew the answer to that question.

She pressed the button down hard. 

*Retry.* 

***

EDIT: part 2 will be posted tonight on this post and my sub!

r/AlannaWu

