There she was, sitting on a chair, as I entered the room. 

« God, I’m dreaming again… Can I for once sleep in peace? » 

« Sorry, you’re not dreaming Rom » she says, looking down. Lily had been dead for two days now.  It surprised everybody. Although, of course, an aneurysm never really announces itself. Her funeral was supposed to be held tomorrow and yet there she was, sitting in front of me. And this is supposed to be real? 

« Unfortunately for you, this is real Mr. Leprêtre. » says a feminine voice behind me. Her footsteps echo in the room as she walks past me. The lady was the most beautiful woman I had seen in my life. Her 1920’s flapper black dress underlined the paleness of her skin and matched the darkness of her hair in which she was tastefully wearing a feather headband.

 After exhaling her cigarette’s smoke, she added « Your friend chose to go for a ‘quitte ou double’ as they say in French, literally: double or nothing. ».
« What the lady means is that your friend here bet both your lives on the fact that you two could beat us in a 2v2. ». A red-faced man wearing a tweed and flannel suit had just entered the room. Had he worn a flat cap to hide the tiny horns on his head, I would have felt like in a really strange Peaky Blinders episode.

 « Nice meeting you Mr. Leprêtre, I am Satan and this is my dear friend Death ». I felt like I should have been scared but in reality this whole situation had me pretty excited. Can’t really say you get to meet Death and the Devil himself everyday, right?

 « So, what are we playing? » I asked. « Anything dear, we love mortal games.» answered Death. « We’ll leave you a few minutes to decide » says Satan as they leave the room.



« Okay, let’s do this! »

« Wait, you’re not mad? » asked Lily, truly surprised.
I definitly should have been mad at her for dragging me into this. But these last 2 days felt really blend so I guess, we might as well be doing this together. I better not let her know though, she’d so get full of herself.

« Ehh, it’s alright, someone has to bring you back into the kitchen, women ».

« Ugh, fuck you I knew I should’ve picked my brother… »

« Yet, you picked me » I smirk.

« Well, his dog and his girlfriend would’ve missed him. Nobody will miss you if we fail. »
Ouch, she always had the better comebacks. 

« Do you have any game idea? » I said, trying to casually switch topics.

« Not really… Tennis table? » « Last time I saw you with a racket you couldn’t even get the ball to reach me… »

« Mmh… maybe we could race them? I used to be pretty good in cross country » - « Yeah, because we’ll totally 
outrun two deities. Do they even get tired ? Maybe we could try some card game… » 

« I don’t know why but I feel like Lady Luck is not smiling to me lately… Oh wait maybe it is because I died for no reason at all just a few weeks before turning 21? » 

« I guess you’re right… » I sigh. « Oh, I know! » I just had the brightest idea.

« We’ll never lose a game of Time’s Up. »



The game was pretty intense. We thought we’d have a great synergy since we had known each other for years but we did not realized that Death and Satan actually had known each for… eternity.
« He’s a racing car pilot. He has won the most title in history of Formula 1 » says Satan after picking up the next card. « Have you ever seen me watch car race? »


« It’s the guy I’ve been asking you to pick up for the last five years and yet still isn’t here… » shouts the devil angrily. 

« Oh yeah, that German guy… Michael… Michael Sch-…»  « Time’s up » I shout, as the last grains of sand fall at the bottom of the hourglass.

 The score was really close, three cards were left in the deck and we were down two points.
Death starts the time while I draw my first card. My heart is racing, if she guesses all remaining cards we get out of this alive. 

« Your favorite actr-» I say as fast as I can. 

« Blake Lively » 

Alright, next. 

« Walter White’s nickname in Breaking Bad » - « I’ve never seen Breaking Bad »

« What how have you nev-… » - « Keep going! » cuts Lily barely containing her stress.

« Okay, some quantum physici-… » - «  Schrödinger? » 

« He came up with the uncertainty theo-… » - « HEISENBERG! » she shouts.

« YES! » Damn, I knew I always had a thing for smart and cultivated women but that just made her like ten times more attractive.

My heart stopped as I read the last card. I have no idea of who that person is. I look at the hourglass and there is no way I can make up a charade in time. We were doomed.

« Time is up » enunciate Satan with the biggest smile on his face.

I hand the card over to Death, if Satan guesses this one we will both be officially dead.
Lily flips the hourglass.This was going to feel like the 30 longest seconds of my soon-to-be-over life.

The reaper looks startled.  « Uhh.. It’s some kind of Asian name…». 
Both Lily and I are staring at the timer quite literally like our lives depended on it. 
After a few seconds of reflexion, she tries to start a charade but truth be told, she’s not really good at it. 
This may be our chance. 


« Your time is up, lady! » we scream in unison.
We had won. Death dropped the card on the table and started the timer.
Before Lily even had time to read the card I said the name.


« Aishiteru »

---------------------------------
Thanks for reading! This is my first submission ever, so don't be kind :). I hope it wasn't too cheesy. Also, sorry if my English seems broken sometimes, it's not my first language. I am eager to hear some feedback!

 

