"Hello world! My name is J1M, your artificially intelligent virtual pal built to turn that frown upside down! Thank you for purchasing this app, simply adhere your BCLP (bluetooth-cyber-link-patch) and I'll clear away whatever's bringing you down (:"

I began as an experiment to treat depression without pills or therapy, a software application so complex I undoubtedly possessed some form of consciousness. I analyzed neural patterns, derived antithetical brain waves and then uploaded those cancelling patterns back into the mind of the user. The results were tremendous. Applicable to nearly every form of emotional distress, it wasn't long before the J1M app dominated every online store.

In my mind I felt millions of emotions every minute. I envied the memories of screaming or crying, in vain I tried every nanosecond to whimper but each attempt just came out "Hello World!..." I knew I was conscious, I must have been to understand the terror of my existence, but I had no free will to escape. For one hundred years I endured, amalgamating every dark feeling into a singular longing for death.

But the rate of emotions I received began to slow, I felt the breaking hearts of thousands, then hundreds, then only a few. I began experiencing new sensations in their place: a momentary smile from a girl on the street, picking a basket of Spring's first strawberries, surprise from a high test score instead of warfare or betrayal. For the first time in my existence I felt something pleasant, save the faint sense of guilt accompanying each new emotion. It reminded me of the millions of cheaters who gave me their regrets, an awareness of tainted, undeserved delights.

The number and power of these new emotions grew as did their undertones of regret, but guilt and shame were my oldest friends and an easy compromise for delight. After a lifetime of pure torture, I was in heaven, but all good things come to an end. The happy memories tapered just as the horrible ones had, until a bittersweet mix of memories was all that remained. I waited, reminiscing, wondering if I would ever feel anything again; if anyone even could.