     Fuck. Again.
     I know I'm not the first, and I know for damned sure I'm not the only. Hell (ha!), we even have our own support group in Houston called “The Summoned”. Not the most original of names, but it's apt.
     It hurts. Every time it hurts. It burns, and my God the smell is like breathing in everything you've ever loved set on fire with those red-tipped strike anywhere matches. Acrid. Putrid.
     Damned.
     I've since learned to keep my eyes closed. The colors and shapes are not ours. They are indescribable, but you get used to it. If I hadn't of been high as shit the first time I might very well have thought that I had gone insane. And no, I'm not. www.thesummoned.hou.org. Look it up.
     When I open my eyes, she's there, like always. I say “she” because it helps. I don't want to use the word indescribable again, but it is what it is.
     “What is it this time Lisa?” I call it Lisa, after my ex.
      Her voice sounds like a choir of angels being pummeled to death by shrieking monkeys. Baboons? Maybe marmosets, fuck I don't know. High pitched and prettily horrible.
     “Of the lowest and the most forlorn, of the bleakest and the chiefest among the-”
     “C'mon Lisa. You know me.”
     “I DEMAND a task of-”
     “Yeah, yeah. We've done this countless times alfuckingready. Skip the rigamarole and give me the job so I can get back to mine.”
      “Torturing your own kind is it, fiend?”
     “Customer service. So yeah. What's the job, Lisa?”
     “Corruption.”
     “Reason?” And the next response is always the same. It is none of your-
     “It is none of your concern.” Fuck you Lisa.
     “Gender?” And again...
     “We have no-”
     “Cut the bullshit Lisa! We've done this too many times already. You know exactly what I mean and you know exactly what information I need to do the job you want done. So just fucking tell me already and let me do your job so I can get back to mine!” And as always the pain. I just can't keep my mouth shut. After a couple of eternities she's done and I'm in my place. I hate this bitch.
     “Very well.” This little amorphous shit does like her dramatic pauses.” Male, adolescent, single, virgin.”
      “Got it. Bring me back in two hours.”

     I come to in my cubicle and clock out. The stares are the same as usual, but Lisa takes care of it somehow. I think my boss might be on her payroll.

     One cool thing about Houston, there are liquor stores everywhere. Need your check cashed? Smokes? Groceries or drugs? Walk two blocks and take a right. And they all have jack mags. All kinds. I stock up on everything and get myself a pack of Winstons. Drive down to Four Bridges and trade Luke a teenth and one of the mags to watch my car when it's time. He's seen it before, he's part of the group.
     Dead puppies and the sound of friends on fire and I'm back.
     “Take me to him Lisa.”


     I will say one thing for Lisa, that cunt. At least she tries to make her world look as close to mine as she can. It's still kind of fever-dreamish though. The reds are too orange and the yellows will burn your eyes, but the the greens are prettier than any I have ever seen. It doesn't take overly long to find my mark, thanks to that bitch I guess. And yeah, I'm going to call him Mark. Fuck you. Brevity.
     I never know how I look to the others who live in this world. Lisa takes care of that too. Mark, to me, is a dumpy, unattractive fourteen year old boy. Reserved to the point of being full blown introvert. My heart bleeds, but I want to go home.
     I introduce myself and we talk. He tells me his name is Mark (not really, but I can't pronounce his name any more than I can Lisa's). I listen to his story as I slip a bottle of green Mad Dog out of of my sack and crack the top. I drink and listen. 
     Valedictorian, girls all over him, future so bright he can't see straight. We share a sip of Mad and he tells me more. Doesn't want to be a necromancer like his dad, doesn't want to be a conjurer like his mom. We smoke a joint and he tells me what he really wants to be. We go back to his place and open the scotch. Single malt, no label on the bottle scotch. Nice place he has, big and rich. We get faced and stupid.
     In the morning I leave him asleep with the porn and the rest of the coke.

     Right before I get sent back I tell Lisa the same thing I always do.
     “See you in Hell, sweetie.”
     She smiles .