"I know, I know, I know" i said, somewhat defeated. 
"Look, I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm just stating that, well, it's sounds strange and I have no alternative but to offer you anti physcotic meds for this" explained Dr. Fiona. " You have some terrible delusions that are putting you in danger and I can't let you go untreated" she said.
She reached down an tore of a script. "Here, be sure to take these as instructed and come back in a months time for a check up."
"Yeah, alright I'll do as you say" I mumbled. 

Last year if you had told me that I was going to be able to teleport I would have sent you to Dr. Fiona But alas, I teleport. 
                               People always imainge it to an amazing ability to think of a place and and be there in an instant. It would be. If I had control. 
Fate is strange, also a bitch. I have no control over where I end up but where I do go there's always someone in trouble. Just once I'd love to land on a nice warm beach with no-one around me for miles. One time, get this, I landed right in a fucking circus, a guy had his head I a lions mouth and only for the fact I pieced it together that wherever i went people where in danger was he would have ended up as a tasty snack. 
 
4 taps, that's all it takes. 4 taps and I'm anywhere in the world in an instant with no idea where I'll end up. 9 months I kept this to myself as I thought no-one would belive me, hell sometimes I don't believe it myself. That's why I had to go see a shrink, she's nice bit keeps dismissing me as someone who is really sick. Maybe I am. Maybe it is all in my head. It feels real. Cogito ergo sum?

"Paul!" A voice loudly spoke 
"Sorry doc, I drifted of there, I got lost in thought" I said. 
"You do realise that teleporting is impossible and your showing strong signs of schizophrenia and it's awful to see you suffer."
"You don't belive me"
"I belive that you believe"
"That's another way of saying no"
"Please jusy take your meds and come back to me, you'll get better , I promise."

I tapped my finger 4 times. 

I wish I had seen her face. 
