The material of the bed was coarse, minutely irritating as I laid my back upon it. The sterile white lights upon the ceiling caused a momentary pressure on my eyes before the shadow of a man in a white coat interposed himself.

"Arms at your sides, if you please." the man spoke, the familiar forced kindness of the doctor reaching down, even as I already went through the all too familiar process.

Cold leather straps were tightened around my wrists and my upper arms, a match to my already bound lower body. I breathed a long, slow draught of air in an attempt to remain calm. 

The binds were for my own safety, of course. It was not uncommon for a human body to react physically to the Connection, a response akin to a seizure or violent spasm. No negative side-effects had ever persisted in the long term. However, no one had ever gone through the experience more than once.

This was the eleventh for me.

Ten attempts. Ten failures. Ten times the droid had become erratic and safety locks had forced it to self-destruct. I could still feel the pressure in my mind, the awful stabs of pointed pain as the droid's presence invaded my own.

The doctors had been adamant that this time would be different. Cutting edge technology. Less invasive. Apparently an updated program that would attempt to ease its way in, learn its host's patterns and mold itself, instead of the previous standard of assimilation.

The world shrank as the bed was rolled into the circular tube of the monitoring machine. A voice came quietly from some unseen speaker in the curved, unbroken walls of the tube.

"Alright Max, we are going to activate the your Neuron Chip now. Just stay as calm as you can. Deep breaths for me."

I felt myself inhale before really considering the action, an almost involuntary response as the buzzing fear grew steadily, absorbing my focus.

There was a soft click as the Neuron Chip embedded and attached to the base of the brain stem was activated. And then it began.

A razor thin stream of consciousness began to steadily trickle in, ice-cold and unfeeling. A hiss escaped my teeth as I gritted hard against every instinct in my body, screaming at me to run, to break contact.

The pressure shifted. The stream seemed to adjust, diverting itself into a different corner and slow its speed. And the needle-pointed pain lessened in tandem.

The fear dropped away like a boulder off a cliff, replaced almost entirely with an elated fascination. The droid's presence flowed around my own like water: soft, cool, refreshing almost. It passed around my mind, pressing gently for gaps and pathways through, then pouring into what crevices it could.

Time seemed nonexistent for those moments, stretching long and happening instantly at the same time. And then a voice spoke within my brain, as cool and comforting as the presence now resting in my mind.

*Greetings, MAX-10.*