This is my first time posting. I didn't follow the prompt exactly, but here it goes:

I’m young. I just turned 16. My friends, they’re all getting their first cars and figuring out where they want to go to college. Not me. I have… other plans.

You see, I’m dying.

Now, I know what you’re thinking. “Aw, you poor thing. I’d hate to be that unlucky.”

And it’s true, it is unfortunate. Genetic therapy, advances in medicine, improved diets... these have all made my situation a rare thing. Rare, but not nonexistent.

Nonexistent. Dead. Gone.

That’s what I’ll be, while my friends, my family, and everyone I love will continue to live without me. At least, that’s what I was told… I was told I was dying, with no hope of salvation. That it’d take a miracle to save me. Not many believe in salvation or miracles, now.

I know better. I know salvation is possible. And miracles? They’re real.

You see, I’ve been sick for a long, long time. As such, I’ve spent more time in virtual reality than the “real” world. It’s a good thing, virtual reality is. That we can simulate all aspects of life, all it has to offer, in a machine… it’s a miracle. I mean it, really.

After all, what else would you call technology that allows me—me, with my broken body—to walk through Times Square alongside my family, to feel the crowd press against me, to hear people yell and cars honk, and to welcome the cool relief of a cloud passing over the sun.

You see, I’ve seen some… strange sights in the virtual world. Things that were not mere simulations of reality. Things of another reality.

You may know them as “ghosts in the machine.”

I remember my first encounter with a ghost. We were in Paris.

Well, I say we, but I was home in bed, too sick to travel, and my family was in Paris. I, as usual, joined them via virtual reality. Now, back to the story:

So, we’re walking along the streets of Paris when I realize I’m being followed by a stray. I tell my brother, Daniel, but he says me there’s nothing there. Just like that, the cat was gone.

I’ve since seen other ghosts, following me, watching me. I didn’t know what they were, at the time. I’d just assumed they were mere glitches.

Then, one time, I saw the cat again. And this time, time she’d left me a message.

“I know your plight.”

It was then that I realized they were much more than glitches. And, after doing some research, I discovered an interesting theory… the ghosts, the theory said, were people. People who, for whatever reason, had left the world of the corporeal behind for the virtual.

And the evidence?

It was an article on a young man who’d died while working on technology to digitize human consciousness. Family members claimed he still contacted them, in virtual reality. Most brushed it off as a coping mechanism.

Not me. I’d met these ghosts. I knew it to be true the moment I read it.

When the doctor told me my time was running out, I finally decided to reach out to the ghosts. To my shock and everlasting gratitude, I actually got an answer. The ghosts had seen how I used virtual reality to make myself a life when my body said I should have none.

They said I could join them, if I wished. I couldn’t believe it.

Not just anyone can be a ghost in the machine, though. There are requirements. To be a ghost is to have a lot of power—the power to disappear in mountains of data where no one could ever find you, the power to create for yourself a paradise, the power to be whoever you want to be, whenever you want… the power to subvert death itself.

Somehow, they’ve decided I can be trusted with the secrets to this power. Soon, I, too, will be a ghost in the machine.

As great as that may sound to you, I say this with great sadness. I really, really wish I could just live a regular “real” life. I’m sorry to leave the corporeal world. I wish I could live my life your domain, I do.

But I can’t.

So, today I write to you for the last time as a living, breathing human. I hope you all will be kind enough to meet me in my domain. I’ll always be waiting, listening. All you have to do is seek me out.

- leftamark

p.s. Daniel and Emmy, I know you both read my posts. I expect you to fill Mom and Dad in. Thanks, as always, your brother, Mark.