"Uh... Hi?" A puzzled farmer said as a legion of soldiers clad in power armor awkwardly stood around in an open field. They were all armed to the teeth and trained from birth to liberate the cradle of humanity. They'd expected heavy resistance and to have at least half their men wiped out before they landed. Instead, they had no issues and landed smoothly.

"Hello. We're here to purge the xenos and liberate Earth." The other man said as the farmer chewed on a piece of wheat. The farmer rubbed his chin contemplatively before asking the billion dollar question. 

"Uh, who exactly are you?" He asked, a rather logical question given the circumstances. 

"We are the United Earth Liberation force. We left 3 centuries ago and we're here to save you from the invading xenos." The man stated, his voice heavily distorted by the static of his speaker. 

"About damn time!" The farmer snapped with a toothy grin. "But, why are you here instead of Mexico?" He asked. 

"Is that where the Xenos are?" The soldier asked. 

"Course!" The farmer exclaimed. "Where else would you find an illegal alien?" He asked as the entire platoon facepalmed. 

"No, not those aliens. The other ones." The farmer rubbed his chin before snapping his fingers.

"Right, right. Sorry. The other ones are up north. Frozen dump called Canada." The farmer said. "Stupid syrup slurping-"

"No! Not those aliens!"

"Look mister, you're gonna need t'be more specific, cause, uh, I'm lost."

"I mean the ones from space! The ones that invaded in 2030!" The soldier shouted indignantly. The farmer rubbed his chin, deep in thought before snapping his fingers. "Right, right. You must be meaning them spacebacks!" He exclaimed.

"Yes! We're here to kill spacebacks! So where are they!?" 

"Canada and Mexico."

"AAAAAAAAARGH!" The exchange went on back and forth for nearly an hour before the entire platoon raised their hands and walked away, leaving the farmer to go back to his work. Eventually, the squad marched over to a nearby town bustling with activity. None of the men were accustomed to seeing smiles, nor were they accustomed to anything better than tubes of paste for nutrients. Upon seeing a restaurant serving hotdogs and burgers, some men were tempted to remove their helmets and start eating, the aromas enticing to the point of madness. The leader of the squad walked over to the sheriff's office and awkwardly waited by the front desk where a grizzled old man was sleeping.

Reaching forward, the armored giant dinged the bell, waking the small county sheriff up. He logically screamed and took out his shotgun while spouting about obscenities. A round of buckshot deflected off the head soldier's power armor as the sheriff emptied his magazine. Eventually, the sheriff ran out of ammo and calmed down long enough for a chat with the commander of the troops. 

"Son, you're telling me you're descended from the guys who flew out into the stars, and you're here to save us from the Xenos that came a while back?"

"Yes. I apologize we took so long and that we had to abandon Earth. We intend to regain our honor by liberating everyone."

"Great. So why aren't you in Canada or Mexico?"

"SON OF A-"

"Sir, uh, there seems to be a mild issue." One of the soldiers said as a helicopter flew in over the horizon, its blades piercing the skies as it landed outside the small town. The doors opened to display a mousy looking man in a suit clutching a clipboard. He looked more like an investment banker than a government operative, but the soldiers knew that looks could be deceiving.

"Hey, are you the men who came in from space?" The man asked. 

"Yes. We are the-"

"Yes, yes. Earth liberation force, here to purge the xenos, and crap." The man said dismissively before clearing his throat. "Look, this uh, might be a shocker for you but... Well, the Xenos aren't really xenos." 

"Excuse me?"

"Yeah, turns out, during the Dark ages, stuff happened and a bunch of intellectuals, skilled artisans, and the wealthy fled earth. Dregs of society were left, waged war on the aliens, lost, civilization collapsed, aliens destroyed everything, then they got wiped out by the Black Plague." The man said rather calmly. 

"What are you talking abo-"

"Survivors bred, made us, we rebuilt civilization. Fast forward few hundred years and the chunk of humanity that left returned intending to retake Earth from the xenos. Our ancestors thought they were a hostile advanced alien force invading, and, well, pulled the same thing." The government operative continued, silencing every soldier in the area. The only sources of noise were their portable battery packs softly whirring in the tranquil town.

"So... Are you by chance at war with these people?" The soldier asked expectantly. 

"Not really. We gave them Mexico and Canada. After that, we've been trucking along just fine."

"Seriously?" The soldier asked in disbelief.

He hoped that the man in front of him was lying. That humanity was extinct, and the xenos had copied his appearance to deceive them. Sadly, the architects of his power armor predicted this, and installed biological scanners and lie detectors in the armor. He was a human telling the truth.

"I'm really sorry you had to find out this way." The man said while scratching his neck, looking over at the rest of the soldiers. "Look, let me buy you guys some beers, and we'll talk over how to reintegrate you all into Earth again." He offered as the soldier looked at his face, scanning him for any signs of hostility. To his pleasure or dismay, there was nothing of the sort. 

"You're not angry we abandoned you and left you to die in the face of alien invaders?" He asked, hoping to at least get some action. Instead, the man let out a soft chuckle before grabbing the soldier's arm with brotherly affection.

"No. In fact, we're incredibly thankful for you guys." He said with a cheery voice. "When you left, you had the courtesy of taking ALL the politicians, CIA spooks, and international arms dealers. First few years were bad, but we got world peace within the decade." He said before beckoning towards them. "Let's just get some beers and talk tomorrow."

"40 years of training down the damn toilet." The soldier complained, following the mousy man into the local pub and drinking his sorrows away with the rest of his men. 