Tommy said, "what the fuck?"-- And That's where I screwed up.

Let me take you back 24 hours ago.

You see in the human world, when people die they end up as ghosts. Now ghosts, are the coolest things to be! You can mess around with people, explore places you have never been before, and even see things you never seen before. Anyhow, so I recently found out from a buddy that the humans, were finally going to mars. I, the curious yet clumsy ghost decides to follow up with their mission. In the spaceship, I find some of my old friends and a bunch of randoms on the ship. There was billy tom, jack tomminger, and Harold. Ugh, Harold. Anyhow, here's the part where it gets interesting. The space crew consists of 8 members- Tommy the captain, Hilfreda the pilot and Kenton the mop boy. The rest of the crew weren't as important. Here's the part where it gets interesting (x2), so Kenton here decides to play some music and he puts on some Chance the Rapper. Now that music, bothered Hilfreda and when Hilfreda is bothered, Tommy is bothered. When the captain is bothered, chaos. All I see is the whole crew screaming, yelling or humming. It was absolute mayhem. Me, for the clumsy fool I am, decides to lay back on one of the chairs. That's when the captain, decides to sit on it. FHHLOOMP down goes Tommy and  suddenly mysteriously, Tommy goes "is there someone near me?" And the crew just stands there dumbfounded. I float there for second when all of a sudden, the ship hits an asteroid. (Helfrida was just standing there fighting people smh.) The asteroid rips open a hole in their ship but luckily the team had helmets on. So there we were, grabbing our ghost popcorn while 8 space people were clinging on to their lives. Me being the clumsy fool with empathy decides to help out the space crew. And suddenly, they saw me. 

Tommy said from my reencounter, "what the fuck?" And suddenly one by one, the space crew turned around to see something even a ghost would even fear.

I wake up from a coma beside a friend, (yes ghosts get comas, just shorter.) I asked him what happened.

He goes on to tell me that there was someone who kicked our ass. Who was the first one to find the ship. He tells me he gets nightmares just from listening about him after his encounter. I never did see that person. But for all I know, some said he was TheLegend27.

