"Any schmuck can go about hitler hunting in this day and age. By g-d in our day we made an art of it! Kids these days will just beat him to death with a brick in an alley, really original. I was the champion hitler hunter for thirty seven years in a row, let me tell you about my last title defense. 
	The international, pan-temporal commionary board of hitler hunting had just awarded 90 points to my opponent, granted it may have been pretty difficult to sabotage the mustard gas reserves in die fuhrers trench during the first world war, and from a professional standpoint smearing pig shit on the inside of his punctured gasmask was a nice artistic touch, but feh. It was the work of an amateur, a journeyman hitler hunter at best. This was the big leagues kiddo and that bush league nonsense just wouldnt fly. 
	Ya see with age comes expereince, and in my expereince hitler hunting, patience is a virtue. Kids these days have no patience, they zoom around with their hyperspace schooners like they own the insterstellar shipping lanes! Little shits! 
	The fuck was I talkin bout? Yeah thats right. Last years finals match. Seven weeks! It took me seven weeks. I had been playing this sport for thirty nine years kiddo, I knew his schedule like the back of my hand and it took me seven weeks to get things just right. It took me four weeks just to dig the hole! 
	I knew that on Christmas morning Hitler was going to be making an address from the Eagles nest to his beloved Hitlerjugend from a cliffside balcony overlooking the valley below. Every night I would sneak into the compound, remove the tiles where I knew hitlers chair was gonna be and I could only take a few shovelfulls of dirt before I had to leave. I didnt want any of those G-dammned dogs tearing me up and those kraut guards wouldnt have wanted to find me up in die fuhrers summer home. 
	It took me two weeks to engineer the spring on the trigger mechanism just right into the bottom of hitlers chair, and I had to take the clock springs from the Dresden church just to find a spring big enough for my needs in wartime germany. I had dug the hole in such a way that it lay directly beneath where I knew old Adolph was going to sit after he delivered his speech.
	And woudnt you know it some “kind patriot of the motherland” had donated to the fuhrer a genuine refurbished Merovingian Dynastic throne . Little did they know I donated it and that there was a trick hinge in the bottom of the seat. Put a pin in that and we'll circle back around to it later. 
	The clock spring was placed in the hole and then wound in such a way that when It was triggered, it would launch an adolescent fir tree that I had cut down out from the whole somewhere in the neighborhood of fourteen hundred- fourteen fifty- feet per second. I had a fuckin time testing that out let met tell you. I never fucked around with so many models and figures in my life, but I hadda make sure this was good.
	The big day comes and all those little nazi tykes were at the bottom of the cliffside looking up at the fuhrer. They saw him up there spoutin his usual anti-semitic shit. Their apple cheeked perfect little aryan faces with their perfect little aryan blue eyes, lookin up; lookin up. Fuck, whats the word? Enraptured! Enraptured. They was looking up enraptured at big daddy Adolph and he's deliverin a real barnstormer of a speech, mustache flyin' about and his perfect little hair thrown out of place. He finishes it up and then takes a big sip of water, looking satisfied and then he turns around and sits on his chair. 
	The trapdoor on the chair seat falls through and theres a full five seconds of his impotent furious confusion as he  tries to extricate himself off the seat. His ass hanging below his feet and his little aryan legs flappin about and then THWOOM! The tree is launched and it goes directly into his ass, up through his digestive tract and out of his mouth then, still concious from the shock as he is impaled and simultaneusly shot through the air. He did three complete front flips, I swear the god he had the most hilarious look on; well I wouldnt really call it a face anymore,  until he landed, right side up ten feet from the topbrass little hitlerjugend. They made eyecontact, the remains of his bowels gave in and then he shit blood and bark and died ran through like christmas goose. He traveled seven hundred lateral feet and three hundred and fifty feet vertically, I took home the gold that year for the hitler hutning international, pan-temporal games. Damn skippy I did. I tells ya, Experience matters in this game. "

                      - from the dictated memoirs of Joshua S. Liebowitz on his last international pan-temporal Hitler hunting Victory.