Sarah had an apple lodged in her mouth. That was my personal touch. Everything else—the swollen cheeks, the blackened eyes, the missing finger—that was protocol. She sat bound to a small wooden chair, a camera in her face and lightbulb above her head.

“Should’ve stuck with your bodyguards,” I told Sarah. 

Girls her age were easy to take. They felt themselves invincible and thought their protection more of a hassle than a privilege. All it took for her was a month-long conversation pretending to be the quarterback of a local high school. I had convinced her to sneak out at night to gaze at the stars with me.

I chuckled. Stars. How cliché. But these rich, pompous types always had a soft spot for the cliché. Then again, so did I. Hence, the apple in the mouth.

“He won’t come,” she spluttered, half-crying still. “He abandoned by mom with me almost a decade ago! The selfish bastard doesn't care about anyone but himself. So let me go, please.”

I glanced at the camera’s blinking red light and then my watch. Mr. Ellingsworth had fifteen more minutes before he’d force me to take another one of his daughter’s fingers. I wondered who would show up at the door, what race or gender that person would be. Perhaps Mr. Ellingsworth would now be Mrs. Ellingsworth.

“He’s never given a shit about me,” Sarah cried. “Why would he now?”

I shrugged. “Not my job to speculate. But I’ve been doing this a long time now and trust me, girl, they always come.”

“My dad only cared about his company. That’s it! You won’t find him like this.”

“We’ll see.” After all, we still had nine fingers and ten toes to go through. 

I took a moment to appreciate the design of the human body, so many appendages to be taken, so many bargaining chips given to the bounty hunters. Some preferred to take the eyes, the nose, the essential appendages, but not me. I had a soft spot for these kids. Usually, I’d only get through a single finger before their parents revealed themselves from hiding.

“My mom has money,” Sarah pleaded. “If it’s money you want, she has it.”

I shook my head. “This isn’t about money,” I told her. “It’s about justice. The upholding of our most sacred pillar of society.”

Her father still had 80 years of jail-time to get through. He had only made it three days before killing himself so he could be reincarnated a free man.

The rich always did that. They loved their little loopholes. With the advent of reincarnation, they had finally found the ultimate loophole. Law closing in? Enemies becoming too numerous? A single bullet to the head will erase all that, give you a new identity and a clean slate. Just stash a secret reincarnation treasure trove somewhere and you’re good to go.

“This is inhuman,” she cried.

“Of course it is.” But how else do you prove that the CEO of a Fortune 100 who had been embezzling money for years had reincarnated as an orphaned child in India? No, there was no way to track them down. All we could do was have them come to us.

“Time’s up,” I told her, holding my watch up to my face. 

Her eyes went wide and she kicked in her chair, screaming. “Daddy! Help! Dad!”

I reached for the garden shears beside me. Just as my fingers brush them, a knock resounded from the wooden door.

“It’s Mr. Ellingsworth,” a shaky and stuttered voice called out. “Please let my daughter go.”

---

---

/r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly



