"Come on, you're overthinking it" insisted Geoff, my housemate. "Maybe it reminded him of something else that was funny, or.. funny but personal..."

He had resisted for almost a half hour at this point. I stopped looking pointedly at him and sigh, pointedly.
"Let me try set the scene one final time." I close my eyes and breathe, playing up my frustration. "Normal day, normal morning. Clock in, coffee in, code out. Repeat steps two and three. It was still early, second cup still warm. He comes in pretty casually, as he does. 'Do you still have that manual?' he asks after producing a courtesy sound. All perfectly human in execution. 'Yeah, it should be..." I reach down and bustle in the drawers, producing the Advanced Guide to A.I Systems I had received upon request months ago.
He starts flipping through it right at my desk without comment. After a minute or two pass I resume working, or try to, but I'm getting pretty bad performance anxiety at this point.
To break the tension I turned to humor, saying 'Give it to me straight doc, how long until a robot can take over my job here?'

And he looks at me and, well, sort of almost-laughs. Like a single "ha", followed by itself, but notably discrete. But there's more to it than the not-laugh. He moves his torso identically with each pass. And his eyes trace the same path across me and back to the book pages.
With. Each. Not-laugh. Ha.. Ha.. Ha.. Ha.. Ha..
I imitate the gesture for Geoff, charading a book and growing slightly louder.

"Okay okay stop doing it" he pleads.

"So anyway after a handful of times I started counting, and counted fourteen fucking 'Ha..'s in a row, after which he resumed reading the manual for about five minutes, says 'This is a good manual' and passes it back to me.

'Yeah' I replied hollowly, already suspecting what I now fully believe.
My eccentric multi-millionare boss is an android."

He mulled it over, then said quietly "Robot, Android, Man-droid. As long as they pay taxes what does it matter?"

What a fucking Geoff thing to say.