To the OP:
You'll probably never see this, but I'm going through a really hard time right now and writing this really was good for me. Thank you very much, and if you DO read it, I hope you enjoy.


DO I even know who that is?
In a way I knew it would be me, must be me, but the sight is shocking. I suppose this is just a reflection. Our eyes meet, there is a moment of searching, of deep pleading sadness I'd seen reflected a thousand times, and I began to take myself in. Bad posture, I guess I always knew that. Bearded with short hair, skinny. This is me right before I killed myself. I was clothed in jeans and a shirt, both too big for me, with my usual dirty white sneakers covering my feet. I knew beneath those shoes were the constantly throbbing in-grown toenails that would throb no more. I knew beneath my shirt were exposed ribs, and I knew there were cracked, rotted teeth behind those lips that would not, could not ever smile.
I was surprised to find myself handsome. Despite the decaying of my body that I knew too personally, there still were visible features. I had a chin line, green eyes. I looked like my Dad. My Dad. He could have even been here before me. Really it could have been anyone. I was so destructive.
But no, it's me, and I don't understand why. Hurt myself? I hadn't seen it that way. My body hurt. I couldn't sleep. The anxiety of addiction and having no future...no, I was ending the hurt. This was a favor to myself. What was I doing here, anyways? Surely I wasn't going to heaven. This was bona-fide, sui-cide. Revenge on God. I never asked for his mortal life, and I ended it on my terms.
And yet, I kept looking back at myself with those sad, searching eyes, as I had done so often before. I used to think my soul was in my eyes, and would stare as deeply as possible into them trying to identify it, begging the deeper parts of myself to slay my destructive addictions,to reveal the secrets to life or death. Instead, all I saw was anger. I was so angry. And my soul was angry. But now it stared back at me, finally identified, and the anger had vanished.
I stopped and considered the situation. I looked away from myself, for the first time. Nothing, no one was around. Could I just stay here? An eternity with myself was enough demons to fill out this hell. It had taken a lot to pull that trigger, and now I hesitated at taking the next step. This was supposed to be the end of any further consequence, and an escape from myself. But now to leave this place, it appeared I must finally face myself.
God is a sucker for irony, I suppose.
"What do I even do?" I finally spoke, looking up at myself again.
"All you have to do is forgive yourself."
I looked away, again considering. I knew that didn't mean formal apologies. That meant the bitterness, the hate, the anger that pulled that trigger. It meant everything I hated about myself always. Forgiven?
"Impossible." I finally said. And I gave myself no reply, again catching those searching eyes.
I grew frustrated. I shouted "You shouldn't even be here! It was us who hurt everyone else! WE are the evil and we destroyed everyone who ever loved us!"
Silence again as I stared back at myself. I was ready to scream again when I saw my reflected self transform into a little boy with a Barney shirt and a bowl cut. This was me at 3-4 years old. I watched in confusion as the boy turned his head and looked up, grabbing a hand I could not see.
"Mommy," the boy said, "will you marry me?"
I leaned in, waiting for the reply. How did I remember this? I listened but did not hear, and when I could not hear it I realized how desperately I wanted to hear that voice. How much I needed to hear it, one last time. But it was not there. Mother was gone.
The boy looked down, looking disappointed but not upset. "I'll always love you, too, Mommy." he said.
The memories changed and the boy grew older, and with each passing memory, every passing voice I couldn't hear, the pain became unbearable. I screamed again.
"Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!"

I broke down crying on the all-white floor. I rocked back and forth, barely getting out the words over and over, "How could I do this to myself?" Finally I looked up at myself for a third time, and said "I could never forgive myself for ending my life this way. I'm sorry if we have to go to hell." The reflection never broke gaze, but our eyes no longer searched each other. I saw myself smile, just a little.

And I woke up.

I slowly blinked my eyes, trying to adjust to the darkness. I felt incredible fatigue, but couldn't help but wonder what had just happened. It must have been a dream I told myself as I closed my eyes again for sleep. The last thing I noticed before drifting off was the slight smoky smell of gunpowder. I love that smell I thought, and I fell asleep.