"Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 2150 time travelers awards!"

The booming voice washed over the crowd that was packed with all of the biggest celebrity, from George Clooney's 5th clone, to the never aging Brad Pitt. It was an event no one would miss.  Lights filled the arena as the clapping and cheering had yet to die down.

"As you all know every year we have a competition to see who can kill Hitler in the most creative and imaginative ways possible.  Each year has gotten better than the last who can forget the winner a few years back who actually killed Hitler with coffee cup and a pineapple!"

Thunderous applause once again fills every inch of the arena, no one would ever forget that one anytime soon.

The camera pans over the audience before setting in on the her.  She was on the stage her hands covered in sweat as she gripped the microphone.  Miley Cyrus had been hosting these award ceremonies for going on 20 years.  She was the cloned daughter of the original and the apple had not fallen far from the tree. She stood there tall her dress made from scraps of garbage.  She was the fashion expert of her time and as thus just about every woman there wore something similar.

"As you all know it is customary for the last year's winner to come up on stage and present the new winner with the award, and boy was his a doozy!" Her bright pink green and purple hair bounced around as she walked around the stage.  A used condom splattered to the ground in her wake.

"Ladies, gentlemen, and of course the Kree, i present to you last year's winner!"

The arena erupted with applause as a smallish man with glasses confidently strolled up on the stage.  He grabbed the microphone from her hands and gave a wave to the crowd.  This only served to fuel their ecstatic applause.  He stood there for a few moments soaking in the good vibes before speaking.

"I know what you all are thinking.  How did I do it? How was I able to kill Hitler in the fashion I had and I will tell you!" 

He stopped, letting the crowd eagerly soak up his words before continuing,"Hitler in the world I was assigned to was far more tricky than I had thought.  For me to pull off my great plan I had to be patient and watch his every move.  Lucky for me he is if anything no matter the universe he is in, a very routine oriented man."

A few tears of joy could be seen coming down a few of the audience members faces.  He was a hero now after all.

"They said it couldn't be done! They said I was mad for what I had planned.  Now whose mad!"

Once again the arena erupted with cheering and applause.  Miley Cyrus stood off to the side tears streaming down her face gently falling upon the soup cans that barely covered her breasts.  

"So when that bastard went to the bathroom on that faithful day I struck. With my best friend we struck! It was perfect in every sense of the word, years of planning and working together to make it happen."

He stops.  A lone tear slowly streaming down his face as he looks into the crowd, they are hanging onto his every word eager for what they already knew was coming.

"When the John Cena raptor caught sight of Hitler it was over! With a heavy slap he knocked the dictator right off the toilet before suplexing him into the counter!"

His words sent the crowd into a frenzy!

"The poor bastard never stood a chance when the John Cena raptor raised him above his head and took a big chomp out of his back before slamming him down and pinning him to the ground! Of course I did the count down and let me tell you he was out for the count!"  

A standing ovation was what awaited him as he took a bow.  A tux wearing John Cena raptor hybrid went running on to the stage and embraced the man.  The crowd was in a frenzy now as the two stood up there for the world to see.  

"Without this magnificent creature to help me, and the belief each and everyone of you gave me when I went through with it I would not have been able to win last years competition, So it is with great joy I present this years champion."

A lone figure began to walk up to the stage, a hush filled the room as she came up next to the John Cena raptor and last years winner.

"With great joy I present this award to the greatest Hitler killer of 2150, Ms. Mother Teresa super clone!!"

The four armed mutant woman embraced last years winner before taking her award.