"I'm not dead! I swear I'm not on my drugs either, take me seriously we have to get this out!" Dave pounded on the one-way windows again, but received no answer. Since the day he became homeless, he ran out of money for his drugs... But unlike the others, he wasn't dead. He wasn't one of those raging *things* people became when they went off their meds. Why couldn't anyone see that?! He let others a scream as a mechanical arm descended from the ceiling and fastened him into a depression in the wall. He struggled against the electrodes placed on his head and chest but couldn't, even with his new form. From behind the reinforced glass, Special Agent M sighed. Yet another containment breach, but somehow this one hadn't infected any more citizens. Turning away form the frothing, shaking monster that the man had become, he turned to the scientist next to him. "Any signs of brain activity? Do we have any indication that this one is conscious?" Frowning, the bespectacled woman beside him said "It seems that he is, his brainwave activity is closer to that of a normal human than many others. If you authorize me, maybe we could-" A sharp hand motion, and she was cut off. "No. I have my orders, and we don't want want a repeat of last time. 37 dead, more wounded, and the by the time the mutant destabilized it we barely had it concealed from the public. Terminate it." The woman looked around at her colleagues, all of whom looked at the sterile white floor. "Wh-what? But he's still a person, if we administer enough of the compound we could-" The Special Agent laughed. "Lead Researcher Xi, why don't you educate your newest recruit?" With a gulp, he stepped forward. "Amanda, you may be too young to remember, but the rest of us haven't forgotten the last outbreak. It was terrible...our own creation infected so many, leaving so much death. It's all we can do to update our cure, keep the virus under control, but letting even a single mutant survive is asking for new strains to show up." Amanda turned away from watching the arm reposition the electrodes onto the mutants changing and moving internal organs, looking at the people she had once respected. She had become a scientist in The Company to save people, help them, but now they had an opportunity and wasted it. "Light him up, he's starting to go into the next phase!" Shouted the Agent. Before she could do anything, two of the security guards quickly activated the paralysis protocol in her implant. Amanda was still vaguely aware of the mutants screams and spasms as it was electrocuted, the virus attempting to survive even in it's dying throes. "Alright boys, get her outta here. Dr. Xi, If she's not better by tomorrow..." But she couldn't hear anymore, the implant-chip locked doors slamming shut behind her as security dragged her away. She only had one thought-she had to save the next one, even if it killed her. ----------------Sorry about formatting I'm on mobile, also I just picked the names from random things I saw on Reddit today. Also I won't continue it because I don't have time and because it ends here for me.


