Deepview Manor, hidden in the woods and overlooking Deepview Lake itself, was not somewhere most people would venture. The master of the house was Mr. Black, a tall and imposing man, rarely seen but with a reputation suitable for his work.

Micah was aware of this. His mother had told him about Mr. Black, kept tabs, written notes, and told him to go to Deepview Manor if anything should happen to her. Supposedly, the man was his own uncle. But if so, why had they never met? 

Mr. Black, it was said, adopted those in need. One girl was said to have been homeless, and pariah for an ability to never be touched by flames. Of course, the rumors also said that girl followed around a boy who had inherited the Copperbright family's demon-derived pyromancy and was always aflame. Another girl, they said, had been abused by her grandmother for her ability to control water, and so Mr. Black had.... slain the old woman, answered the girl's prayers, and adopted her as a sister of the fireproof girl.

But, Micah worried, what kind of man killed to save? Would his Uncle be cruel? Would the other children be cruel as he was? How could someone with an ability like Micah's be accepted there? True, he wasn't the best behaved teenager in the world, he swore like a sailor, but his bedside manner was flawless right? With mother dead, surely Mr. Black wouldn't turn him down, right? Right?

The door of the manor was large and painted bright red, with a gold wolf's head knocker on it. Cautiously, terrified, Micah knocked it three times. A woman's voice, surprisingly, was what called out to him, "Coming, coming, just a moment please!" 

Micah took his mother's pointed hat off his head and wrung it in his hands fretfully, swearing violently under his breath at himself for being so nervous. He glanced up at the aging manor's white walls, wincing when he saw the shadow of a man in an upper story window. Before he could decide to back out, the door was opened by a shockingly frumpy older woman, her graying hair twisted under a dumpy cap, flour handprints on her apron. Two children- one a boy with short brassy hair and tanned skin tinged gray, the other a tiny little girl who,for a moment, just a moment, Micah could swear had been a mouse at the woman's feet- peeked out from behind the woman.

"Hello, hello! My name is Libby, what's yours dear? Come in, come in, don't stand there fretting boy! How can we help you?" The words came out of the woman's mouth so fast that Micah stared at her in surprise for a moment, before sputtering out an apology and his name. He stepped into the mudroom, taking his boots off politely as he went.

"I, I'm sorry, I was here to see someone. My mother told me to come here if she died, so I did."

Miss Libby clucked her tongue and led him to the kitchen, listening intently. "If you're here to see Master Black, he's upstairs. He can help you, depending on what you need."

Micah hesitated. "Well, I, that is to say I think I need a hom-" he started, but a thud followed by the little mouse girl's wails interrupted him. She sat on the floor of the kitchen, hugging her bleeding knee and wailing while the brown-haired boy stood emotionlessly and awkwardly over her.

"Oh, Serenity, poor baby, did you fall? Celestine, please do something other than standing there," Miss Libby chastised gently. She was wiping her hands on her apron again when Micah stopped her.

"I can help," he offered, pleading at her with his pale green eyes. "Please, allow me."

He crouched over the little mouse girl- Serenity, was that her name?- and lay his hands over her knee. Soft, even lavender light emanated from his hands, and when he pulled them away, her knee was healed. Serenity, thankful as she was, threw her arms around his neck. He patted her awkwardly, freezing when a man's voice spoke up behind him.

"So, you're a healer. Micah, was it?"

He stood hurriedly, clutching his hat again. Two men stood next to Miss Libby now- one clearly a wizard, his staff strapped to his back, the other presumably Mr. Black. Mr. Black had skin the color of charcoal smeared across paper, and thick black hair streaked with white. His eyes, though, were the same sage green as Micah himself had.

Micah touched a curl of strawberry-blonde hair on his own head and said, awkwardly, "Yes. My mother, Magenta Black, she told me to come see you if she passed. She taught me all of her clerical skills. She said we're.... she said you're my uncle, and you'll help me. Can you? Just for a short time, I won't be a damn bother and-"

Mr. Black cut him off gently, putting a hand on his shoulder and squeezing. "Any family is welcome family, Micah. We're all a little bit different here, but I'll try and make sure you feel like you belong. My partner and I are glad to welcome you," he said softly. The wizard behind him smiled warmly.

Micah put his hand over Mr. Black's and nodded weakly. "Thank you, sir. I promise I won't be a burden."

Mr. Black smiled again. "Don't worry. A natural born healer is never a burden. Welcome to the Black family."