"Is something wrong brother?"

The light in her eyes had faded eons ago, and yet there was still that ever distinguishable flicker of the eternal flame burning somewhere deep within the retinas that contained galaxies whenever she spoke.

"I... I just thought this would be more epic."

He on the other hand had not aged at all. He never aged, or felt the passage of time by any conceivable measurement. Death glared at her sister with a mixture of disgust, anger and pity. This was their last moment, this would be his last moment with someone, something, other than the eternal abyss.

"I am sorry brother," her voice was weak, barely reaching Death at all, "I no longer have the capacity to fight with you." The more he looked at Life, the worse he felt about his expectations for this last day of the Universe. He could do naught but lay down beside her in the space between the last stars fizziling out of existance and the beckoning, soothing void.

"We had some good times, didn't we?"

"We did sister."

Another galaxy imploded within her domain, sending forth a trembling cough that shook the very being of Life and almost prompted Death to embrace her. But not yet. It was not time.

It was as if they were both waiting for something to happen. Something that felt so natural, yet the true nature of which escaped them both. 

"Do you remember when we were born, brother?"

It was unlike her to be so melancholic. Her tone had always been that of overwhelming and annoying joy. Oh, how fickle his hatred for her seemed now. He did not remember, yet he felt as if his reassurance would somehow make all of this better.

"Yes"

She chuckled, for the first time in abyss knows how long. 

"Neither do I brother." 

Life let out a deep sigh and Death could feel the coldness of her breath as all around him came to a complete and sudden stop. They both had always existed outside of time in their own way, but this was something different. The very fabric of the Universe came to a standstill. 

Death noticed the absence of light, the panic of impending loneliness rushing over him in a maelstorm of emotions painted in colours he knew soon only he would understand.

He embraced his sister, knowing now that this was it, this was the start of eternity. Life whispered softly to Death in these final moments that lasted for millennia.

"For some reason, I feel you will know what to do with this."

She handed him something small, minute, even to an omnipotent. Yet so heavy, so dense, so all encompassing. Death turned his gaze to meet Life's as a final thank you for their rivalry and for this gift. 

All he found was the empty void and a strange need to sow, not reap.