“I HAVE NOT BEEN TRAINED FOR THIS!” Doctor Walsh screamed as, what seemed like liters of an unknown turquoise substance, cascaded off the operating table and onto the ground. 

A few hours earlier, trauma surgeon Henry Walsh had been enjoying a quiet night in the Emergency Room. The only cases which had presented during his shift had been a minor concussion sustained by a drunken youth who had tried to headbutt his way through a glass door; and a frenzied mother whose child had superglued its entire hand to its left cheek. He had been Googling the search term: “World population IQ drop?” when he heard it. The unmistakable whine of the Intergalactic-Ambulance.

“Oh for the love of-”

The ER doors burst open and a tentacled globule lay on a stretcher being carried by a pair of, what could only be described to be, walking jellyfish. Standing at around 5 foot, their amorphous heads were supported by dozens of tendrils; which they used both as feet to walk, and arms to carry their wounded comrade. Turquoise fluid was dripping onto the floor from the stretcher. The aliens began to twitter anxiously through no mouth that Walsh could see. He sighed and reached for his TRANSLTR, which all doctors in Canada were now required to carry at all times. He turned it on, and the alien’s twittering was translated into a half-discernible form of English.

“The patient sustained a *twwttrr trwwrrtt* to the *twttrrttr trrrrrrr* and-”

Welsh whacked the device onto the nearest desk, and the aliens started with fright.

“Sorry, sorry, I just… this thing keeps acting up… a good hit normally does the trick… Not that you can understand a single word I’m saying right now... NURSE!”

The device beeped back to life and resumed the translation.

“The patient sustained a laser-beam blast to the *word-not-found* during a twwwtttrrrtttt-” The device shut off, and Walsh was overcome with the desire to slam his head into the nearest wall. *Word-Not-Found* meant that there was no human equivalent to the organ that had been damaged. In the meantime, Sister Johnson came running into the emergency room.

“Sister Johnson, please tell the matron that O.R. 5 needs to be prepped for surgery.”

“Would you like me to call an anaesthetist?”

Walsh glanced at a single slimy tendril which had begun to droop off of the edge of the stretcher. “No… No. I think I’m going to wing this one. Also, take my TRANSLTR and try get more history out of these things. Oh and careful of the-”

The noise of Sister Johnson’s shriek and hard fall echoed through the room. 

“... bodily fluid”

Two and a half hours later, Doctor Walsh was screaming at the panting man who had just run into the O.R.

“NOT QUALIFIED I TELL YOU! I WANTED TO BE A SURGEON! A HUMAN SURGEON! NOT SOME FISHMONGER CUTTING UP A GIANT JELLYFISH CREATURE-”

“Doctor Walsh stop operating this instant!” the unknown man bellowed at the frenzied surgeon. “There have been a few… um… *findings*...”

It was half an hour later, and the ambulance had flown away into the night. The body of the alien was being readied for incineration. Doctor Walsh sat opposite the Chief of Staff in the E.R’s waiting room.

“So what you mean to tell me,” Walsh began in the calmest voice he could muster, “is that the patient was dead from the moment he… she… *it*... entered this hospital?”

“Yes… I am terribly sorry doctor, there was a gross misunderstanding. The patient in question was the leader of a prominent area of their planet, and the laser shooting was a successful assassination. Upon further questioning of the aliens who brought him in, they had received information that Earth had the means to… well… resurrect the dead. They brought him here in the hope that we could bring him back to life. He was a much loved leader.”

Doctor Welsh was silent for a few moments before speaking. “These aliens believed we had the medical technology to *bring the dead back to life*?”

“That is correct.”

Doctor Walsh placed his head in his hands. “How… In the name of God did they get this information?”

The Chief of Staff began to chuckle, and Walsh raised his head. 

“I’m sorry Doctor it’s just… *The name of God*... That’s how they thought… The Bible…” The Chief was now beginning to double over with laughter. “An Intergalactic Organisation found the Bible in our planet’s archives, read about Lazarus and they thought… they thought…” Tears were beginning to stream down the man’s cheeks.

Walsh stared, stupefied, at the Chief of Staff before bursting into his own fit of hysterics. Between spasms of laughter he managed to gasp out two syllables.

"I quit." 

r/Xanadu_dreaming