Paddy carefully licked the tip of each finger. He was certainly not going to let the deliciousness that is butter go to waste on account of his sister April's feather-brained idea.

Butter as lubricant! Pfft!

Well, the idea had seemed reasonable at the time. Reasonable, that is, before his ankle was completely smothered in the oily stuff.

“Mmm! Salty. Creamy!” He looked down at his ankle again and frowned. “And oily.” He moaned.

His chest heaved in as he let out a defeated sigh. He pulled out his green plaid lucky handkerchief from his front pocket and he set to work wiping away at the stubborn (yet thoroughly delicious, he reminded himself) substance.

He thought about how the other leprechauns had laughed at him as he carefully rubbed at the remaining layer of butter spread across the skin of his imprisoned ankle.

*“Geebers, Paddy! Leave it to you to confuse a pot of gold for a pot of gold!” April doubled over in laughter pointing at his ankle thinking she was clever.*

*Paddy just stared at her.*

*“What's the matter Paddy? Pot got your tongue, too?” With that the whole village followed suit with April, rolling on the ground with laughter.*

Bah! What do they know anyway?  This morning when his brother, Jemmy, tried to conjure up a double rainbow he ended up in a field of unicorns who's horns were all curiously missing their rainbow gems, with no rainbow!

Fools! The whole lot of them!

Something was amiss around here lately, and Paddy was pretty sure he had finally put his foot on it.

Literally. Not figuratively.

He sighed and stared down at a glob of butter smeared across the pot as it sat on the ground with its offensive and delicate little handle wrapped around his ankle.

Horrible lubricant. Delicious condiment!

He shrugged. Mouth watering, he reached down with his finger, smeared the trail of butter off, closed his eyes, and began to lick the creamy goodness off.

“Pot of gold my foot!”

Grrr! April was really asking for it now!

“Go away April, or the next rainbow I conjure is going to grow a pot right up your...”

“Who's April?”

Paddy abruptly stopped sucking the butter from his finger and carefully squeaked one eyelid open.

He jumped back and nearly tripped over the pot on his leg as both of his eyes popped out in attention at the sight of a strange man with an ever stranger hat standing before him, arms impatiently crossed.

“Not you! That's who!” Paddy squeaked.

Strangehat rolled his eyes and pointed a finger at him. “Where's my pot of gold?”

Paddy pointed his buttery finger down at his leg.

“Not that pot, you fool! You see, every genie is granted a special gift giving gift in honor of their selfless gift giving for his 100th wish giving gift. It's a special gift of the genie's own very special wish gift, times three.” Strangehat squinted his eyes and stared down at him. “Everyone knows that!”

Paddy shook his head in confusion. “No, they most certainly do not.”

Strangehat let out a loud hmmph. “Well, it's true! And you...” he jabbed his finger at Paddy, “... managed to screw it up!”

“The only thing screwed here is your head from that ridiculous hat!” Paddy retorted.

“Jest all you like leprechaun, but rest assured something is clearly wrong!”

Paddy thought about it a moment. He did have to agree that Strangehat was on to something, maybe something even crazier than he, if that was even possible. He thought about his brother's double rainbow and the field of dejected unicorns missing their rainbow gems. Then there was this crazy, no, no, insane genie coming out of a pot of gold when he tried to conjure up a pot of gold. There was clearly something foolish going on around here, there was no doubt about it. But Paddy couldn't quiet put his finger on what, exactly. It was like magic had turned daft!

“It comes down to this; I am owed a wish, times three of course. But thanks to your butter... whatever that was, I now owe you a wish, times three in a row!” Strangehat crept his way closer to Paddy until he was mere inches away. “Now where's my pot of gold?!”

Paddy's head was starting to spin. He stamped his foot on the ground. “No genie, where's my pot of gold. It's plain you've gotten yours already.” Paddy pointed down at his foot again and glared at him.

“I can not wish for something I already have, leprechaun!” Paddy had to admit, this was perhaps the first bit of sense this fool genie made. “It's plain as day that I wished for a pot of gold my way.”

This. Was. It!

Paddy clenched his jaw, “As did I genie, and look where that got me?! You! And your fool wish gift this and that games!”

As soon as the words slid from Paddy's mouth a strange high pitched sound emerged from the bushes.

They looked at each other, silent in their confusion.

There it was again. It sounded like... giggles.

And out burst Paddy's sister, now laughing so hard she could barely breath. She held her hand to her aching stomach as she waltzed closer. She stopped in front of them only to barrel over onto the ground as she continued to laugh at them.

“Fools! Both of you!” She managed between each wild fit of laughter.

Paddy rolled his eyes at her. “No, April, clearly you're the fool!”

Tears began to rolled down her eyes. “Indeed you're right this time Paddy, April Fools!”