I sighed and dropped my face into my hands, remembering everything. I had no son, and this...this wasn't my house, my town, or, I suppose, even my world.

"Are you guys serious? Didn't you notice when you kidnapped me? There are no defense systems."

The simulation froze.  I could almost hear its nonexistent gears screech to a halt.  My now crude imitation of a son flickered.  Plants froze in place as the wind stopped blowing, people and cars on the streets became a flash mob of mannequins and poorly rendered props.  A disembodied voice sounded out, with all the tonelessness of a speakerphone.

"What do you mean there's no defense systems? That's against regulations. Your houses have doors don't they? We put them in the simulation, there was nothing wrong with that, how can your world not have defense systems? Not even for basic stuff like asteroid impacts?!"

"Well," I started to explain, waving my hand in a sort of roundabout way, "you see, space is big.  You guys know that, I'm sure, but I mean, it's really big.  And that means it's expensive.  And of course, that means higher taxes.  And so it got voted down.  And then there was that scandal with the President.  And then that monstrosity of a crossover between Marvel and Star Wars, which of course got hyped up, hated all over the internet by everyone, but everyone just had to go see the movie anyway, and it broke box office records, and now that crossover has a sequel. And so on.  You know, things just kept coming up and this defense system thing just sort of, got left behind."

Silence.  I could tell it was intentional.  I was a little embarrassed, but what could I say?  It is what it is.  The speakerphone voice crackled back to life.

"But people could die! People WILL die! Your cities will be destroyed! When we invade, when someone else invades, when some accident happens, anything!"

I chuckled a little bit to myself.  They were planning on conquering us, but they almost sound worried for us now.

"About that, yeah it happens, I guess.  I once read something on the internet, someone did a cost/benefit analysis.  Turns out it's actually just cheaper to rebuild."

"And you just don't care?!" Ha, they had given up, it seemed.  Couldn't get over this hurdle.

"About what? People dying?  They're dying now, I mean, I don't know them, so what?  People make more people, always have, always will."

Silence again.

"Besides," I continued, "you guys are nice.  Well, I suppose not YOU guys, but there are other nice races out there.  The Chon, the Ikrothan, the uh...guys with the thing on their heads, mostly green, I forget their name, you know who I mean.  There's always some disaster that slips through, they always chip in to help other races get back on their feet.  I figure, we'll just ask them for help if we really need it.  Oh right, you guys are going to invade, I guess we'll have to call them soon."

They ejected me into space after that.  The stars spun in my vision for just a brief moment.  I would never learn that the invasion was called off.  That the faceless invaders had interrogated more people after me and had gotten more or less the same answer.  That they simply wanted to wash their hands of us in disgust at our apathy towards our own well being, and simply not deal with us at all.  Oh well.  At least I won't live to see the next Marvel-Star Wars crossover sequel.