You sometime's wonder "why is the world so fucked up!"

Well, I'm going to tell you, I have seen way to much for a girl my age. And Belive me if you where to tell me 6 months back that, I would have to escape villains and SuperHeroes on a DAILY bases, I would have said you lost your mind...

 I would but here I am, in my house, panting from the- I don't know- 20-40-50 or even 70 miles I had to run, to not only escape a Gang but about 4 - 6 SuperHeroes.

Ugh, how I hate life!

"Oh, KC you're back." I hear someone say, I look to the side, towards the door-way of the kitchen, to see one of my Sibblings.

"Oh, hey Pan." I said back to her.

Pan Saver- 5'6, 12 years old, short-black hair, with some golden-tips. She is a tomboy, most people mistake her for a guy thanks to her hair and she wears baggy clothing most of the time so.... yeah.

Pan sighd, before looking at me with a determind, angry and worried look, who knew you could mix all three of does looks.

"KC Saver, why is this happening?!" She basically screamed at me.


"If I knew, would I still be running from Villains and SuperHeroes?" I retorded back.

"No, you Woulden't." Pan said, sighng.


"Geez, you look bad." I hear an all to familiar voice say in a moking tone.

"Oh, shut up Ari.." I said, before looking at my brother.

Ari Saver- 14 years old, 6'1, Fearly pail skin, blue short hair. He is an asshole most times but he does care.

"Heh, fine 'KFC'." He said using the nickname he gave me. "Now, go get cleanned up, Dinner is in a few." Pan said before going back into the kitchen.

I look over at Ari. We had a straring/glaring competition for about 5 minutes before he gave up.

I whent up to my room to fix myself.


Now, you're probably wonderings, how did I get myself in this situation, well let me tell you.



Like I said, it all started 6 months back, it was Saturday, 2:30 Pm. I was walking towards the shopping center to get some things. I was with my pet dog, Bella. Now, some back ground; in the time I live in, 86.5% of the world have powers, 12.6% of does people become SuperHeroes. While the 13.5% of the population don't have powers. Now a 3% of that 13.5, come from families where they are naturally good fighters. And me and my family are apart of that 3%.


Now, my parents always told us never get involved in a fight with a SuperHero nor a Villain. Oh, how I had to contradict that!..... Note the sarcassem.


Now, I was walking around, I had my Military pants on and a Black hoodie on. I normaly take short-cuts true the alleyways. I was just minding my own damm-bussness and then I heard a few cackles. I stoppt in my tracks, by instickt me and my Pet, Bella hid behind a Dumpster in the alley. I allways carry my Kunai's with me for a reason. Next thing I know, 3 super-villains walkt true the alleyway, getting closer to the dumpster I hid behind.


These three, I can't remmeber their names but I know they are some of the top-most wanted Villains.

As they got closer, I started to panic, my anxiety started to kick in but I took a breath and calmed myself down. As soon as one of them was next to the Dumpster, I got out of my hidding spot, kicking one of them in the crotch. The man fell to the floor while I threw one of my Kunai's at the other, it was a head shot. The kunai piearst the mans skull. The man fell into a sitting possition, leaning againt the wall behind him. Blood was streaming down his face. Yep, I had ended up killing one of them.

"Grrr, you're gonna pay for that kid!" Growld the only one that I didn't attack. He came running at me, but that was his mistake. I ended up dogging his attack and kickt him in the stomach. After that I graded another Kunai and slit his throat open. The man fell to the floor, chocking on his own blood. Blood basically spurted out of his throat! It's gross but cool! By the time I looked at the one I kickd in the Crotch, Bella had tooked care of him. She basically bit his head off! And geez, that decapitated body did not look pretty. I looked at the three, blood stained the walls and also the floor. Some blood stained my hoodie but not too much. Now, there I was standing, just realizing I killed three major Villains.

In the air, there was a strong mix of the metalic sent of blood, Gardage and Humidity.

"Well, shit. I should have been more carefull." I said to myself, gradding the Kunai that pierced one of the Villains skulls and hid both Kunai's away. And yet before I could walk away, someone stopped me.

When I look back to see who stopped me, I saw the FBI. 'SHIT!' I mentaly cursed.

"You... kid. You're coming with us." The FBI agent said. The only thought I had at that moment was 'ugh, todays gonna be a long, LOOOONNNGG, Day'.

I ended up being interrogated about what happened and told it like it was. They askt me about my powers and like I said before, I don't have one.... so, this is what unfolds:

"So, kid. What's your power?" Askt FBI agent #1.

"Sorry, sir but I don't have one" I said in response.

All the FBI agents there lookt at me with skeptical faces before erupting into laughter. These bastereds think I'm lieing!!

"Ok, that was funny kid. Now, tell us." Said FBI agent #2.

"Like I said, I don't have powers!" I almost screamed back.


They keept on insisting and I keept on denieng. Eventualy they let me go. On my way out, I saw alot of the FBI agents with knowing looks and some nodded as if I told them something. These idiots!!


When I got back home and told my family what happend, they found it just as wierd as me. My parents told me to be more carefull.


I hopped that, THAT was the end of THAT. BUUUUTTTTT, NOOOOOOOOO! I was soooooo Wrong!

For the next 4 weeks, everyday! For some F'd up reason I always ended up being near a villain and it always ended in two ways: I killed the villain or just restrained the villain and the cops got them.

Heck, thats not even the worset part!

By then, they had Dubd me, the Hero: "killer".


Honestly, it is so stupid!


For the next 3 - 4 days after does two hell of weeks, nothing happened. But next thing I know, I'm hanging out with my sibblings and it happends again but this time my sibblings helped.

For the next few weeks, I was 40% of the time alone when I had to kill a Villain and be "the hero" and the other times, I had one or more of my Sibblings with me.

Now, my sibblings are considered by "sidekicks"! Ha! How idotic can humanity get!.... actualy, don't answer that, I don't want to know.


Now, comes the fun part! The profecional SuperHeroes and the ones in traning! Oh now most of them dispised me! Some hated me because I keep on strealing their "thunder"- Pfft, idiots.

And then, the rest HATES me because they think I'm a Villain! Ha, as if! But atless they understand that I ain't the next great hero but, I ain't no villain!

Sometimes, they try to get me killed or try tricking people that I am no good but most of Humanity always goes on my side, so I suppose thats good.


It cool and all but it's stressfull, when you're just chilling with your bros and then the cops come, drag you towards a Villain and make you have to deal with that Villain. On-top of that, having alot of Villains and Heroes on your back is stressful as well.


Ugh, I just hope this will end.


Now, you have a summery of what happened.


And now, to finish changing.



I finish changing. Now, i'm wearing a mindcraft shirt, with Dark ocean cargo pants. I go down stairs and go to the living room. I sit down on the couch and watch TV with my sibblings.

Ari, Pan, snowFlake, Flex, Opex and Shishi.


'Looks like Mom took over cooking Duty- Pfft Duty' I thought to myself with a smirk.

Next thing I know, I hear our mom call for us. We get up and go into the kitchen. Mom saw sitting next to Dad. They had a Card in hand, I wonder what it will be.


"Kids, you might want to see this." Dad said looking at us.


I go over and Grad the card and start reading.


'Dear, Ms. and Mr. Saver


We are proude to say that, your children have been chosen to go, to the top-super hero academy-' 

I didn't even read the rest,  I just showed it to my sibblings.


"Shit!" We all said in usion.


"Hey, no swearing" Our Dad scolded us.



Me and my sibblings looked at eatch other, and we all thought the same thing. 


'Oh are we Fucked!'


I'm just gonna say this. This is gonna be hell!


=======================================

So, yeah, I wrote this. Better than the last one. Please give me some critiques and correct my grammer, so I can do better.

Well, I hope you all enjoyed this crap I wrote!

Bye and have a nice day.