Not an elderly couple, just a father. 

John awoke to the same buzzing noise he'd been hearing for the last 15 years, the buzzing and beeping of his daughters' landline.

"Oh great another early morning, wonder if I'll see them today before bed." Mumbled John as he got up and looked at the clock, 4:30 AM it read. "Morning Karen." He says looking at the empty side of his bed and at the framed picture on the nightstand. It held the image of his late wife and mother to his daughters. 

"Might as well get some work done today." As he puts on his black dress pants and white shirt, hearing his three daughters fly out of the house. 

"Synthesizing test sample 030103.....
..
. Complete, traces of compound found, molecular structure unstable. Reproduced result: Negative." John's basement computer reads. 

It had been 30 years since he had discovered a scientific fluke and bestowed super human abilities on his infant daughters accidentally. At first it was great, they could fly, were near invincible and had distinct personalities that both conflicted and strengthened their relationship. It was only after a year when their mother, Karen was abducted, they never got a ransom or heard anything besides that she was gone. 

The daughters decided they did not want to leave it to the police and used their powers to search for her, stopping crime as they saw it. 

Over their search they stopped monsters, villains, robbers and helped the local police clean up their city. They drew attention and adoration from the city, the Mayor declared them the City's protectors and had a phone installed in their home and his office. It was to be used for emergencies. 

"Pft, emergencies." Scoffs John as he remembers these events.

On the day he lost Karen he lost so much more, his daughters. They were out all day and most of the night from the day that phone was installed. Putting out fires and dealing with the ridiculous emergencies the Mayor seemed to find. 

Besides the occasional greeting he never interacted with his daughters anymore, they left before he got up and went to bed before he knew they were home. His attempts to communicate were met with anecdotes of their crime stoppage and how they couldn't give up searching for their mom. 

"Synthesizing test sample 030104.....
..
. Complete, traces of compound found, molecular structure stable. Reproduced result: Positive." Beeped the computer. 

"Holy shit, I did it, I made the compound again!" Yelled John. 

He donned his protective suit, a helmet and visor, lead-titanium plated chest piece and slip resistant combat boots; and entered the testing chamber. He took it at a run giddy that he had finally done it. 

Boom. 

The compound exploded out of its dish and coated John, he had forgotten that it was pressurized inside and hadn't waited for it to drop before entering. 

It was over, he lay on the ground. All his work had just been undone, his synth computer lay in wreckage around his basement. 

He just wanted it gone, to be able to have his wife and daughters back to normal, but he wouldn't get that. 

He opened his eyes and found himself floating in midair. 

"I can fly?" Gasped John. 

His experiment had worked, but not in the way he wanted. He wanted a cure to Compound X, now he'd infected himself and miraculously had super human powers as well. 

Thus PowerProf was born, using his super hero powers Professor, John, Father, decided to dedicate his life to finding his wife and reconnecting with his daughters. 

*Cue* Theme song. 