"Are you ready?" The nurse's voice was always kind, but one could hear the deep concern buried beneath the kindness.  Kyle nodded his head, his heart pounding in his chest, a tear racing from his eye to his chin and onto the silvery blue tile floor.  
   
"*Please,*" Kyle begged silently. "*Please let it work this time.*". He felt an alcohol swab against his arm, focused on the sensation of the cool liquid against his warm skin.  Thinking about anything other than the matter at hand was a comfort to his presently racing heart.  The nurse exhaled apprehensively and thrust the needle toward his arm.  It collided against his skin as though it had just been jabbed into a steel slab, giving way and bending with a loud *TING*.   Kyle dropped his head to his chest and exhaled harshly, fighting as utter hopelessness resumed it's place in his mind.
  
"I'm so sorry, Kyle.  I'll go get the doctor." The nurse pursed her lips together, marking her helpless compassion, and quickly exited the room.  His heart sank into his stomach, taking with it any hope, and he screamed.  It was the kind of scream you hear from a parent who has lost a child, or a husband who has been left behind in death by a wife.  A scream of grief. It was all he could do. No comprehensible words would express the anguish he felt as he picked up the syringe with its bent needle and threw it against the wall.  The tip of the needle stuck into the drywall with the force. A cosmic joke, Kyle decided, as he stared at the thing with deep loathing.  
  
Feet pattered down the hall toward the room and the doctor entered.  "Kyle, I'm sorry.  We've tried everything.  Poisons you throw back up.  Blades can't penetrate your skin.  Asphyxia did nothing.  I'm afraid the PVP block has completely eliminated our ability to manage this in any way except natural death." At this point, Kyle was numb. Staring at the silvery blue floor once again, a tiny glass pool of tears accumulating beneath his down -turned face.    
  
It had been ten weeks since the Anti-PVP technology had been released and irreversibly activiated.  Ten weeks since they discovered that he had aggressive lung cancer.  Ten weeks since they realized that chemotherapy, due to its nature as a killer of abnormal human cells, would no longer be effective as a treatment.  The disease had begun to steal away his life essence at week two.  The pain was unbearable, sometimes rendering him unconscious, which had become a welcome relief.  The gagging and vomiting began at week six.  Now, at week 10, it felt as though each breath brought with it a thousand needles, stabbing into his lungs and chest.  At this point, he wished nothing more than to end the suffering.  
  
Kyle slipped off the table and into the wheelchair.  The nurse pushed him back to his room, helped him into bed, and stole away with a tearful apologetic glance.  The room fell silent except for the rhythmic sounds of the oncology department going about business as usual.  
  
Kyle placed an earbud firmly into each ear as he gazed at the photo of his wife on his night stand.  His memories stole away with his consciousness as he recalled the shape of her body as it lay on the sidewalk, surrounded by chalk and yellow tape, the crimson of her life flowing in a tiny river in the cracks between the cement squares.  They caught the mugger who had shot her.  He was in prison for life, but the injustice of him still breathing and his wife lying motionless in the street had ignited within Kyle a fire of justice.  He couldn't allow people to keep hurting each other.  Not after that.  How was he supposed to know that his Anti-PVP serum would be irreversible?  He didn't think of the implications of his research until it was undeniably too late.  Grief can do that to a person.  
  
A familiar metallic and mechanical click pulled him back to reality, followed quickly by a bang and a scream from the next room.  The same scream Kyle had screamed the night Lisa lay on the sidewalk.  The same scream he had groaned with another failed injection.   
  
Kyle turned up the volume in his ear buds, the rhythm and screams of the oncology ward fading into the background.