“Uh-uh, uh-uh. And this gentleman, this deity of the church, he said his name was Jesus? Great. I’m assuming he “died” or something along those lines? Okay, yup, resurrection. Sounds like his M.O. Right right, I shouldn’t talk about Jesus like he was a criminal. Look sir, no need to get feisty. Fair enough. Thank you for the information.”

I hung up the phone. I felt bad. This was another world that was going to go through millennia of hardship, working through the idea of Jesus and the various religions he spawned. There’s never just one. There’s always a main one, but he likes to create two or three, usually very similar, but with just enough differences to get them all riled up. Eventually they’ll learn, but it will be a while. 

This isn’t the first planet he’s fucked up. It’s not even the hundredth. Everywhere he goes, he leaves a trail of chaos on these developing worlds. I want to call him evil. I want to call this a reign of terror. But it’s not. It’s just some stupid college kid. Probably thinks he’s hot shit. He is holding the record.

You see, to the rich kids and MWU, this is a game. They hop from planet to planet causing as much damage as they can before moving onto the next. The goal is to stunt the growth of as many developing worlds as they can without getting caught. It’s not a clever game. Honestly, it’s not even a fun game, from what I’ve heard. After a couple hundred years, it becomes a chore. But they can’t stop. They need to impress their “friends.”

The worst part of all this, aside from the destruction (a solid third of these worlds nuke themselves because of these assholes), is that they’ll get off scot-free. Yeah, I’ll catch em. He’s getting close to tripping up, moving a bit too slow. But so what. He’ll spend a night or two in the university’s holding cell before his parents will come and pay the $30 bail and he’s right as rain. No scholarly punishment, no impact on job prospects. No consequences. For them.

I look around and sigh. There’s a lot of individuals on this planet (they call themselves Hoomuns?), and their news is already starting to look bad. This is probably the quickest I’ve seen a species go down the path to self-extinction. I give them maybe a year or two. I should probably report them to my super, let her know that this planet won’t be around much longer. See if I can get permission to intervene, maybe stop the extinction.

I know it won’t happen in time, if at all. There’s a lot of paperwork. There are a lot of planets. We can’t save them all. We can only hope for the best. Maybe I won’t do the paperwork. Who knows. I’ve seen species right themselves before.

A few days later, I depart. Hopefully, all will be right with this world. But I have thousands more to check. Why should I spend more time worrying about this one?

I push the planet from my mind and trudge forward. Maybe I can save the next.
