"Now this is a real goddamn surprise," the reaper muttered. "You haven't even had your first death, yet here you are talkin' to me."

The man in front of the reaper was shaking. Barely any meat was on his body, and his hair was long and unkept. He didn't wear clothes and the dirt covering his body befit the dark forest around them both. He was only in his twenties, yet it seemed like he had been out here for years.

"Though, t'be honest, it don't look like you'll be waiting much longer for that," the True Reaper continued. "You hopin' there's something big around here tah kill?"

"W-Who are you?!" the man shrieked.

"Oh. Right, I forgot you might not be used tah seein' a skeleton with a trench coat and a hood. Well, Johnny boy, you can call me Oblivion."

Johnny frantically started glancing around. No doubt he was looking for a weapon of some kind.

"You might have heard of my brother, Death," Oblivion continued, unconcerned with his weapon searching.

"D-Death?"

"Well, he comes when you die. I come when you've been forgotten. And Johnny boy, yer mother's finally kicked the bucket." As Oblivion finished this sentence, Johnny's body went stiff. Johnny then began to glare, which Death took note of. "Course, she's the reason you're out here, right? And the reason nobody else in this goddamned world knows you."

"..."

"Ya don't gotta tell me. I know yer story. Gotta say, it ain't pretty. Nobody even knew she had a son. Heh, maybe if they did..."

Johnny spoke up. "What do you want?"

Oblivion's mouth opened slightly as a small chortle echoed. "Suddenly gettin' more ballsy, ain't ya? Well, Johnny boy, I'm here because nobody alive knows who the hell you are. Now you might be thinking, 'Wait, what if I find my way back to the city?' Ain't so simple. I'm here 'cause you ain't meetin' anyone else in yer short, sad life."

Oblivion felt the wind blow against his face. Johnny had found his spear, and the boy had tried to stab the reaper with it. Oblivion caught it. For a skeleton, he was surprisingly strong!

"Clearly, ya ain't a big fan of that," Oblivion commented.

Johnny growled.

"Well, Johnny, normally I'd vaporize yer soul and move on, but you kinda need that tah live. So we're gonna do it this way."

With his free hand, the skeleton gave the forgotten soul in front of him a hard smack across the face. Johnny fell over with a cry of pain. "Gah! Fuck!"

"Ah, shut yer yap. That was a light one."

Johnny's glare pierced upwards towards the reaper once more. There was a strange sensation deep inside of him. It was as if his soul had a ticking time bomb attached to it. "What did--"

"What did I do?" Oblivion cut in. "Well, I put a little curse on ya. When you finally meet my brother, both your body and yer soul will die. Normally, Death would just kill yer body, but your soul's already dead. As such, it needs tah go too."

He gazed upon Johnny's body and couldn't help but chuckle.

"You'll be seeing him soon."

"L-Like Hell I will!" Johnny snapped. "I'm not dying! I...I'll get out of these woods tonight!"

"Yeah?" The reaper was unimpressed, but amused nonetheless. "Prove it, tough guy."

"I will!" Johnny exclaimed, rising to the challenge. "Watch me, by sunrise, I'll have made it to the city and gotten help!" Desperation choked his voice up, but he kept up the facade of strength. Then, he began to storm off as Oblivion began his remark.

"If you were gonna find a city, you'd have goddamn found one by now. Face it, kid, yer destined to die here."