She is 234 years old and counting. She sips a warm beer and stretches a low smile against the glass reflection - the face gazing back can’t be more than twenty; a few years lost to the difficult kills. She closes her eyes as the booze drags back the hammering memories of their frightened faces - the worst ones are still those glowing with love. She drains the beer. The faces once again locked up at the back of her mind and she rises and sees him for the first time - a tug of love, warm eyes, a rush of blood through a pained heart. Then she sees wrinkled smiles, lags of skin, and the withered bodies of a foolish pair. She grabs the blade and walks toward him. 

He stands, grinning from ear to ear, and as she is about to whip a line of red across his neck, he draws out a dagger to plunge between her ribs. They miss by a gasp and tumble to opposite sides. Their eyes lock in a moment of understanding, hers dart to the logo on his shirt, his tumble over her salacious body and fix on a signet ring. Then she is gone, streaming away through the happy crowds, and leaving him with an empty echo in the dark night. His chest plunges into ice cold. It has to be done, he murmurs and lays a plan for the hunt. 

She looks thirty now. She curses every time a mirror glances back. He has gone into hiding. Too many failed attempts sent him into stealth mode and she hasn’t heard a whisper of life or felt the pounding in her ears in over three months. Lets end this, she screamed at his disappearing back. That was the last time she saw him, blood oozing in his wake and a stumbling leg cracked and dragging behind him. If she hadn’t been gasping on the ground with a steel rod pinning her shoulder in place she might have finished him off. But they each got away. 

She isn’t hiding. She wants it over, she wants to finish this. She walks in plain sight, she follows a routine: the same bus, the same walk, the same job, the same house - every day is the same. She tempts him to jump out at any corner. She longs to see his face. She thinks of the slight curve to the broad nose, the dark bulbous chin, the warm eyes…she shuts down her mind. 

Two more months go by and then he is there, standing atop her roof and kitted like a knight from history. He is stacked with grenades, sheathed with swords, and pulling back a crossbow. She feels him above her, waiting to strike. Then the room erupts with a flash of light, and smoke is running into her eyes, and through her nose, and filling her mouth. She squeezes everything shut and straps on a gas mask, and without a sound, she slips down through a trapdoor. The house rips into a bonfire. 

She looks eighty now. She watches as the scorched face stumbles into the care home and extracts an automatic. She raises her hands and waits for the bullets to rip through. When the cold strikes three times - two to the chest and one to the belly - she washes with relief and then sends the gas into his lungs. Their eyes lock in a moment of understanding, and the last thing she sees is his warm smile. 

The coroner straps the corpses into black bags and wheels away the evidence of the withered bodies of a foolish pair. 