The object in question happened to be his bunch of keys. Mr Stevens blinked once, twice, then ran his hands across the desk in front of him, struggling to understand what had happened. The desk was as solid and unyielding as always. He stood up. Even though he knew it would be fruitless, he still went through the motions of checking his pockets and examining the floor under the desk. Sometimes when faced with an incredible situation, trying to behave in a normal way is the best way to avoid panicking.

Mysteriously losing keys is a bad thing to happen to anyone. Mr Stevens was a senior prison guard in one of the most high security prisons. The sort of place where the inmates have committed such heinous crimes that a good number of them are infamous in several countries. 

In such a place keys are tightly controlled. They must be accounted for every minute of every day. They are signed out at the start if the shift and signed back in at the end. There are spare copies of course so no one is in immediate danger. But once Mr Stevens reports them missing he will be under huge scrutiny. At best, he can expect to be vilified,   thought of as unreliable and put on all the long night shifts. At worst, he can kiss the job goodbye.

The feeling of panic starts to rise just as he sees something dart across his vision. The mouse pointer reappears, right clicks and presses 'undo'. With a giddy relief he watches the keys reappear in front of him. As he runs them through his hands he notices a note attached. It reads 'Release prisoner #19973 at 22.37 from the south entrance. If you fail to obey other important things will dissapear'.

Mr Stevens sat down, emotionally fraught. He ran through the options as the minutes ticked by towards the precise deadline. He would not just release a possibly dangerous criminal because a note on an inexplicably insubstantial bunch of keys told him to. Even if he wanted to, he could not very well walk this criminal past the other guards to the south entrance and let him out of the door. But what about the threat of other important  things dissapearing? And how exactly is any of this possible? Mr Stevens looks at his watch to check the time. As he sees the face of the watch he realises that the deadline had been reached. He starts to shake as the cursor appears, moves to his left arm, right clicks, and presses delete.