"Er.. you bought the wrong birthday card. He's five, not four." She looked at me accusingly.

"Are you sure?"

"I gave birth to him. Pretty sure. You're a bad uncle, you know." She turned and started preparing the sandwiches. A radio host said nothing of importance in the background.

"I think I'm an okay uncle. He's just grown up really fast. Besides, would a bad uncle be here to help you out now?"

"You bought a card - the wrong card. That's hardly helping. You're just standing around and you've been standing around all day. If you really wanna help then decorate the cake quickly, before the kids get back. I'll fix the table." She walks out of view as I look at the cake.

It's circular and plain white. The kind with a thick layer of white icing covering the actual cake, probably two or three layers with some jam in-between. Beside it lay a few icing pens, of various colours. They are used, probably left over from Halloween - in fact, definitely left over from Halloween, judging by the names of the colours. Gargoyle Green - used. Bubonic Blue - used. Red Blood - oddly full, oddly pristine, and oddly titled.

Im a little bit stung by my sister's criticism, but I cant say it's undeserved. I resolve to make up for my past failings. Im gonna decorate the shit out of this cake. They'll all love it so much, before it gets devoured by the little beasts.

At some point, the radio host had stopped talking and a song had started playing. It's a song I know. I find myself humming along. 

I draw a circle around the top face of the cake. 

"There's a sign on the wall."

The icing comes out thick, dark red. I wonder how old the pen is. Nevertheless, neatly done.

"Ooh it makes me wonder."

I add the candles. Should I put them in the centre? They would be easier to blow out. Despite the reasoning, i place them around the edge of the cake, spread out across the circumference of the circle i just drew, equidistant from each other.

"There's a feeling i get."

Im in the flow now, as if conscious control of my body has been rescinded, hands drawing randomly.

"Ooh it really makes me wonder"

A line here, a line there.

"If there's a bustle in your hedgerow."

Let's keep going, join it all together. 

"Your head is humming and it wont go."

There, finished.

"And she's buying the stairway to heaven."

The song finishes and i snap out of my trance. It seems oddly geometric. I pick up Gargoyle Green and Bubonic Blue and draw some balloons and stars. I write Happy Birthday. I feel slightly sick. Im gonna go lie down for a bit.

The outside world seems muffled and numb. I feel drained. I hear the opening and closing of doors, the loud voices of children. I'm lying in bed whilst my nephew's birthday party is happening. I am a bad uncle.

I get up and walk to the party. They are singing Happy Birthday. I try and join them but the sound doesn't escape my throat. The flames on the candle seem awfully large

"Happy Biiiirthday.. To Youuuu"

"Blow out the candles."

The candles dont seem to be extinguishing. In fact, they seem to be getting bigger.

"Blow harder.. "

The flames spread to the pattern on the cake, still getting bigger. My sister pulls her son away from the cake.

"Go get the fire extinguisher."

The flames have now engulfed the cake and are spreading. I look around at the hazy, smokey room. Im the only person here. The entire room is on fire. I must be hallucinating.

I look at the cake. It is no longer on fire, although the rest of the room is. A hand emerges through it's top face. Unhumanly long black, bony slimy fingers. An arm. A head a torso. A full body has climbed out of the cake. 

It looks at me. 

"At last."
