“James,” my boss called gruffly, from the far end of the table. Mine was the last in a series of presentations concerning online domestic terror threats. The atmosphere in the room was leaden; the lights were dimmed, the air was humid and stale, because a dozen of us had been seated there for over two hours without any break.  I could see the weariness in the faces of my co-workers, as they battled the 3 pm. post-lunch afternoon lull, none too successfully: some were yawning outright. But all of this wasn’t enough to calm my terrible case of nerves:  the thudding in my chest and faint sweat on my forehead announced, to everyone, I feared, that this presentation, despite my hours of preparation, was going to be *awful.* 

“An update, please, James,” my boss, the special agent in charge of online terrorism, was saying, “on the campus radicalization watch.” 

Eleven pairs of eyes stared at me along the boardroom table.  I had no choice but to get this over with, I thought to myself: I managed to plug in the projector to my laptop, fired up Powerpoint, and tried to calm my breathing enough to speak without my voice trembling. 

“As we all know,” I began, awkwardly clearing my throat, and trying to force my voice into a lower register, “The most recent domestic security threat to emerge on-campus is comprised of men in the 18-24 demographic. You *might* have heard of them, given recent unfortunate events internationally,” I said, dryly. “They’re called *incels.*”

“F-ing *losers,*” muttered a colleague, down the table. “We should round them all up and gas them.”

A flicker of anger registered in my consciousness. *That’s easy for him to say,* a voice in my head mocked. *He’s not a stupid virgin who can’t get laid, unlike-*

“On the contrary,” I said, firmly, cutting off my own internal dialogue, “Most of them are not radicalized and are not a genuine threat. The vast majority of them will never carry out anything like real-life action against the women they hate. It’s important to keep perspective, here, and not get carried away.”

“Still,” sniffed the square-jawed asshole, who seemed to fancy that he was office Rambo, “There should be, like, a quiz, or something, to keep that scum out of the workplace. I bet there’s one of those would-be c--tlickers here in this very room.”

“It would be fairly stupid for them to act as double-agents, contrary to their job mandates,” I said, as my heart begin to race. While nearly all of us were solitary loners in the cyber unit, these twats from the terrorism force, with whom we were working for the first time, seemed much more judgmental, and I hoped they weren’t getting any ideas about me. 

“And we’re all thoroughly screened for such tendencies, before joining this organization, in case you’ve forgotten,” I continued, hoping I wasn’t belabouring the point too long. “Back to the issue at hand: we need to focus our efforts on the core of the group – at its heart is a cohort of men completely lacking in empathy, who fantasize about violence against women, and instigate extremism amongst each other.”

I flashed through a series of screenshots presenting my findings from the surveillance I’d conducted on each of their message boards. An audible gasp went through the room, thoroughly rousing it from its afternoon slumber. The group broke silence to interject with clamorous, angry exclamations: 

“His own MOTHER – what kind of monster could ever – “

“Oh my God: he’s talking about doing that to *dead people.* I think I’m going to throw up – “

“Underage girls – this should be reported to the human trafficking unit- “

“*Yes,*” I said, loudly, finding my courage after letting them vent their feelings for a minute.  The chatter mostly stopped, save for a few murmurs. “Much of this content is highly disturbing, and I will liaise with other investigative units to make sure these leads aren’t overlooked. But MY core investigation is an adjacent unit, which, I believe, is the key to both radicalizing and dismantling them: this watchdog group.”

“You’re investigating the *watchdog group?*” frowned my boss. “I don’t see the purpose of that whatsoever.”

“The watchdog group,” I continued, “has an instigating function. They find material produced by the incel group, troll the incel groups with it by making fun of it, and then the incel groups react and are driven to even further extremes. It’s effectively a match to kindling.”

“James,” my colleague Andrea said, leaning over the table, “I consider you my friend, and I know you mean well, but isn’t this more than a little out of line? You’ve just said that a group who *watches* these guys is somehow equivalent to these *literal terrorists*…”

“I’m not saying,” I said, interrupting her, at which she frowned, “That they’re the same AT ALL. What I’m saying is that this counter-group can be weaponized and used *productively* against them.” 

“How so?” my boss interjected.

“The façade of both groups depends on public posturing,” I said. “The men posture for the women in their, you know, genuinely frightening pseudo-terrorist way. The women posture for the men, in their virtuous, pearl-clutching, ‘I am so horrified by this; think of the children’ way. It’s kind of old-school gender-wars stuff, ironically. Violence against virtue. So, the means to crack through this impasse,” I said, relishing this twist, even though this was precisely the part of the presentation I'd been most anxious about, “Is to get them in an environment where the posturing means nothing. We have to get them to DM each other.”

“DM?” asked my boss.

“Direct message,” I clarified. “Look at this: Here I am pretending to be some horrible incel, and this sweet college girl – she’s really quite something,” I said, laughing, despite myself, at this exchange; she’d been so heartfelt, and I’d been so asinine, that I couldn’t help smiling about it, at how gamely she’d played along. “She is, like, pouring it out in the messages. We’re having a whole real conversation about our entire lives. It’s pretty amazing.”

“And you know that this is replicable - how?” My boss questioned. 

“Because,” I said, clicking through to the next screen, “I’m watching the PCs and phones of all these guys. And it’s like they’re different guys in private, a lot of the time. Not all of them, but some of them, are able to stop being edgy, and act almost genuine. Some of them are still acting like total dicks – sorry,” I muttered, “Their language is kind of infectious. *Not-nice* people. But I think it’s making a difference, slowly, and over time. And it's, I think, a very good measure of how indoctrinated they are,” I concluded. "If they can drop the act when talking to someone they believe to be a woman, maybe they aren't beyond saving." 

“James,” my boss said, with a frown, “We are the NSA. We’re not a government-funded angry-young-man rehabilitation program.”

“Yes, sir,” I said, my heart sinking.

“This man, in your screenshot – that’s not you, right?” I confirmed it wasn’t. “THIS is your redemptive moment for him? He’s telling this girl to ‘go f-- her tall boyfriend’ if she’s bored of him.”

“Well,” I said, slouching slightly, “That’s about as warm and fuzzy as he gets. At least he’s not calling her a … lady of the night? At least it’s some positive human contact?”

“James,” he said, as frustration built in his voice, “You need to focus on providing me with *leads.* You need to hone in on the cells which are active terror threats, plant the seeds for action as an undercover operative, and then give us the go-ahead to bust them wide open.”

“Yes, sir,” I said, bowing my head. 

“Stop dicking around with these women, and get to work on your actual job,” he thundered. “We need to produce results, not just talk about our feelings, here.”

With a few additional words about our tasks for the upcoming week, he ended the meeting, and the group stood up to leave. I gathered my laptop accessories in my trembling hands while the rest of the group filtered out past me, casting pitying glances my way.

“Tough luck, James,” Andrea called to me, as she paused by my side. “I still think those incel guys are terrifying and that you aren’t objective enough about them, but at least you were trying to do something good about it.”

“Ouch,” I said, I tried to force my face into a smile. “Not *objective* enough?” I wondered, with terror, if she suspected the truth of my situation. “You don’t think I’m one of those assholes, do you?”

“Of course not,” she said. “You seem like a perfectly nice guy. You don’t seem like you hate *me,* when we talk. And your love life is none of my business.”

“I *don’t* hate women,” I said, “Even if I don’t have great luck with them.”

“Dry spell, huh?” she said. “I know exactly what that’s like. Work here is pretty all-consuming, and people who stare at computers all day aren’t always the best at being social.”

I nodded, and sighed. Andrea was too polite to pry further, and I was grateful. 

“Don’t be too hard on yourself,” she said. “God, you had a ton of work up there. A million leads. You could focus in on any of those radicals and produce results, I’m pretty sure of it.”

“If I make it to next week,” I sighed. “How long do you think they give me until I’m fired?”

“You’re ridiculous,” she scoffed. “Jesus, *every* time you have a bad day at work you think this’ll happen. Do you want to have lunch together?” she asked. “So you can talk it out?”

“Sorry,” I said. For some reason, kindness was very difficult for me to accept – it always felt like pity, and reminded me of my own failure, and then suddenly I was choking back tears. 

“I’ve got a bunch of backlogged work to get through,” I said, trying to stop my voice from trembling, “so I’m probably going to eat at my desk.” 

“Sure you’re all right?” Andrea asked, quietly.

“Yes,” I said, not meeting her eyes.

I sat alone in the dark, in the empty conference room, for so long that another group interrupted me to start their meeting.
