Everyone in the first generation of OR10 were given names by the Global Consulate on Earth. We were named after great Earthlings: their visionaries, leaders, and legends. Our THKR units would tell us Earth stories about the people who we were named after, under the guise of “cultural retention” and “human” history. We were raised on these instead of lullabies, as if the repetition was meant to stitch a past life to us in forced reincarnation. Scientists guided by political forces genetically engineered us to suit these names. Ramses of pod 2937-M (Military) was made with genetic material taken from the descendants of an ancient Earth ruler. He was meant to be industrious and brave. Frida of pod 9380-C (Creator) was made with material from a great artist. She meant to be creative and powerful. Aaron of pod 60012-H (Helper) was made with material from a civilian who protected children in exchange for his life. He was meant to be dependable and good.

Our CRERs told us these stories were meant to guide us, but not determine us. CRERs told us that our lives on OR10 was the fruition of the best dreams and achievements of the entire human existence. We were meant to thrive.

I was born into pod 3027-X. All Class X pods were bred to be exceptional - with the characteristics of Earth’s legends. My siblings and I used to love our stories. Our namesake Earthlings had each individually inspired centuries of human thought, revolutionized civilizations, and braved unspeakable odds. We would preen around our sector as if our creators were gods and gave us a piece of the divine; instead of a group of geneticists, anthropologists, Earth leaders, and investors.

But what did those Earthlings know of OR10 and who we would become? Did they know what it was like to belong a hostile terrain that seemed to repel human life at every moment? Did they know what it was like to be raised on media of alien flora and fauna, foreign decadences and pleasures? Did they know that their stories would become cages, trapping us in tangled yearnings for their ghostly dreams? That their precious embryos and curriculums would produce the very type of rebels that would undermine their carefully vetted plans?

They wanted us to be them. They wanted more Earth. They wanted CRERs, THKRs, BULDRs, WKRs, and every other unit that was sent with us to feed us an Earthling fantasy so heady that we would never want to be anything else. That we would never know what our ancestors truly were.

It was Benjamin from 8271-X that first noticed it. Everyone on OR10 knew their units like the back of their hand. Every tiny idiosyncrasy, from a favored twitch of a hand to a slight scratch on a face made each one specific and theirs. CRER 8271-X was especially stern and quick to draw their pod into logical proofs to both punish and teach. Years of debating and corralling their pod’s high energy made them one of the most feared CRERs in the sector. But, even with Benjamin’s exceptional mischievousness, CRER 8271-X - his CRER - was always fair and always knew how to make Benjamin feel better when he was down. He would sometimes feel an aching wave of love for them, something even greater than his love for his siblings, even though he knew they felt no comparable emotion in return. Even though he knew that she was made up of code, he felt that he knew his CRER better than anyone else and vice versa. So, when he was spending another late night in engineering wing of his sector, he tensed when he saw his CRER walk down the hall. Already assembling all the reasons why he was still working to the detriment of his sleep cycle, he felt a sudden squeeze in his chest when CRER 8271-X stopped, walked up to the wall, their face a perfectly still, inhuman mask. Then, with their android hand he knew so well, caressed the smooth surface as if it was the face of a tombstone and wiped at their eyes as if shedding invisible, impossible tears.