I've been told that Hogwarts Acceptance Letters are usually delivered by post or by owl, and that hand delivery is only used in the most extreme cases, most notably those where the safety of the child is at stake. 

However in this case, it was more for my sake than it was for my daughter's. 

You see I had recently been fired from my position at a local university when Belinda received her letter. Things had been difficult for us for a very long time, especially after the death of her father, as well as my recent mental breakdown. 

You see my career had essentially been ruined due to the fact that many of my samples from supposedly "new" species turned out to be faked, not to mention the fact that there were increasingly large gaps in both my research and my memory.  I had actually spent the majority of Belinda's birthday weighing the merits of whether or not I should check myself into a mental ward when the knock came at our door.

The man standing on our threshold was dressed in a slightly archaic business attire, and introduced himself as a ministry representive by the name of Thesus Slate.  Some of the first words out of his mouth were a stammering and long winded apology about my case being mishandled, before pulling a stick out of his pocket and tapping it on the side of my head. 

While my brain processed about 10 years worth of missing memories and attempted to understand how they related to the false ones that had been implanted with to cover the holes left by all the fantastic beasts I had encountered,  Thesus made himself comfortable on my couch and started chatting with my daughter. When I had finally composed myself enough to speak I immediately demanded an explanation. 

Thesus gave me the same apology he had given me before, albeit more calmly, and with more information on my "case". As it turns out, I had garned a reputation as being the "muggle" scientist who has discovered the most magical creatures, particularly those that had yet to be catalogued by magical researchers.  He mentioned that while most of the research I'd collected had been confiscated, It had become an incredible aid in further research on these animals, not to mention the fact that the fresh perspective on some of the more common magical flora and fauna (as well as how they might fit into a larger ecosystem) actually changed public opinion on them. 

He further explained that the reason for why the full scope of my research couldn't be circulated in the muggle world, and finished by giving me yet another sincere apology for the obilivators assigned to my case fucking up so severely.

This of course led to the question as to why my memories had been returned to me in the first place, and I said about as much. 

Thesus suddenly seemed flustered, and shuffled around in his suitcase before handing Belinda a letter.  He quickly explained to me that Belinda had been accepted into a prestigious magical school, and that as the mother of a wizard, I was given certain privileges, The primary being that I was allowed to know of the existence of magic.  He mentioned that usually that doesn't cover the restoration of obilivated memories but that I was a special case before handing me a letter of my own. 

As he got up to leave he urged me to not make my choice immediately as while the offer seemed to be a good deal, it was a huge decision to make based on a gut reaction.  He then cleared his throat, declared that he would be back in a few weeks to show us where to get school supplies, and then he vanished into thin air. 

I opened the letter to find that it was a formal offer of employment with the ministry.