I didn't open my eyes as soon as I was awake. I knew I'd slept in. I knew what I was doing. I knew everything I was going to see when I opened them. I wanted a moment alone, to mentally vent. I wish I could remember what I'd done. What I'd tried. But there was no point. Try as I might, I couldn't pin down the previous cycle, it's trying to recall the details of a dream you were barely maintaining in the first place.      

I turned to my side and opened my eyes. And they met hers. She was already awake, staring at me, with those dirty hazel eyes. She smiles, and I go to kiss her. Then I can see the number just out of the corner of my eye, and suddenly every decision, every moment, feels important. Should I not have tried to kiss her? Was that too much? Should have smiled first? Was my smile already too much? Did she want to have sex? Did I want to have sex?       

I try not to make the day a blur. When we go to eat lunch at our favorite sandwich place, I order her favorite sandwich the way she likes it, and I make sure to pay. When we decide to eat them down by the beach, I suggest we walk, because I'm pretty sure we drove last time, and I don't have to concentrate on driving, I can concentrate on her, her laugh, the sun on her hair, the freckles on her nose.      

We end up spending the rest of our time there. We had maybe three other things planned for the day, but our discussion is just too much. It flows, it weaves from one topic to the next, it always doubles back on itself, we reincorporate and accumulate jokes and bits, it gets deep, it goes ridiculous. I keep hoping I find the perfect balance of asking questions, being interested, making her laugh, and trying to infuse meaning and significance into this moment with me, as if I'm saying, "Please remember this moment. Please don't make me do this again. Please let this be the one." But it's all effortless. We're two souls who have done this dance a thousand times before. And I don't mean that literally, I mean figuratively. When we met, our connection was instant, our attraction distinct and mutual, our relationship not surprising and yet endlessly surprising.       

She stops to kiss me. She tells me to stand up and hug her. She holds me tight around the neck, she has to stand a bit on her toes, even though we're not too different in height. I lift her up slightly by her waist with one arm. My other hand caresses her side. I can feel her breathing right in my ear. "I have to go."      

"No. No you don't."      

"It's getting late. And he'll be here soon."      

"I want you to stay." She breaks the embrace to face me. I can see her face is already turning a pale red, because she's about to cry. "I... Want you."      

"This all happened so fast. I haven't had any time to think."       

"You're going to regret this." And I cringe inside, because I think that may have been where I screwed up. But she doesn't seem to think much of it. She only shakes her head a bit and kisses me again, longer this time.      

I'm out of ideas. "I wouldn't normally be so blunt," or who knows, maybe I would, "But please break up with him."      

She's silent, she keeps glancing around, "You have no idea how happy you make me." She manages a smile after she says this.      

"Then please?" She looks like she's about to cry again. I grab her face and kiss her. It's passionate and desperate, she falls into the kiss, but it feels like she's trying to fall out of it. So I relax my hands.      

"I'll text you." She walks away and doesn't look back. We've missed the sunset. I stay sitting at the beach, occasionally looking down at my phone.      

11:57. "Driving up with him back to school. Staying for the weekend. I'm so sorry."     

I try with all my might through the tears to see if I can hold onto something, anything. Two minutes. Some detail. One detail. One minute. One thing. One word. But I love you doesn't fit in one word. I'm out of time.       

I wake up in the chair, my eyes teared up. The engineer looks up from his book from the viewing area. "Again?" Never give up on something you can't live a day without, I think. But what if it has to be the same day that you live?      

I wipe away the tears. And I nod. Darkness again.