My last day on earth, I confronted the man that had assaulted my daughter. I remember calmly walking into his home and shooting his wife in the leg; I asked him how it felt when someone brought harm to the people he loves. I remember understanding, as I snapped his dog's neck, how a person could justify harming something innocent as long as they had the right passions. The next thing I remember was the knife in my back. I suppose I should have done more than shoot his wife in the leg.  


I remembered the light that came afterwards, and the peace it brought. It felt wonderful. The pain of seeing my daughter come in with her clothes torn and her nose bloodied, the guilt that I should have been more careful, the seething desire for vengeance that made my skin crawl - it all washed away, and I felt like I could finally rest. That's what made it so heartbreaking when I heard the voice. "I'm sorry", the voice said, paternal and somehow familiar, and the light left.   


I thought all that was left for me was the cold darkness that followed, until I heard the other voice: "I have a proposition for you." I would never get back to the light, but I could keep the darkness at bay as long as I came when needed. A jilted ex-lover would give her ability to love others to see their former beloved harmed; a cult in North Dakota was ready to offer their blood to start the End of Days; a senator was willing to give their soul if they could just win their election runoff. I came, I fulfilled their bargains, and then I took whatever essence of themselves they were offering and bought myself a few days' time away from the darkness.   


There were three rules. I could never take more than what was offered. Nor could I ever take any less - once the deal was struck, the price always had to be paid. Finally, no deals would be struck with those too young to understand the implications of striking a bargain. The rules had been relatively easy to adhere to - until she called.  


I appeared in her bedroom, between what looked like a preserved birthday candle and Disney princess flashlight. She stood before me in her pajamas, her eyes still puffy from the tears. Her hands, trembling, held onto a stuffed bear that had definitely seen better days. Her bangs were overgrown and messily fell down over her eyes. She reminded me of Claire, when she was that age.   


"You're far too young to be striking a bargain, little girl." I kept my tone cold, distant. She looked me directly in the eyes, undeterred.   


"No one else will help me." The sniffles betrayed her otherwise steely resolve. "Teacher doesn't believe me. The policeman said he couldn't do anything. I even tried praying to God, and he hasn't done anything yet."  


I remembered the light for a moment. "I'm sure he's sorry. And so am I. I can't help-"  


"Sarah!" the voice was harsh, brazen - hungry for something. "I told you to clean this fuckin' kitchen! You think this shithole is even close to clean? I'm gonna have to come up there and..." the rest of it was a slurred mess, but its intent was no less clear for it.  


She looked at me again. Now her whole body was shaking. "Please," she begged. "I'll give anything. Just don't let him come upstairs tonight." I felt something then, rushing and warm, and I was worried in her desperation the bargain had somehow been struck. But she was still whole. And I was going to keep it that way.  


"I cannot strike a bargain with you, child. But I will help you."  


I was there standing before him as soon as I finished the sentence. He stumbled back a few steps before throwing a beer can through me. "Who the fuck are you supposed to be?" His voice was wrathful, suspicious, demanding - and it hid a slight tremble. For all their bluster, men like him were always weak - never willing to do the work to get what they wanted. "I already paid rent this month!"  


I watched his face contort as the pain shot through every inch of his body. "I am the inheritance you would have left your daughter. And your debts are far from paid." Once his body went limp and the spark faded from his eyes, I felt the darkness surround me.   


The voice was stern, but seemed mildly amused. "You broke the rules. She offered nothing for what you did."  


"I failed someone like her once before. I wasn't going to let it happen again."  


"You realize this ends our arrangement."  


"Then I should have made him suffer more before ending it." The voice offered a deep laugh, and then I was left to the darkness again. I've been here ever since.  


I wonder how she's doing.  


&#x200B;