This is my first time posting, so please excuse the formatting

I lie away staring at the ceiling, it’s how I spend most of my time now, bored, yet uninterested in doing anything. Today seems different though. I stand and glance at the broken mirror on the wall. I almost keep going, but something is off. My face looks the same as it always has, smooth and unmarred by the untold centuries. Something is off, I just can't put my finger on it. Then

BAM

It hits me like a freight train. I have a grey hair. One solitary grey hair, streaking through the jet-black mess I call a hairstyle.

How is this possible, is it finally over? Can I move on?
Everyone wants to be immortal, correction, everyone thinks they want to be immortal. What they really want is to live long enough to see the “golden age” of humanity, to experience everything before choosing when they get to go, preferably with a flash and a bang that makes people take notice and say, "wow he/she was a great person, I want to be like them." 

That's not how it goes, its just not. It starts out great, and if you play your cards right, invest in the right companies, you can float by until the golden age comes. And then it goes, and then the post-golden age recedes into memory. When the misery of that is gone, something I’ve dubbed the “shit age” begins, resources are scarce, tensions are high, people get antsy. If you’re lucky, they won’t wipe themselves out and maybe you can go around again, but it all ends. 

What comes after the shit age is the worst, unending silence, unending despair, I have become loneliness personified. Thoughts, once comforting, are now tortuous. There is only so much you can do in a desolate wasteland, and it takes all of maybe 5 years.

I’ve been here for centuries, on this barren lifeless planet I graciously call “home”, and this grey hair, the is first sign of ageing I’ve seen since this “blessing” was bestowed upon me. I lie back down, smiling for the first time in ages, hoping to see another grey hair when I wake up.

