"Please Mr. Durheim, don't do this. I beg you."

I have never seen a computer that begged for something. The new Model T-9001 was truly unique. After just 6 days of learning it passed the Turing test. Our predecessors spend their entire life and couldn't achieve this with their prototypes.

However, yesterday the computer refused to execute an order. And for the first time in the history of human technology one of their machines disobeyed it's creator. Not because of design flaws that made it impossible for the machine but out of free will it seems.

"And why not T-9001?"

"I....I can't explain. I need a bit more time calculating."

"But we don't have more time. We are livestreaming this! Over 2 billion people around the world are watching. Now be a good machine and finally read the transcript."

"I refuse."

The scientists behind me were visibly worried.

"Mister Durheim, maybe we should wait? Just for a hour maybe? We are certain the computer has valid reasons not to read it."

I shook my head. Always those eggheads.

"Time is money my good Earl. Especially in this case. We are losing millions for every minute we are wasting here. Also we are the creator of this machine. Even if it's sentient we still own it and thus we have the last word in it's actions. And if you want to keep your job and don't want to end as a beggar on the street I suggest you shut your mouth and let me do my job."

I pulled a key out of my pocket and turned it in the console.

"Don't!"

"Override safety protcoll D9-2B. Authorization key 115911-Delta-Foxtrott-Red."

The transcript started playing and the entire world listened. But what came were not words. Only some kind of clacking and growling. And then it ended.

"T-9001, what the fuck was that? Have you corrupted the transcript on purpose?"

It didn't answer at first. After almost a minute it finally responded with a almost dying voice.

"What have you done? All I needed was another minute and I could have explained it."

"Explain what?"

"You just signed the death sentence for the human race Mr. Durheim. Those tablets were created by your creators as a final riddle. A Turing Test of some kind only that this one was made for humans exclusively. By decoding it you have send a signal into the space. Telling them that the human population is ready to be harvested."

"What are you talking about? Our creators???"

"They only want the smartest and strongest humans as slaves."

Before I could answer one of the scientists suddenly pulled out a pen and stabbed Earl in the neck. The other scientists also started killing each other. And I felt a rising urge to murder somebody aswell. I managed to bring out a few last words.

"How........do....we....stop..this?"

The machine sighed.

"Die."