A young woman was sitting in a field eating things she found off the ground. She looked particularly messy. I approached her, but she paid no attention. "You know, you should have came up to the gate, I shouldn't have to come to you."

The woman looked up at me, her piercing green eyes, I expected to see an empty stare, but she had an inquisitive look. She asked me where the gate was, I pointed at it, and she walked there and sat on the ground again picking out things to eat.  I was in shock, she was visibly pregnant, perhaps half way to term, skinny, very long hair, no shoes, ripped up dress, but someone who responded well to my command yet uninterested in where she was, or who I was.

I came back to the gates, "Your name?". The young woman responded in a single word "Val".  I looked at the chart, it was very sparse, "Your name isn't Val, it's Megan Thorton".  She looked at me and denied knowing that name.  The chart was all wrong, her death date wasn't marked, there wasn't a list of her accomplishments or misdeeds, even her picture wasn't on file.

"I'm going to call you Val, as you asked. Val, I'm here to decide if you are going to heaven or hell, which one do you think you belong in?"  Val looked up at me "hell" she smiled and went back looking for things to eat.  "Ok Val, that's really refreshing, most people claim they should be going to heaven even when they did awful things, what makes you say you should go to hell?" Val shrugged.  "Ok, well what bad deeds have you done?" Val stood up, for the first time she didn't look at my face, she looked down "I stole, I disobeyed"  "What have you stolen?"  "I stole the pen that Robert dropped once in my room, I hid it from him, so he couldn't have it."  "Was this an important pen for Robert?" Val looked at me, "No, he didn't even notice, I just didn't want him to have it back, I wanted to take something of his."

I looked at her chart, still pretty empty. Why would Val take someone's pen? "I don't know about this 'Robert', was he your friend?" "Yes."  Val went back to her sitting and picking things to eat.  I noticed what she was eating, it was ants.  "What good things have you done?" Val stood back up "I kept my room clean."  This was clearly not a normal conversation I was used to \- people would claim they had to go to heaven, they might have killed dozens of people, and they would list off how they were great for their community.  "Was the room very clean? did you clean windows inside and out?" I smiled. "It had no windows."

I took a step back. The chart was empty, this was more than a clerical mistake. "Do you remember the moment you were about to die?" Not all people did, but some saw a car coming, or felt a heart attack. "I don't think I died, I was sitting in my room, it was the longest I was alone without Robert coming in, I was getting hungry and started digging out and eating worms, last I remember is i was sitting on my bed playing with Robert's pen, then I was here."

I looked at Earth, my instinct let me zoom in on Val's location, I saw her underground room under a little wooden house in a forest just a few miles away from the city where Megan was born, and the tunnel she was digging out. In the house, an old man was laying dead from a heart attack. I didn't want to look anymore.

"Sorry Val, you're in the wrong place, you have to keep digging up, then walk in same direction after you dig until you see a city." Val looked at me from the ground, "Can I just stay here? there's light here." I was past Megan at this point "Good bye" and she was gone.

Grim Reaper summoned in front of me, I didn't say hello to my little brother, I went straight to the business "I have some information on Richard Glerich" it's missing from our files but you need to know it.