Twenty days. Less than a month. Less than a month, and everything was so different. Some days, it was hard to even remember how it had been before. 

The wood groaned softly as she shifted, so she froze in the darkness. She'd stayed out too long, and had to hide in an overturned wagon. She could see the outline of the house- all the lights were off. But, she'd waited too long, and now it was dark. She blinked several times to stop the tears forming, and tried to choke down the panic rising in her chest. Too damn long. Stupid, stupid, stupid. She inhaled slowly, and tried to regulate her breathing. It was hard not to instinctually breath too shallow, in an attempt to stay as quiet as possible.

Gingerly, she reached a trembling hand up to the top of her head and gently slid the goggles down over her eyes. The world flickered back into focus, albeit, in black and white. Was that- yes, Dad was standing out front of the door. Could he see her? It looked like he had his gogg- she stifled a sigh of relief as he slowly put a hand up to his side in a fist. Stay put. He could see her, or at least knew where she was. Why had she waited so damn long?

It was so silent out that her heartbeat sounded like thunder in her ears. Rationally, she knew that wasn't the case, but it was more difficult than one would think to quench the fear that you were being too conspicuous. A malicious presence, heavy on the air, slowly settled around her, and things somehow became even more still. Something was wrong. She realized she was holding her breath, and forced herself to breathe slowly and deeply while staring at Dad, who had also frozen, not even raising his gun. Something was very wrong. 

The back of her neck began to pickle and tingle, as her subconscious brain alerted her to something nearby. She'd learned to listen to that feeling over the past few weeks. Something was wrong, and she could feel it in the air. Her stomach felt like a brick of ice, and her skin had a chill, despite it being a warm summer night. She was afraid to even turn her head, or move her now tingling leg. Why had she settled in such a stupid position? Stupid, stupid, stupid.

She couldn't tear her eyes off of her father until Devin's head slowly bobbed into view on the roof to his left. What- he smoothly slung a long, slim object off of his shoulder, and appeared to lay down. The rifle. This was bad. Somehow, worse than she'd thought. Bad things never seemed real until perspective was forced. This was very bad.

She'd never been more terrified in her life. She could hardly breath, eyes locked on the house, and her father, who was frozen stock still. She could feel a malicious presence, somehow. She didn't know where it was, or even really, what it was. But it was there. And, it knew she was, too. Dead silence. Dad's hand slowly opened, turned, and made a slow beckoning gesture. 

No. She wanted to cry. No, no, no. No way. It was too far. No. No. Her lip trembled as she slowly reached back and tightened her backpack straps. She froze. She felt like prey. This must be what mice in those old science videos felt like right before being eaten alive by a snake. She was paralyzed with fear. No. She felt like her bones were cold- she, unhyperbolically, was bone-chillingly terrified. That was a new sensation. No. 

Dad's gesture became quicker, and she saw Devin shift slightly toward the top of her peripheral vision. No. The feeling of hateful fear was almost overwhelming, now. She could feel it, pressing down on her, from all sides. She'd stayed out way too long. Something was so, so wrong. She was too far. She was too far. Stupid. Stupid, stupid. Her body was shaking. Fear, or adrenaline, she couldn't tell, probably both. 

Dad's whole hand was flapping urgently now. They needed the medicine. Worth the risk, they'd decided. But that was then, and it'd been too far. She felt like her eyelids were peeling back, and she was paralyzed. She felt as if a massive weight was crushing her chest, like she was stuck in a giant vice. Her body was trembling like a mouse, and she couldn't stop. Too long. She felt like prey. Stupid. She was prey. No. No. 

Dad beckoned urgently with his whole arm, then raised his gun. Now. Now, she had to go now. If she was going to go, it had to be now. Devin's a good shot. Dad's got a pump. Now's the time. No. No, no, no. The wagon creaked slightly as she hurled herself to her feet. Three hundred yards, max. 

Her legs were churning faster than they ever had before. State semifinalist, twice in a row. The wind roared by her ears, as she veritably flew towards the house. Joey had clocked her at twenty three once, last year. Her feet were barely touching the ground- she felt so light. Her fear made her legs pump even harder. Closer. She was rapidly closing. She felt like something was right behind her. 

All she could hear was the wind. All she could see was a blur of white and gray, and the pitch black opening of the door. And Dad. And Dad? Sprinting towards her, raising the gun and- BOOM. Devin had shot the rifle. This was bad, this was so bad. BOOM. Again. 

BOOM. Dad fired the shotgun off to her right. People were yelling, now. Dad. She couldn't hear, or understand them. BOOM. A third shot from the rifle, and she felt a blast and a whistle a few feet to the left of her head. So close. Waited too long. She pumped her arms and legs as fast and hard as she could. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. 

One hundred yards. BOOM. She heard a muffled, animalistic grunt behind her, and finally all the fear she'd been keeping clamped inside bubbled out. BOOM. She screamed. BOOM. 

BOOM. BOOM. She was so close, nearly out of her mind in terror. BOOM. Nothing existed except the door. BOOM, BOOM. Someone screamed. She realized that it wasn't her. BOOM, BOOM. BOOM. Someone screamed from another direction. BOOM. She screamed, and flung herself across the threshold, diving over the couch.

Silence. She huddled behind the couch, shaking in fear. Dead silence. Slowly, she sat up and peaked over the edge of the couch, to the open door. Dad? Where was he? That door needed to be closed. She wouldn't leave them, though. They hadn't left her. It was so still, suddenly. She gently slid the backpack off, and got into a squat to go check the door.

A massive shape blackened the door opening, as it silently moved inside. No. The door creaked softly as it closed. Took too damn long. The door clicked shut. Stupid, stupid, stupid. 

Edit: a word

Edit 2: another word to clarify Devin's location