"Mary," Joseph startles. "Are we alone?"

They peruse the crash site. That was the first space craft harbouring a gololite beacon to show up on their planet.

"You should die Joseph," Mary says.

"That's beside the point," Joseph replies.

Joseph was 234 years old and Mary was 22. They hated each other's guts.

"There's the gololite beacon!" Joseph says. They rush toward a small bush fire and put it out. Under the ashes lay the beacon. Unscathed. "This is our big break!"

"Get a life Joseph," Mary rolls her eyes. "You brought me to this planet just for a gololite beacon? We got tones on them at Ulua! This trip was pointless."

Joseph ignores Mary and excitedly picks up the beacon. It fits into both his hands.

"With this we're going to be able to access the underground layer in the main Grillite room on planet Zulus and end the war."

"You've seen the war long enough Joseph. Don't you think it's time for you to let it go and let us take over the work?" Mary says. "You've been around for two centuries for crissake. YOU-NEED-TO-DIE."

"I will once we complete the mission. I brought you here because there is something I want to share with you that I cannot share with anyone else," Joseph starts.

Mary shifts her gaze from the beacon to Joseph's youthful face. It hadn't aged in 180 years thanks to Iulu Corp's fountain of youth formula.

"Zulus is where I was commissioned before the war began. The Establishment wanted to take over the rest of the star system but they met heavy resistance from my home planet. Asselpo. We drove them out and now we have to destroy their Grillite reactor with Gions from this beacon. The reason you're here with me is because you have been encoded with instructions that can bypass Zulus security systems. Mary, you're the only on in our platoon who can breach the Grillite room."

"I'm not sure about this," Mary says. "I just started my training."

"You're our only hope. The Establishment has no mercy. Do this for the future of Ulua," Joseph tries to convince Mary but she seems too shaken by the idea of breaking into the Grillite room on Zulus alone. "We'll discuss more when we get back to our ship."

"Got ya," She says bravely. "And when we're done with the mission were gonna discuss YOUR death."

Joseph and Mary laugh as they leave the desert planet. :)