Toran had heard the call described by the others. 

Some said it felt like a pull, a magnet that dragged you in the direction of the weapon you were born to wield. Others heard a soft yet insistent whisper, a product of the magic that coated each of the numerous hammers, swords, daggers and bows that decorated the hall.

He found himself passing the platforms where Mjonir and Excalibur awaited those worthy to bear their weight. He winced to see countless warriors already spilling one another's blood to inherit those legendary weapons for this generation, fighting to the death in the middle of the hall to prove their skill. 

He passed the lesser weapons, each still attracting substantial crowds. He walked until his feet ached, until he came to the dusty corner of the hall - the whisper in his mind had grown to an almost unbearable crescendo. 

An old man was napping beside a shelf filled with dusty jars. Toran shook him awake gently, wondering if someone had already taken the weapon calling to him. The man's eyes snapped open and widened to see the unscarred face of a young warrior staring down at him. 

Could it be - a worthy warrior to take the weapon from his care this generation? It had been too long. Too many years to count.

"You are young," the caretaker said, a quiver in his voice as he smiled. "Good, that's good. This weapon is often only useful to those who master it in their youth. Rest assured, young man, it will serve you well if you learn to apply it throughout your years. Yes, indeed. You will live longer than all your foes. Look at me. I once wielded it myself, and I'm still alive, aren't I?"

The old man cackled, revealing an almost toothless mouth. Toran couldn't help but grin - the old codger must be approaching a century's worth of years.

"Where is it?" he asked, almost expecting the man to pull a weapon from beneath his ratty cloak. 

"There," the man said, pointing to the dusty jar on the shelf. "Just inhale it, and it will enhance the affinity you have for the weapon you carry already."

Toran resisted rolling his eyes at the old man's vague mumbo jumbo, bitterly disappointed that he couldn't have a physical weapon. It was all he'd dreamt of since his boyhood. But the old man had such a eager glimmer to his rheumy blue eyes that he found himself picking up the jar. He should just humour the old guy.

Feeling extraordinarily foolish, Toran tipped the contents into his mouth. There was a faint type of smoke writhing inside. A trick, that's what this was. A cruel trick to play on those not worthy of inherting Mjonir or Excalibur...

He blinked as the world swam around him, and then solidified once again. The old man was grinning at him, and Toran felt a wave of affection for the caretaker. 

How could he have thought this was some joke? He didn't know the man well enough to draw that conclusion. He didn't know anything at all, really. There was so much to understand about the world, about the warriors he would face in battle one day. His foes? Why did he simply accept they were his foes? Why were the others spilling their blood over some piece of metal further down the hall?

Why?

"I see it in your eyes," the man said, his grin fading slightly as he grew serious. "The compassion. Good luck, my young friend. You're going to need it. It can be a rather lonely weapon to bear."

--------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.