He sighed, diverting his gaze to the old, large black box of a digital clock that sat on the far-left corner of his mahogany desk.  Its fading red digits blinked quickly as the numbers changed; 06:59.  The briefing would start in a minute, and the odd sense of distaste and anxiety kept creeping with the tightening anticipation; Second Lieutenant Graham "Grammy" Smith supposedly had thought of something every strategist, political mastermind, and special agent, analyst had overlooked.  A kid whose boots never even touched foreign soil was supposedly gonna change the whole strategy.  A kid whose birthname sounded like a goddamned apple.  

"Sick fucks for parents," he muttered under his breath, "to name a kid that."

A snarl  flickered across his face as he retraced his glance over his desk.  Hundreds of documents in neat stacks covered its surface, a few pages of his current reading laid in disarray - he knew what a sword was - apparently every major contractor out there jumped on board for weapons design for the criteria of war, though, and congress couldn't decide on what was best for approval for purchase, because their soft, shitty bodies had never seen a real battle.  A laugh escaped him as his eyes lazily crept to his left breast; the four stars and heavy steel conglomerate of accolades... this whole mission was unbelievable.  From North Korea making the statement it did, to congress declaring war in an act of defiance and nationalism, to the strategy devised as a means of deliverance... none of it was conventional.  And here was, going to be advised by a second Lieutenant with just as much true combat experience as the idiot congressmen who decided on the war to begin with. 

He glanced back at the clock: Still 06:59.  Just a few seconds before the impending distraction could be quickly dismissed, and he could get back to planning.  The use of archaic warfare technologies was unanimously agreed upon as being the best way to approach it; no bullets, got it.  Laser tech wasn't where it needed to be, and bombs were supposedly off-limits per the Secretary of State, with disarmament and minimization of civilian casualties in Pyongyang being top priorities of the masses.  If he had his way, he'd have just demolished the entire city; its industrious look was all a facade of empty buildings, anyways, and the few civilians so miserable and so oppressed they often killed themselves when given real freedoms and the truth of the world.  There was no need to waste this much money and put so many good soldiers to risk.  But that's bureaucracy.  And politics is all about looking good, not necessarily being good.  He reclined, taking a deep breath, the back of his balding head softly touching the high back of his leather desk chair.  He just wanted to serve his country, and he took his role all the way to General out of that desire to keep doing good.  The camaraderie of the soldier's life, and the notions of doing good just seemed to fade as he climbed more and more, though.  Maybe he should just retire.  He glanced to a "then and now" picture of him and his wife.  Maybe when this is all over.

The flicker of the clock caught his attention as it struck 07:00.  A knock at the door made him jump slightly, as much as he was expecting the company.  He called them in.

The two agents in their stiff suits and sunglasses brought the poor sap in.  Graham "Grammy" Smith's face was dotted with acne.  How new was this guy?  It wasn't right to send someone like that into such a brutal onslaught.  They should have used violent prisoners instead.  That was a good idea.  He'd need to write it down.  

The formalities and salutes were exchanged.  The poor kid looked like he was about to shit himself.  His hat was slightly crooked.

"So, supposedly you have quite a bold statement to make that'll be upsetting our plans for engagement."

"General Shaw, Sir, if I may speak candidly..." Smith trailed.

"Granted, and just cut to the chase.  I'm not in the mood or mind right now to beat around the bush and deal with stupid nuances in the plan.  I have a lot of work left to do.  So far we don't even know what weapons we're bringing in just yet, and they need to start getting produced as quickly as possible."  

Smith's demeanor eased, his shoulders visibly loosening, though his pupils dilated even further.  

"Sir, if I understand correctly, we're launching one of the biggest invasions in the modern era on Pyongyang, right?"  Smith's Adam's apple quivered slightly.  He hoped Shaw didn't mind the question.

"Uhuh," replied Shaw nonchalantly.  "I'm hoping you didn't come all this way to ask that."  He let a lick of sarcasm through.  "I'm on the edge of my seat waiting for you to upend the whole operation."

"Well, okay, sir," Smith continued.  "I guess I've really come to just say that our plans aren't any good."

Shaw laughed.  "Are you suggesting that the fight will not be fair?  Of course it won't.  Everyone knows it isn't going to be.  The number of troops we're sending is so big only because it's most-likely going to minimize losses best by hopefully defeating the DPRK before they can properly establish defenses.  We also know we have more, capable soldiers.  I tried to warn them and tell our congress the same.  All they see are violations of human rights in a foreign country and think it's our job to clean it up.  If you came here to tell me that you're scared and surprised, just go home."  He felt done with this exchange, and walked back around the large mahogany desk to continue looking at specs for swords.  Supposedly this sword with ten million folds in the steel would be stronger than the others.

Smith stammered for a moment.  "S-sir I don't mean that.  It's that I just think we'll win a ground war for nothing.  From the perspective of the citizens, our assault will only verify that we're primitive in our technology and means of declaring war.  The citizens won't get inspired from men in armored suits charging gloriously into battle to overthrow a rogue leader.  They'll see them as homicidal maniacs charging into a more-developed society like savages.  All the propaganda... it'll be true.  They'll still be living in the lie and in the world they were before, at least for a while.  All those dead men.  We'll be the enemy to the people, at home and abroad."



