I'm here sitting at the surveillance terminal situated dead-center of my office, with monitors displaying every single corridor leading to every single vault this bank is responsible for. One day, something out of the ordinary happened. 

"I don't want to point any fingers but we really need to get to the bottom of this post-haste. Now, I know your not one to lie, it says so right here in your bio. If that is the case, then might I ask you a few questions so we can get this all sorted out?"

"Surely, do as you must."

"Mark T. Ruth, was it now? I know you've been hard at work but, how does an entire fortune disappear before your very eyes? Seems like utter carelessness for someone of your position"

"But detective, my eyes were fixated on the treasury the entire time. Not once had I looked away, not even for one moment and for you to say such is absolutely absurd."

It had never left my sight. In fact, right beneath the counter of the control panel my feet were propped up upon millions in gold and silver.

"Okay, well if you didn't see any activity how would you suggest someone bypass the high-end security you have set up?"

"If someone wanted to do that, I'd suppose they'd have to disrupt the security systems, and I did not notice any changes to the cameras."

I couldn't, for all of them were frozen during the time of the incident.

"This is sounding to me like one tough cookie here. Now Ruth, I'm going to need for you to cooperate with me here. What would it take for someone to gain access to the vaults?

"There are card keys designed to open their respective vaults and they are all located on the card rack in the banker's division."

I would know, I've been there lately.

"Hmmm. Alright, let's head over to retrieve a card key and inspect the scene of the crime."

So we did. 

Inside the vault was what appeared to be a half eaten sandwich, one from the kitchen on the first floor. I was hungry that day.

"Just as I suspected, this has to be an inside job. It appears to me that one of your associates played folly with you and is now in possession of irreplaceable bullion. Thank you for your time, but I really need to get to the bottom of this. Take care."

The next day I lounged in the main lobby as I watched one of my fellow workers get arrested before my very eyes.

My eyes that never lie.

P.S. Sorry for my third grade writing I'm new to this.