Just My Luck

I don't even like to gamble yet I found myself compelled to put a dollar in the slot machine. Something about the way that smiling tiger winked at me from his glorious HD display told me that this was the one. I was at Las Vegas McCarran on a layover from Denver to Portland and searching for a restroom when I was seduced by it's furry allure.

I elbowed my way into the throng of weary travelers perched like insatiable birdies at their tall glasses of water perpetually hitting spin until they are snapped back to reality by their stunning loss to the house for the umpteenth time. The ticking of the clock now measured more appropriately in hours rather than minutes I realized I only had 15 minutes to get to my gate. I also had to pee like a racehorse. 

I had been playing only $.01 lines to maximize my odds and time-wasting and noticed I had turned my measly $1 into a whopping $7.28. I hit bet $5 to quickly execute the monotonous grind when, to my utter disbelief, all the bells and whistles go off as all columns fill with roaring winking tigers. It was as if time slowed down as a small crowd began to gather while my imagination ran wild with thoughts of being independently wealthy for the rest of my left. 

Overjoyed I began to search hurriedly for the authorities to cash in. I guess my first major purchase will be another flight to Portland since there was no way I was making my flight. Gamm Gamm's funeral wasn't for another two days so I could catch a later flight without missing this somber occasion.

As I spot the gaming attendants heading my way I eagerly start jaunting toward them without looking and immediately trip over someone's luggage. I'm struck fatally by an electric cart full of nuns. In the onslaught of noise and habits one sister gently lays my head in her lap. 

"I regret stopping at the slot machine instead of going to the bathroom. I'm terribly sorry," I then wet myself and die feebly while the sister mutters the Apostolic Pardon under her breathe. 

"Through the holy mysteries of our redemption may almighty God release you from all punishments in this life and in the life to come. May he open to you the gates of paradise and welcome you to everlasting joy." 

Everything goes black. I begin to hear Gamm Gamm call my name. 

"Jaimeeeeee... Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey!"

I open my eyes and realize I'm in the guest bedroom of Gamm Gamm's 55+ condo for active seniors. I'm terribly confused.  I vividly remember both me and Gamm Gamm dying unexpectedly just moments ago.  I smell the salty goodness of pork frying in the cast iron skillet and like a zombie after brains I involuntarily climb out of bed and shamble down the stairs in full feety pajamas. 

I stand shyly in the dining room just out of sight of the kitchen. I hear the spit of the bacon and the percolator in the coffee machine hiss and boil. Stunned, I sit silently at one of the seats with placemats. The table already set with fresh squeezed orange juice condensing in my favorite Snoopy glass. 

Gamm Gamm walks in and with a plate full of scrambled eggs and crisp delicious bacon. I realize I'm starving. She sets the plate in front of me and I begin to stuff my face. Gamm Gamm sits with her cup of coffee and smiles at my with all her maternal glory and love. 

"Eat up darling. You'll need the energy where you're going."

I stop eating and just stare at her. I knew this was too good to be true. This was just a preliminary holding area for where I really belong. The lake of fire. 

"No silly you're not going to Hell."

"How do you know what I was thinking? Get out of my brain! You're not Gamm Gamm. What is this place?"

She ignores my question and just sips her coffee and encourages me to devour plate after plate of my favorite breakfast foods. She'd contentedly served me everything I love. Flapjacks. Corned beef and hash. Pop tarts. The only thing I refused to eat were the Frosted Flakes. Tony just gave me the creeps. 

After what felt like hours of binge eatingand never filling full, Gamm Gamm told me it was time to get ready. 

"For what?" I ask.

"It's your birthday, silly. And I've got the greatest gift for you. Now go upstairs and put on your birthday suit and open your gift" 

I eye her suspiciously over Tony's leering stare from his box of sugar coated wheat and feel nothing but love and trust. I leave my brunch buffet and cautiously go to the guest bedroom and close the door silently. There's an oversized gift box in the middle of the room wrapped in luxurious, brightly covered paper and ribbons. 

I approach the gift-wrapped nightmare and quietly unzip and step out of my onsie as birthday suit can mean only one thing. I slowly pull the ribbons apart and the box falls open. I'm completely surrounded in darkness again and feel a tremendous pressure in my head. I felt as if I had been folded in half and permanent pressed like a collared shirt at the dry cleaners. I'm wet and everything smells like rubbing alcohol and iodine.

I can't believe it. I'm at my emergency c-section but this time I'm fully aware that I'm being ripped from my mother's womb. I begin to cry instantly with joy to the delight of my parents and the medical staff. 

We've all had this fantasy. To go back and make things better and make different decisions. This was the greatest gift. Gamm Gamm was right. 

I sail through my resurrected life with the greatest of ease. Knowing all the twists and turns I was able to navigate playground bullies and puberty with the utmost grace with zero teen angst or anxiety and the confidence of a mediocre white man. I avoided the bicycle accident that injured my knee permanently killing my track and field career. I avoided my high school sweetheart who broke my heart. I earned better grades so I could go to college right out the gate this time instead of night classes after my fast food job. No wasted parties and skipped classes this time.

In my second adulthood I was successful. I was wealthy. And most importantly I was truly happy. And then it happened. Gamm Gamm dies, just like she did before. 

I don't even like to gamble yet I found myself compelled to put a dollar in the slot machine. Something about the way that smiling tiger winked at me from his glorious HD display told me that this was the one. I was at Las Vegas McCarran on a layover from Denver to Portland and searching for a restroom when I was seduced by it's furry allure...

