The Wolf with the Scars
There was an lone wolf With scars upon it’s face. It was a very cold night in Alaska,One night there was big storm a blizzard swept through Alaska. During the storm you could hear the many packs of wolves. Dringo Pack, which is pack of 10 wolves, were one of the smallest packs of wolves in the area. Their land runs from Howling Hills to Dead’s Pit.This very small territory to own this area is known for not having a lot of animals to survive. Then the Wolf Pack Raptor, This pack is up to 15 Wolves with Alpha Male and Alpha Female running this pack for nearly 10 years.They are the second biggest and the fastest pack in all Alaska. Their territory is from end of Deep Pit to the tops of mountain Thrasher. The biggest Pack Dranko, has up to 25 wolves. They are the strongest pack. The Alpha Male and female been leading the pack for 5 years. The Beta Male Wolf Is a white wolf with a black ring with slash's coming out of black fur around his eye. He was the last remaining of past Alpha Male of the pack. His father and mother both died of old age which left the pack to the new Alpha Male and female.
The Pack Dranko, started to invade the Raptor Pack territory. The Raptor pack had sent two wolves to scan the invading pack to make sure they're not doing anything. As the Pack Dranko started to kill some elk and feed the pack, the Alpha male and female was eating, As the white beta wolf approaches the kill, the Alpha’s started to growl and guard the kill. The white wolf thought it was game, so he reacted in a playing matter so he jump up to play. The Alpha male took this as a challenge so he attacked the white wolf biting his ear. As the white wolf felt his attack, he started to run. The Alpha male got to him, he attacked him biting his paw causing him to be injured. The Alpha Male Howls for Other pack and that start attacking him. As the Alpha Male swiped his paw at him causing three claw marks. One going from forehead down, one going from his eye down, and one going across his nose. White Wolf is now branded, with three scars of banishment from Pack Dranko. The white wolf fled from the Pack and the territory of Raptors as he ran for days. He slowly was becoming hungry  as he stopped in the Land of Howling Hills Heart of Pack Dringo. He saw pure white Elk, as he got ready to attack the Elk. The Elk moved closer to him like it was making sure it was easy prey. White Wolf jumps at it to kill it then his jaws clamped down around the Elk's neck killing it.
The White Wolf with his freshly killed Elk he Started to eat it as he rip piece of the flesh off he eat feeling his strength come back. Then he Saw young White And Grey Wolf pup that is about one year old. Approaching him as white Wolf starts to guard its kill from the wolf he smell the Wolf Pack Dringo on the young wolf with other smell of Unknown wolves. White Wolf slowly Allowed the Young one to eat some of the kill. After eating the wolf young wolf slowly approaches white wolf and start rubbing his head against. Has the young wolf Starts Howling And try to talk to the White Wolf, Young Wolf say We need to run it's dangerous here. I reply to the howls as he say Why? What happen to the Dringo Pack? What is this new smell?. Young wolf reply Dringo is all Dead… I'm only survival they left me go thinking i die. Who they? Said the white wolf. The Pack Call Blazing Fire. There heading to Pack Raptor and then Dranko. There trying claim all Alaska we need to run there still around. We need to warn Raptor and Dranko. Said the white wolf the young wolf Said Then we must hurry and warn them. They Both took off as the White wolf leads running as fast he can Digging deep down into his Wolf Instances. The young wolf looks behind them at the top of Howling Hills she see 20 Wolves and big Black Alpha there Then the Blazing Fire Alpha Howls as other wolves take off following him. We must hurry Fast as they both speed up trying gain as much ground in 2 days they reached Raptor territory. They quickly ran past the two Wolves that were scanning for other wolves as they gain closer to the Dranko Pack they heard the Black Alpha Wolf Howl the Howl Of Battle. As We heard Dranko Pack Respond with all three wolves Howling as So Do Raptor. The Black wolf Leads his Wolves into Battle. Finally White wolf See the Alpha Female and Male of Pack Dranko.
The Alpha Male Of Pack Dranko See the white wolf and runs towards him howling to attack. The white Wolf Lays down shows submission to the Alpha and howls to him I need Warn you! The Dranko Alpha would stop he kept charging So the White wolf knew what to do. He howls as Challenge for the Leadership of the Pack. The Alpha Male stop and Nods and accepts the challenge. The two wolves stand off As white wolf hear Whimpers and cries of Raptor pack wolves being attack from Blazing Fire, White wolf Charges first as the Dranko Leader waits. White wolf Attacks his nose clamping down hard as the Dranko leader whimpers then he rip out and attack his neck biting down as white wolf whimper biting his leg hard as then he bit his ears off. The Dranko Leader whimper from pain as it start to limp little the White wolf quickly took chance to bit his leg causing to snap and break then white wolf bit down on his nose. The Alpha Male of Dranko Whimpers and cries and surrenders to White Wolf. As the Battle end between the White wolf and Alpha Male of Dranko they Hear deathly howl scream from the Raptor Pack Leader as it got weaker and then gone. They Hear Loud and Deep Howl as the howl is Sound of Victory and Hear the other wolves howling for War. The Now New Alpha Of Dranko White Wolf Howls as to claim the pack. As they stand there waiting for the Blazing Fire Pack show there faces on the battlefield.
As the white wolf stood there looking over as he saw the Black Wolf coming from the woodwork. The Black Wolf howls and all twenty wolves come out also lining up on the battlefield. As White Wolf howls for battle all Dranko lined up beside him even the young female wolf is on his right side. The two alphas look at one another and both alphas howled that shaked Alaska. It was the loudest howl ever heard of both packs charged into battle Dranko twenty-five wolves facing off Blazing Fire twenty. They clash into one another with fierce BAM! Of heads colliding into other wolves heads as the Alpha White wolf charges forward towards the Black Alpha but when he tried to go for the black Alpha but the female Alpha stood in his way. Alpha female attacks the White wolf out nowhere. The young female Wolf attacks the attacking female and bites it in the neck badly wounding her as she lay on the ground. Both Alphas hears the cries and whimpers of both packs Nearly half of Blazing Fire pack are dead or wounded and can’t fight. All but ten Wolves Of Dranko pack can still fight. The Blazing Fire Alpha howls his pack to fall back as I do the same. Only the Alpha Males are left on the battlefield. The Two wolves Charge and collided into one another as blood drips from both wolves head as they start biting at the back of there neck and legs. Both wolves are becoming weaker and hurt  more as they both stand there. The Blazing Fire Alpha see the young female wolf coming to the White wolf and he charges after her. The White wolf is very hurt and tries stop him. As black Wolf gets closer and closer opening his mouth wide to clamp down on her. The White wolf dig down deep and runs past the black wolf to keep the young female wolf safe and he takes the bite from the black wolf. Then the white Wolf  pins down the black wolf, bites his neck causing the Black wolf to stop breathing. The white wolf stands up rubbing his bloody head against the young wolf head making sure she was okay. Then he howls as all the other wolves join in the howl. Even the Blazing fire Pack does. The ten remain blazing fire wolf pack lower their heads to white wolf as forgiveness and to let them in. He accepts them in the pack as full members of the pack. Pack Dranko owns all the lands in Alaska. No one has come near to trying take their land since the Blazing Fire pack nine years ago. White wolf and that young female wolf are now the Alphas and young female isn’t young. She is ten years old and having five young pups and the White wolf is nineteen years old. The Pack has grown from twenty to almost forty-five the biggest pack ever in Alaska. The White wolf lays down with his mate and his pups looking at the pack and says, “ They threw me to the Wolves but I returned leading the Pack.” This is my Legend. May the next generation follow in my footsteps as the next great Alpha.