Great why are they calling me?  I have been here in for years now just sitting and waiting and doing nothing.  

Those bastards ruined my life.  I was just a normal girl when 4 douches decided to play around with the book that forever changed me.  When I was a fledgling I had no choice but to feed on humans.  At first I tried to look normal, but then my best friend learned who I really was.  I didn’t know how she felt about him I was just doing what I needed to, but alas I fell my own dear friend stabbed me in the heart and I was soon dragged to hell.

These summons almost always go to more famous demons so I have no idea why they are calling me.  But I have to do what I have told as I now must serve Lucifer’s wishes.

“Ahhh number 8675309 please step up.”  I slowly walked over to Charon’s desk not exactly thrilled.  “You should be happy you get some surface time.  We have your old Earth body prepared and that is how you will appear to the one who summoned you.  Now do you have any questions?”

“Well yeah what exactly am I supposed to—-“

“Do???  Oh yes yes yes yes yes....we’ll suffice to say that is not how this works.  The lord calls, you go to the surface, the rest is your choice.  There is no guidebook just do what works and when the time is up, back you go.”  Charon then left me with a hearty chuckle.

I stepped into the portal and found myself in a house.  I heard this man yelling and kicking things around.  So I guess I am a maid for my first mission?  Man I wish given me a book or an instruction manual or something.  Then I heard a tiny voice.  I looked around the ramshackle room, it was dirty and not well kept.  The voice was under the bed.

“You came.”  I stood a little dumbfounded looking into the eyes of a 5 year old girl.  “Please help me.  My Dad is angry again and he will hurt me please don’t let him.”
She was so terrified but I didn’t understand.  How could this young girl summon a demon from hell.  I had to know.
“How did you call me?”  

“I tried many times praying to God to stop him from hurting me but I never got help.  So I tried calling the devil instead.”

The angry drunk voice got louder.

“Why should I help you?”

“Because I have lost my innocence.  He hurts me and touches me and I can’t get anyone to help me.  I called for you because the same thing happened to you.  Please Jennifer save me from him.”

I don’t know why but I felt the rage swell inside.  I wanted to help her but I wanted to hurt this man more.  My eyes became focused my reflexes calmed.

“Hide in the closet and no matter what happens you keep that door closed.  I will make your summon come true.”

The angry drunk man broke the door down and I let out a shriek that burned into his heart.  Everything seemed to slow as I ripped every part of his anatomy inside out.  I also used my new abilities to remove all evidence.

“Thank you!”  She ran over to hug me.

“No.”  I was never a fan of children.  Of course she hugged me anyway.  

“Can you stay?”