The Ganzodians were a fierce warrior race. Their rite of passage involved hunting down the legendary Space Phalax, a worm species that took root in moons and ate entire ships. They lived for a beautiful death. To a Ganzodian, there was nothing more shameful than being captured in battle. But Klaptac knew that to be false.

He had killed space pirates with his bare hands, conquered entire empires because he was bored, even once stopped a star from collapsing. And only now did he learn true fear. Lisa was the name of his devil. Snuggies was the name of his shame.

“Snuggies,” Lisa called, her tiny feet scampering up the stairs. “Where are you?”

Klaptac peeked out from under her bed, wondering what kind of torture contraption she had planned for him today. Back in his world, torturers were grim-faced and wielded axes or other various blades. On Earth, his tormenters smiled and hugged. Instead of blades, they had silk.

“Snuggies?” Lisa stepped into the room and began looking through her room. She opened the cabinets and checked the closets. “Where did he go?”

A tiny pink dress flashed through the air as she twirled to check under the blankets. Klaptac’s blood went cold. Literally. The Ganzodians were usually a warm-blooded species but could regulate their body’s temperature based on their emotions. Klaptac’s entire body went numb. A cold blue fear.

“Snuggies,” Lisa complained, her voice spiking. “Come on out wherever you are.”

A small bit of light caught Klaptac’s attention. His eyes darted toward it. Beyond her bedroom door was an outer gate that led to freedom. Right now, it was open! Summoning the same courage he once wielded to face the Space Phalax, he burst out his hiding spot with a mighty roar. His first leap took him halfway to the bedroom door, the second nearly got him out of his room. The sunlight was nearly close enough that he could reach out and grasp it!

“There you are!”

A stubby little hand grabbed him by his belly and lifted him up. His eyes widened and heart sank. Chills erupted from his body.

“Bad Snuggies,” Lisa said, “If you want to go potty, you have to use the potty bells. Let me grab your leash.”

Klaptac snapped his head toward Lisa. In his captivity  he had learned a few words from their language, one of them being *the leash*. That slightly uncomfortable weapon of shame cut to the core of his being.

“No, not the leash,” he begged, but she only stared back stupidly. She left to get it.

Klaptac took a deep breath. There was only one way to escape his situation and he dove into the pink dress she had originally brought for him. This was human ingenuity. This was human cruelty. They didn’t torture you, they made you torture yourself.

When Lisa came back up the stairs, she squealed and clapped her lands a little. “Oh my god, this is too cute. This is totally going on my…” Then, she said another word Klaptac had learned to hate. "Instagram."

---

/r/jraywang 