The only thing he could think in the last two weeks was that day. He would go to bed as early as he could and wake up as late as his body allowed him so time would seem to pass quicker. And the day finally came. It was his 18th birthday and he was going to the factory, where he could finally choose.

«Choose»

Just the thought of the word made him shiver.

When he finally arrived to the factory, they made him sit in a small empty waiting room, where the only thing to read was some "WARz" magazine, that had pictures of tanks and jets and maps. Someone opened the door and called his name.



"Are you scared kid?"

"No, just a little anxious"

"Nothing to be afraid pal, just stay still for a minute"

A machine inserted three needles in the base of his skull, it was a unpleasant but painless feeling.

"Ok kid-o, what do you want to be? To be stronger? Faster? Smarter? I can make you run and swim for days non-stop. I can make you capable of lifting a car with one hand. I can make you a living supercomputer"

"I just want to be very lucky"

"Ok... No problem... How much luck do you want?"

"All of it, don't want anything more"

"WHAT?!? Are you crazy? You could be anything"

"Do it"

"Don't be stupid kid, you can be anything you want."

"This is what I choose! I could be the smartest guy on the planet, but is that something I really want? Once I step one foot outside I'll be hired to research bombs and viruses. Do I want to be stronger? For what?  The army would take me the minute I step out of this building, to fight a war for someone else. All I want is to be happy, and the only thing this world has taught me is that not the strongest, nor the quickest, nor the smartest but the luckiest people are the happiest. Because the lucky people are not called to fight this war, are not hired to make bombs,  but they find love and peace."

The technician pressed some buttons the machine started to make some noises.

 "Ok. All done"

He turned one last time as he was leaving and with a smile on his face he said.

"Good luck"