It's pitch black. The ground feels damp. "Wake up Joseph! Wake up!", I hear faintly. Joseph? That is my name. But why... why can't I remember anything else? Opening my eyes I see a girl on top of me, shaking me. She's beautiful but seems very distressed. With tears rolling down her face she asks,

 "What did you do?!" 

Before I get a chance to say anything, she is snatched off of me. A man wearing a blue suit is pulling her off into the distance. Another man in a suit yanks me off the ground. "What's going on", I ask the assertive stranger. He pulls out a device from his inner jacket pocket. He selects something and then says, "Restrain". My arms suddenly become bound together as if they had been tied up. He smirks and starts pushing me towards a door. 

The haze over my brain begins to fade and I start to regain more of my senses. The air is filled with ash and I cannot fully make out everything in the room, but I know it is big. Some areas are frozen others are scorched and burned to ash. It was like the room had been hit with a blizzard and a fire outbreak at the same time. There are other people in blue suits around the room too. Some taking away people like me and others injured. I hear the sound of pain screeching through the air. So many people hurt. 

As we get closer to the door the dust settles and I begin to notice more about the room. Torn and burned banners on the wall saying "Fight The Order". Blueprints of buildings in pieces on the floor. Then there was a sticky note I passed on someone's desk that said, "Never forget THE MISSION". Is this why they're taking me away? Was I part of this movement? And what was THE MISSION?

We make it to the door and he pushes me out. Stumbling out the door, I look up to see the sun blinding my eyes. As they adjust, more blue suits come up and shove me into a vehicle. We drive for I don't know how long in complete silence. Assertive suit man is driving and another blue suit is in the passenger. 

When we finally arrive the assertive blue suit pulls out his device again and this time I can see a part of the screen: Memory 1014827. There was a picture of a girls face and a description underneath. The device pierces him and then the screen says, "Download Complete". Like before he only utters one word: sleep. 

I wake up and lift my head from a table. Across from me is the assertive blue suit. We're in a dark damp room alone. The only light is a lamp above us. "Do you know why you're here Joseph", he says in a smug manner. Confused, I say "No."  
"You and your group have committed several crimes against The Order. Not to mention what you pulled today. Trying to do Resurrection Magic? That is a high-level offense against the law." I sit there confused, trying to remember but... nothing comes up. "Who was it?" he asks. "Was it a fallen comrade? Your friend Adam Lubbock? Or was it Susan, your w..." An explosion interrupts his sentence. 

Smoke filled the room. A hand grabs me: it pulls me out of the smoke. He's not a suite. This person is wearing a brown scuffed up jacket and denim. "Are you ok Joseph?!" he yells while running. "Yea I'm fine." There is a van in front of us with its side door sliding open. "Get in! Get in!" a voice from the van yells. As I jump in I see the girl from before, the beautiful girl. She softly smiles at me. For some reason, I'm happy to see her. I'm glad to know she's alive.  