I see the apparition as we walk towards a ranch style home in Schaumburg IL.  A suburb thirty minutes outside of Chicago.  These homes look like they have been here since the 70’s. The apparition is trying to talk to people but no one notices him.  Of the four people invited here by “psyics: real or fake” I think I was one of the few people that were reluctant to come here.  Because I see dead people, I see those that have failed to move on for what-ever reason. Some of them know their dead but others don’t.  Those Killed almost always know. He standing in front of the house waving his hands trying to get someone to notice him. 


I’m really not interested in the publicity that comes with sharing my ability with others.  And having a camera in my face watching everything I do makes this process a bit more difficult.  The apparition is now trying to get each person’s attention. 


He’s frantic as he looks at me and says “Please someone help me.” 

 
I look directly into his eyes and our eyes locked on to each other, I give him the slightest smile.
 

He stops cold and says “can you see me” as he moves to the left. 
 

I follow him with my eyes only.  Give him the slightest nod of my head I tried not to move my head more than an inch or so.
 

“Thank God” he’s exclaims.
 

I continue to follow the progression inside.    
 

“Wait please talk to me.  I know who killed me”

 
We step through the door and now I’m standing with four other supposed psyics.  Not one of them have batted an eye at this guy.  But the host continues to talk about what we will be doing in this show.   His showmanship is something to admire.  Clearly as skill that has been hard earned.  I’m listening now and keeping the apparition in my peripheral view.  

 
“It’s him, he killed me”

 
Now I look around the room with my back to the camera and look at him with my eyes widen.

 
“Yeah, it’s him” He’s calming down now that he can communicate his information. 
 

He trying to have a conversation I slightly shake my head as if to say no.
 

“You don’t want anyone to know you can see me.” 
 

Again I nod just a bit turning back to the host. 
 

The cameras are all set up and he starts to walk toward me.  With his hand out stretched he’s doing his thing of introducing us to the camera.  I know I have to shake his hand because of a social contracts that we all make.   I’m a bit nervous, I don’t know why, what more could I learn? I already know the worse thing.  Grasping my hand I feel a strong pull and suddenly I’m confronted with 10 new spirits, each one has been following around this host.  I can feel their anger, their accusations, their frustration.  I sense from each one that this man was their killer. They follow him waiting for justice that hasn’t come.  I feel the mourning as they watched him take life after life.  They know he won’t stop killing.     
 
