"Ra'Kath! Show yourself! I am Sir Garrett; here to see you slain."  
I groaned, knowing already what this was about. I shifted my presence into his realm of existence and sized him up. Well, at least he had stubble this time. The last 'champion' had been only twelve. Handed a sword, trained for two weeks and told to "Smite the eldrich god of ultimate power. I'm sure you'll be fine."  
I sighed. "I see you've invited yourself in. Most people knock first. Common courtesy and all, but welcome anyway. You already know I am R-"  
"Cease your speech, demon! I am here to fight, not exchange pleasantries!"  
I narrowed my eyes and nodded.  
"I see your parents never taught you manners. Allow me to bear upon you that lesson."  
A simple gesture and he was immobilized, his sword clattering on the floor.  
"Release me, Demon! When I get out-"  
"*Silence*" I commanded and it was so. The massive throne room was eerily silent. A silence that could not be broken by mere physical vibrations in the air. There was no force on this plane that could undo that spell.  
I, of course, was not so bound.  
"First things first. I am Ra'Kath. Not Demon. You will address me as Sir or Lord. If I decide that you are tolerable to be around, you may come to address me by my name. To call me a demon implies I am subject to a lowly devil and I will not insulted.  
Second, *sir* Garrett? Who knighted you and how much alcohol are they drinking? The last person I addressed as Sir gave me this lasting scar."  
I pulled back the collar on my tunic to reveal a short, angry red scar, where Sir Hammond of the Shadow had impaled me with the Sword of Twelve planes.  
"Sir Hammond was the only human to ever so much as touch me, let alone wound me. He is the only one to ever earn my respect and I will not have his name sullied by boys pretending to be knights. Now, here's a test. I will allow you to speak and if you want to be released, you had better use your manners. *Speak.*"  
"Foul beast! How dare-"  
*Silence.* See, that's not what I was looking for. I was hoping for 'I'm sorry Lord Ra'Kath, I promise I'll think about what I've done and only come back when  I know how to properly address Eldrich gods of infinite power.' That's how its supposed to go. But I see you need a lesson in humility. I shall allow this lesson to be administered by a true Knight. Sir, Hammond! Your legacy needs to be taught."  
Sir Hammond faded in from the shadows, already prostrated in a humble bow.  
Of course, Ra'Kath. Consider it done. Non lethal?"  
I nodded and Sir Hammond arose from his position.  "*Speak.*"  
"I have no time for minions! Face me yourself coward! Have you no honor? I laugh at GAH!"  
A swift knee to his gut silenced his words and a backhand sent him sprawling onto the ground.  
"You dare question the honor of Ra'Kath?! He has shown you mercy, yet you only hurl insults. Stand. Stand, I say!"  
Slowly, Garrett climbed back to his feet and glared.  
"Pathetic child. I could have killed you a dozen times in the time it took you to stand. In a battle, an enemy won't wait until you catch your breath to kill you. Now draw your sword."  
Glare still engraved on his face, he grasped the hilt. Before he could so much as pull, a swift, metal gloved punch to the throat stopped him.  
"Why did you not block my strike? Were you under the impression I would allow you to draw your weapon? Fool! If you can kill a foe before he has a chance to defend, then you need not take any injury from his blows. Now stop choking and fight."  
Garrett regained his composure and I watched with amusement while Sir Hammond waited patiently. With a movement that was supposed to be swift, Garrett pulled his sword halfway from its scabbard, only to be stopped by an ironclad grip from Sir Hammond.  
"Why'd you stop? Surely you have the strength to overpower an old man? Come on! Draw your sword!"  
Garrett struggled to gain inch by inch from Sir Hammond, but I could see he was surely going to win this test of strength. Sir Hammond simply wasn't the man he was in his prime. However, Sir Hammond was not one to lose any contest. A sharp crack and helmet met helmet sending Garrett sprawling once again.  
"Enough." And Sir Hammond kneeled on the spot, awaiting orders. "Boy, what have you learned?"  
Through gritted teeth came the reply.  
"That you have enslaved a legendary knight of valor. Upon my life, I swear I will free you!"  
"Permission to speak, Ra'Kath?"  
"Granted."  
"Boy! You speak of things you don't understand. If I were to but ask, Ra'Kath would release me from his service without hesitation. I serve him of my own volition. He is a god of mercy and I will not have him disrespected in his own throne room."  
"Lies! Your speech is controlled by the foul demon! You will-"  
"Enough of this. Boy. I will give you once chance to strike me. Sir Hammond, you will not interfere. You had better put your all into your strike, as you will not be given a second."  
To his credit, he was wary in his approach, before he charged with an annoying shout. His sword came down in an overhead arc and was stopped with a single finger. To his dismay, he could not pull his sword back, as it was held firm to the tip of my index.  
"Do you understand now? How hopeless your task? Leave, and come back when you've grown up. I don't mean get older. When you've lost a loved one, slain an enemy, lost a battle, made love to a woman, buried your parents and earned the title of knight. And when you come back, you had better knock first and show respect, because if you insult me again, I'm not sure I will be able to stop Sir Hammond from mounting your head on a pike. Leave." His sword clattered to the floor when I released it and the clang of his boots on the marble floor echoed as he fled.  
"Shall I follow him to his Lord, Ra'Kath?"  
"I know who it is. I shall give you a map. Make sure he understands that I will not tolerate children sent in the place of men. Then make an example of him."  
"Yes, Ra'Kath. Consider it done." He stepped into a shadow and was already gone from sight. I shifted into another realm of existence to retrieve the supplies Sir Hammond would need to find Lord Ra'Vir.  
An eldrich god as well, Sir Hammond would need the Sword of Twelve Planes to be able to attack him at all. It hung over the hearth, unassuming. Save for a small diamond like marking at the base of the blade, it seemed no different than a simple steel Bastard Sword. The scar below my collarbone throbbed as I approached and flared in pain as I gripped it. I quickly stepped back into Sir Hammonds plane and dropped it on the ground before the throne. He caught it deftly in hand before it clattered.  
"A thousand pardons, Ra'Kath. Had I known-"  
"Do not apologize for teaching a lesson. It is a good reminder. Now, go and slay my brother, but be most careful. I will be very angry if you die after all the work I've put into you. Here is your map, and here is a potion of youth. It will allow you to return to your prime for twelve hours, so use it before your fight with Ra'Vir."  
Sir Hammond put both in his travelling cloak he wore  over his armor. The pockets of holding expanding to hold both.  
"I will return soon. Be well, Ra'Kath."  
"You as well."  
Cloak flowing, he turned on the spot and vanished into the shadows. Lord Ra'Kath, for the first time in many years, felt a twinge of worry.