"Morning, sweetheart," the woman says, pressing her lips against my forehead. The smell of vanilla from her perfume mingles with the coffee she's placed on my beside table; it creates a tempest of memories that I can't place order to.

"Jessica?" I whisper. I know something is wrong, but I don't want to know what that something is.

"What's the matter, baby?" she asks, her smoky voice sending singals down by body. She slips a bra strap free from her shoulder. 

"You're dead..." I say, my voice barely audible. But the taste of her tongue in my mouth pushes the thought out of my head, replacing it with a violent, primal urge.

She pushes me back on the bed and gets on top of me, straddling me. She has one hand behind her back and raises the other to her lips. 

"Hush, baby," she says. 

"Oh God!" I yell, as I see the knife in her other hand. I try to push her off me - to take the blade from her - but I can't move my arms.

"Please," I beg. "Don't. "

She smiles as she runs the knife across her neck.

Warm liquid covers my body. 

---

I wake in a pool of sweat. The nightmares are getting worse. More *intense*. They are all of Jessica - my sweet Jessica. It had been over four years since I'd found her body lying in a pool of red syrup. 

To be expected, Gov had said. She'd stopped taking her pills for three weeks and had suffered an aneurysm. Ruptured blood vessels and capillaries in her brain and body.

Now its my turn - I can't afford the pills for another week. Three days without them, and I'm already a wreck. How long until my brain blows? Until someone finds me in a pool of blood.

---


"Morning Mike," Tom says to me, a wide smile on his fat face. 

"Hey, Tom," I say. "How's work going?"

I wonder if his heart will stop before my brain. The pill can't protect him from heart disease.

"Jeez buddy, you don't look so good."

"I've not been sleeping well."

"Oh Mike, you've not been playing poker again, have you?"

*None of your fucking business.* "No, Tom," I say.

"Cause you know what they say - a fool and his money are soon parted."

"I better get to work."

"Sure thing. See you later, buddy."

"Great."


I sit down on my plastic chair, the pain in my back twists in like a corkscrew. Ten bright monitors stare obnoxiously at me, showing feeds of the corridors across the hospital. Doctors, patients, visitors. I don't even know what I'm looking for anymore. I'm going to lose my job, if anything ever happens, because I won't be doing shit to stop it.

It's early, but I take out half my sandwich and sink my teeth into the peanut putter and bread. It sticks to the top of my mouth and I press it with my tongue, daring it to stay there.

It takes me a moment to recognise her, on monitor six. She's looking away from the camera, and her hair's a different colour. But she turns, glancing at me for a split second. I almost choke on my food, as I turn the camera to follow her down the hall. 

I watch, stunned, motionless, as my dead wife takes the stairwell to the janitorial basement. Somewhere my cameras can't follow.

"Jessica," I whisper, tasting her name. "I'm coming baby."

---

The basement is cold from damp, and only flickering staccato lights allow me to navigate my way through. The basement rooms twist and turn until eventually I find another door - another set of stairs, leading me deeper down into the bowels of the Gov hospital.

This floor is more a network of passages, than a basement, and I am soon lost.

 "Jessica?" I yell. "Jessica!"

"I'm here,"  comes a faint reply.

 I follow the voice, my heart fluttering. The gloom grows like cancer around me, as I push further into the tunnels.

I step into a large space, it's too dark to see anything, but I hear steady breathing.

"Jessica?"

"Who are you," comes the voice from behind me. 

A light flicks on, chasing the darkness away.

I turn to find a blonde lady pointing a gun at my chest.

"You're not Jessica," I say,  my shoulders falling.

"Jessica?" she repeats,  her face scrunched up in suspicion.

"My wife. She's dead. Didn't take her pills."

"Oh." Her body relaxes slightly. "Gov told you that's why she died?"

I nod.

She says nothing for a moment. When she does speak, she seems reluctant.

"The pills don't kill you. Not exactly."

"You're wrong," I snap. "That's how Jessica died, and... I've not been taking them," I confess. "Three days so far, and I already feel like crap."

"*Three days?* Shit."

"What?"

"Your wife was found in a pool of blood, right? Gov said her heart blew, or maybe her brain."

"How do you-"

 "She didn't die because of the pills - well, not exactly. Gov killed her."

"*What?*"

"Three days," she repeats. "You need to come with me. Now."

      