It all started in what I thought was “medical school”. To enter this one requires one to travel through the Bermuda Triangle. As it turns out, saving lives was the LAST thing I’d ever have to worry about... 4 years later after battling butt pillaging pirates, aliens, Canadian Jihadi’s, forced labor camp slave drivers, cops, sled dogs, internet catfish luring in little boys, vampire professors, 3 bats, 3 fat chicks, one screaming prostitute, angels, demons, dragons, zombies and the entire Roman Catholic Church....  I made it out alive and unscathed, (with some bad ass tattoos and a pet direwolf). 

My medical curriculum was going along swimmingly for the first month. I was passing all my classes and was genuinely enjoying the material. Then it came time for block 2. Which had two course. One of which was histology, which was taught by none other than Dracula himself, under the alias of “Dr. Mauwi”... I preferred to call him “Darth Mauwi”....he had a haunting accent that sounded like he hailed from somewhere in the carpathian region. I never read Dracula, but I’m assuming he doesn’t die in the end because I had him as a professor. I really enjoyed this class because it stitched together all the cellular and microbiology I had learned in undergrad with the gross anatomy i was currently learning. 

Now, let me tell you about “gross anatomy”. First off, the ominous “they” or powers that be decided that they would place this cute chick right next to me. I however thought I had a girlfriend at the time (who was back home in America), so I didn’t really take the bait here, and did manage to stay loyal....I later found out that my real girlfriend was actually a lesbian and is currently living with my first cousin. Hinds sight truly is twenty twenty.  But anyway they make some fucked up ceremony out of putting “white coats” on us and make it way more of a thing than what it had to be. Good God, you can buy one online for less than 30 bucks. Anyway, I’m still perplexed about this. So her last name alphabetically placed her right next to me. I believe they were attacking our subconscious by making us feel special in white, to see who was actually dumb enough to get married later in their life.... 

The dark lord, doesn’t get married. He has sex with strangers and sends them on their way. 

Anyway, I’m across a dead human corpse, and this chick is in scrubs. Now here, they’re attacking my deeply rooted psychological “mommy issues” because my mom was a nurse and this chick is in scrubs. Now anytime I walked by her she smelt good (this is relative to the formaldehyde soaked corpse right next to us).

Then one day, I couldn’t take it anymore. I couldn’t resist the temptation. I looked her right into her eyeballs, right into the windows of her soul, right into those big doe peepers and said, “hey, would you go on a date with me?” 

She flipped her hair and looked up at me. She batted her eyelashes before looking me up and down like she was sizing me up, then with a slightly condescending stare she looked right at me and said.... “over my dead body”. 
