"What do you want for Christmas Cupcake?" I asked.

She twisted her foot, how cute. I knew the answer of course, I had paid attention. She was absolutely enamored with unicorns, she's been drawing them for months, and has read every book in the library on the subject. Her pre-k teacher was amazed that she was powering through The Last Unicorn, despite having to stop every few words to ask what it means.

"I want a-," she let it linger for a good ten seconds, she was good with drama and being unquestionably adorable. "UNICORN!"

My wife laughed at the cuteness of it while she recorded the scene with her cellphone. I was proud of myself for already having prepared. They weren't easy to hunt, and I had to hide the equipment in the garage where my wife couldn't find it.

"It'll be pretty, and tall, and white, and it'll smell like ginger, and roses, and lavender," my little Cupcake described her ideal Unicorn while dancing a waltz in the middle of the den.

Later that night my wife lay in bed looking at unicorn toys on her phone.

"What about this one?" She asked.

"Does it smell like lavender?" I asked.

"Probably not," she said, "but I can always spray some essential lavender oil on it."

"Don't worry honey," I said, "I know exactly where to get the perfect one." And I did, though she didn't know about that part of my life. I figure it's time I tell them what I do on the side. What my whole family has done for generations. But I'm not going to just tell them at the dinner table, no, that never goes well.  I'll show them.

I stood in the garage with my backpack on, and my mythical creature hunting clothes. When I touched the amethyst button my thick long sleeve shirt would turn from dull brown to a beautiful brilliant rainbow. Unicorns love rainbows, and it'll want stare at me which will give me precious seconds to snare it with my glitter blintz.  I rolled the smokey quartz spheres in my hand, heating them up and activating the teleport smoke inside. You can't walk into a unicorns territory, it'll get your scent and stay far away from you. They can even track you through the lichen on the trees. Trees and unicorns are best friends. Which is why I brought a small tree in the backpack, so they'll think I'm one of them.

I threw down the smokey quartz crystals, they shattered, and the smoke enveloped me. Crystal teleporting was always weird. The smell was like a windy beach, tremendous pressure, goose bumps, then boom - you're there. I looked around and the forest was as familiar as ever.  I walked up to a tree, and licked it. It tasted sweet. That's good, they think I'm one of them so I can move freely.  It does't take long to spot the trail. A line of verdant green seedlings sprouting up from the ground. Unicorn droppings magically encourage plants to grow rapidly. The trail led east.

After walking a few hours I spotted the unicorn through the trees. It was licking a tree, just as I had done earlier. Then it turned and rubbed its butt on the tree, letting the tree taste it. The unicorn rubbed its butt on the tree for far longer than necessary. It's eyes rolled around in a horsy ecstasy, and it's back legs shuddered. With a pompous prance it sauntered away. I would have to give this thing a polite little lobotomy before I took it home. Don't want it getting all prissy violent with the family.

The cocky little prancer pranced right where I wanted him. I got my glitter blintz out, then got it's attention.

"Hey asshole!" They hated it when you're impolite.  It turned and cocked it's head at me, right then I pressed the amethyst button and my shirt exploded with color. It was so bright that I winced and turned my head.  It shook it's head, and started to walk away, but the rainbow extended past my outstretched arms.  I shone like the rainbow bridge. Thor would have thought I was the way to Asgard. It walked up to me, transfixed by the colors.  I activated the glitter blintz.

A glitter cloud erupted from the tip of the tube. It surrounded the unicorn, then landed on it's muscular body, then hardened. The unicorn couldn't move anymore. I watched my uncle screw this up once, and got gored by a unicorn.

"A UNICORN A UNICORN A UNICORN!!!!" My little Cupcake yelled over and over. She unicorn, which she named Darryl for some ineffable reason, gnawed on grass with a dull look in its eyes. They were usually very intelligent animals, but thanks to my grandmothers lobotomy kit this one was as dumb as an inbreed goat.

"Sweetie," my wife said not able to take her eyes off it, "where did you get this. . . um-"

"Unicorn, it's an honest to goodness unicorn," I said. "Let me get you some wine and I'll tell you a story."

&#x200B;

&#x200B;