"Any headaches today Henry?"

Eight black eyes stared back at me. *Just the usual dull pain. Nothing worth noting* 

"Not true. Everything about you is worth noting. I'll see if we can get you some help for that headache. Anything in particular you'd like for breakfast?"

*A caterpillar sounds appetizing.* The beautiful green and black telepathic spider that was the infamous Henry smiled at me. Well if a spider could smile. He was easily the size of my head making him extremely intimidating, especially with his fang infested grin. He, like all of our guests as we call them is special. 

"Caterpillar it is buddy", I put my fist up to the glass that separated us and he pounded with his own leg. 

I moved onto what we termed the witch. At least that's the best way to describe her. 

"Heya Debbie", I waved. 

"Oh hi Sam", she replied in a sultry voice batting her eyes at me. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. The woman was a chronic flirt. 

"Do anything interesting while I was gone?"

"You mean like levitate or transform myself?"

I sighed. She knew exactly what I meant. "Yes, like that Debbie."

"Why not look for yourself, notice anything different about me?" She bit her lip and leaned forward. Her breast spilled out of her gown and bounced with the youthfulness of a well endowed 20 year old.

"Debbie!", I exasperated as my cheeks turned red and I squeezed my eyes shut. A tinkling cackle erupted from behind the armored glass as a quickly walked away. Unfortunately I'd have to mark the experience down. I would end of getting shit for that. 

The last on my list for now was the first proof of the divine. Oddly enough the divine liked the sports page and a quality cup of joe.

"Good morning Marty", I said quietly to the deity. His true name was Martholinous but who wants to say that every time, fortunately he quite enjoys the nickname I coined for him. 

"And to you Samual", he bowed his head. "Any news on the nectar producer?" I chuckled. He called coffee nectar and the coffee maker its producer. Listening to his designated names for everyday human objects never got old. 

"No unfortunately, I could use some too. Maintenance refuses to fix it citing other more important repairs being need. Anyway you could imbue them with your essence and force them to comply?"

He chuckled along with me, "You know I have given up a life of enslaving universal beings. With that comes the understanding that those with free will may not and most likely will not do my bidding. It is why I allow you and your people to cage and study me. I am as helpless as a human. No offence."

"None taken Marty. Here's your paper. Philly's beat the Yankees 5-3, you own me a memory", I handed his gaseous hand the newspaper still not completely understanding how it doesn't just fall through.

"Let me catch up on my news then come back and I'll share a piece of my experience with you."

"See you later", I waved and he nodded back to me like a grandfather dismissing a child. We traded information with each other. I taught him the ways of humans and he shared his life experiences with me by entering my mind and allowing me to see them has he did. It like intense virtual reality. I've seen other deities like himself and alien lifeforms. I watched the creation of a star and the progression of a planet. Things you couldn't even imagine. I always looked forward to working with Marty. 

I stepped back into the control room and looked at the monitors. The mermaid and sentient blob were still sleeping. I'd get morning status from them later. I finished my notes then leaned back in my chair for a quick rest. I'd only been at it for about an hour but waking up at the ass crack of dawn took its toll. You got sleep whenever you could in this line of work. 