Norm was a lot. Sheldia knew that much. But she couldn’t help caring about him, Maybe it was just because it was her job to take care of him. Or more specifically, as his shield, literally, it was her job to keep him from being killed. And this time, she felt, he was being positively unreasonable. Fighting six trolls at once! Preposterous. Maybe that would work in Neopets. But not in Ragefury Universe, the hardest video game in the world... The Unstoppable Force, Norm’s new sword, of course, was loving this.

“Six trolls! That’s six hundred experience points for Norm we’re talking about!” cackled the sword, “And you know I need to eat!” 

Sheldia had even tried to appeal Tiny, Norm’s boots. Norm had bought her and Tiny together from a thrifty blacksmith, and she could have sworn she overheard Norm saying, “I’m only buying these because I can’t be a naked two-hand battle-mage anymore.” While Tiny agreed with her that Norm’s troll quest was out of his league, he admitted that he was just a bit too terrified to confront The Unstoppable Force.

Finally, Sheldia asked if Joana, Norm’s spellbook, would consider talking Norm out of accepting the troll quest. Joana, however, kept changing the subject and clearly would rather complain about how little Norm would use her. “What good is a battle mage if he doesn’t cast spells!” Joana bemoaned. While Sheldia tried to remind Joana that Norm did in fact use her to cast teleportation spells and protection spells, Joana just kept repeating, “I wish he would, for once, use one of my fire spells, those are so much more powerful than swords.”

Sighing, Sheldia finally attempted to convince Norm herself that taking on six trolls was an impossible task for a battle mage of his level. 

“Norm, I know you’re busy—” she began. Norm interrupted her, “I know Sheldia! I know what you’re going to say, that the trolls are impossible for me to kill. But I’ve got to try, haven’t I, otherwise I’m going to be stuck at level 30 forever. Can you get off my back for a bit? I’ve got potions to craft…” 

Sheldia sighed. This was going to be a long night.