The art of planning is useless, for one can never predict the turnings of fate.

That sentence proved to be particularly true in my life. 

See, I was in my underwear, standing in my backyard, inspecting a blazing hole some fallen object from the sky had left, and there, spinning in place as if confused, was a fully functioning Roomba with a knife taped to the front. Did I mention it was unscathed?

I reached for it, careful to avoid both the flames and knife, for the edge of the latter gleamed in vicious ways, and that gleam spoke of true sharpness.

The moment I knelt and stretched to take the Roomba out of the hole, it spun at a frightening speed, and aimed the knife straight to my face. Then, somehow, it climbed up the slope of dirt, escaping the hole, and once it was out, it chased me relentlessly.

My heart leaped to my throat. I went inside the house, but the knife cut through the door with ease. It turned and carved a rectangle at the bottom, and the Roomba came forth. Desperate, I stood on the table, where it could never reach me--.

The Roomba jumped. It did so in a great arc, as if it were some sort of grasshopper.

I drew a sharp, inward breath, and sprung out of the table. I headed to the fridge, hearing the subtle, low sound of the Roomba's vibrations as it approached. Grabbing a bottle of water, I turned to the Roomba, and poured all the water over it.

It did nothing. The thing jumped again, aiming for my throat. I ducked, and the Roomba flew past me.

After witnessing that I got the hell out of my home to never return.

--------------------------------------

It's been two years since the Roomba fell on my backyard. I have taken countless planes to escape it, and every time it has followed me. We fought, the scars in my arms are a proof of that.

Now, I'm hiding in the cave of a mountain. But even through the howling wind I can hear its low, subtle sound. I can see its shadow stretching at the entrance.

I fear this time I won't make it out alive.

---------------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn  