"52...52...come on 52...52...which is-"

Calvin looked up from the dossier at 52 Newland Drive, a small detached house in a kindly neighborhood that reeked of suburbia, with small blue balloons tied around the pillars that marked its domain.

"Fuck."

He climbed out of his sedan and shut the door, tucking both of his hands into his pockets and looking up and down the street. He appeared to have drawn the attention of a neighbor tending to a hedge, an old grey-haired man with eyes expanded by a pair of glasses, who blinked at him quizzically. Calvin managed a weak, reassuring smile for a brief moment, before it collapsed into an indifferent scowl.

The man dropped his hedge trimmers and quickly scurried back inside his house.

Content on his public disturbance, Calvin began walking slowly up the driveway with careful, meticulous steps, before his attention was drawn by the sound of something thudding against glass. His eyes widened and he stopped in his tracks.

"Oh shit sorry, Kenny."

He ran back to his vehicle and popped open the car door, allowing a small corn snake to wriggled down onto the footpath, its orange and black pattern contrasting against the white footpath. It tilted its head upwards and let out a sharp hiss.

"I said I was fucking sorry, man."

Now with his companion, Calvin resumed his journey up the path, jogging to the point where he had gotten to before, then continuing his cautious, meticulous steps. He came upon the door, and raised his knuckle to rap upon it, before his attention was drawn by the sound of children's laughter, as he noticed a sign scrawled in crayon on a page; *Party Goers".

He adjusted his path and walked around the side, through an open gate, and into a wide garden. 

"Well, this is uncomfortable."

Before them, a throng of children were having a pool party. Aggressively stomping about in this togs while parents filled themselves glasses of wine. Or maybe it was the other way around. The air was busy with the sounds of joy. Until, of course, a parent noticed the trench-coated figure with a snake beside him.

The man, a tall, generic, Rich-Boy McHandsome with blond hair, a strong jaw, and empty eyes strode over with an especially puzzled look on his face and a clenched fist. He was dressed in a jumper and jeans, and was the kind of guy Calvin would punch at a bar.

He stood pretty close and spoke in a strong valley accent.

"Uh, can I help you, sir?"

"Yes, my name is Calvin Cleary, I'm with Karm-Core."

"Oh, yeah." The man's eyes lit up, "Did you guys manage to find my grandmother?"

"Probably, but this isn't about that."

The light died, and his tone grew noticeably colder.

"Oh, then what do you want?"

"Sir, I'm led to believe that you purchased a hamster from Pet-Topia recently?"

He crossed his arms and put his feet together.

"Yes, Mr. Snuffington, my son's birthday present."

"Can I see it?"

"*Him*, and why?"

"Well...*he*...may be apart of a case I'm working."

"I'd prefer if you didn't."

"Well too bad, I'm a lawman."

The man scowled and pointed towards a little boy, crowded by friends, who was letting an endless cycle by putting one hand on front of the other. The small, fat creature seemed endlessly pleased with itself.

The detective hurried over to the group, and strode up to the little boy, a chubby child with a bowl-haircut, with his partner slithering in tandem. He leaned over and put his hands on his thighs in a patronizing stance.

"Hey, kiddo, can I have a look at your fuzzy little friend for a while?"

The boy looked up at him, timidly, and held the hamster away.

"My daddy says I'm not supposed to talk to strangers."

Calvin quickly snatched the hamster from the kid's unsuspecting hands.

"Yeah, well you're 60% more likely to be molested by somebody you know. I put  a twenty on your neighbor."

The child seemed too flabbergasted to react, but the father let out a shout of protest. Ignoring him, the officer quickly examined the hamster, who was attempting to scurry out of the hands of the detective.

"If you really want to drop down onto the ground, I can have my partner give you a hand."

The hamster suddenly stopped struggling, and Calvin loosened his grip so it could peer down at the footpath, where Kenny was laying in wait.

*Hissssss*.

The hamster decided to comply.

"OK buddy, you better tell me what the hell is going on before I knock your lights out." The dad threatened, steeling his courage.

Calvin lowered the hamster from height level and let it sit in his hand, before turning to address the disgruntled father.

"Well, it looks like *someone* forgot to vet their gift, and ended up with an *especially bad man* as their household pet."

The father's face shifted, his tensed fists slacking.

"Wait, what?"

"Allow me to introduce you to Edwin Scones. Florist, expert flute-player, and prolific child molester."

The father and detective both glanced down at his hands, where the hamster had turned and was now gazing over at the children's pool party.

"Oh, you sick fuck."

"No, you're lying to me."

"I wish I was, but this hamster currently sitting in my hands is none other than Sinister Scones, the Terror of Teller Bay."

"But how did-"

"Blew his own brains out with a '45 before we could bring him in. Did it beside a fucking forest and a Pet-Topia too. Took a while to calibrate his Karma Points but we got it eventually. Your hamster was going to be an aggressive, serial-killing pedophile."

"No...that's not-"

"Oh I assure you. And he was especially mean as far as they go. Like his list is long and extensive. He's been committing horrifying acts from New York to Boston."

"But...I still..-"

"Your child was going to be the sickening pleasure-fantasy of a terrible man in the body of a warm, fuzzy creature. Don't let the cuteness fool you, Mr. Snuffington is a stone cold monster. To think of the unspeakable-.."

"OK! Alright! Fine! Just fucking go!"

"OK, thank you for complying."

Calvin made to leave, before stopping and turning back to the father.

"Just, next time, get a fucking dog. They're always good people."

*Hiss*.

