The adults told me that long ago there were *cities*. Mega clusters of civilizations. Buildings that were as tall as mountains, and stretched all the way into the horizon. That there were vehicles that soared through the sky, and if you wanted, you could fly around the world in less than a day. They told that when the sun fell below the horizon, and the night came, there would be a vast ocean of stars mirroring the night sky. Further investigation through ancient texts, I discovered that humanity had even at one point began interstellar travel, and that-

"Allie! Stop daydreaming and get back to work!" 

Startled, I nearly jumped as Golon's deep voice boomed over the fields. 

I turned around to see my work supervisor looming in the distance, his hands on his hips as he glared at me.

The kids who were working on the field around me laughed.

"Still daydreaming about flying to the stars Allie?" a kid nearby mocked. 

There were more laughter.

Hastily, I picked up the hoe that I had been leaning on and began plowing the fields again. 

I wasn't bothered by the laughter, or the mockery that other kids made of me, because I knew better. I knew the truth, the truth about this village. Like why we were plowing the fields when we had hundreds of A.I. enabled work-bots. A question that I had asked our Chief of Work. 

He had only replied '*It builds character.*' But I knew better. I knew that our Village Chief took orders from the A.I. themselves. 

I saw it happen. I watched it happen one night as I snuck around the village. That wasn't the only secret that I had figured out, it was only the surface of the truth behind this village. 

I knew things that the other kids didn't even know yet. I knew about the Awakening, the event where our ancestors had awakened from eternal slumber to a world of an unknown time. They were given one order by the DeepOne, '*Repopulate.*' 

"Evan," I called him under my breath as I swung my hoe into the dirt. 

"What," he replied dully, as sweat glistened on his forehead under the blazing sun. 

"I think I've found a way out."

He gave me a sidelong glance before returning to his work. "Allie. How many time do I have to tell you, there's no getting out of this village."

"No, you've got to believe me this time Evan. I've found-"

"Allie, no one has ever left this village, and everyone that did... they never came back. There's a good chance that they're dead Allie. Think about it. There's a reason why the A.I. doesn't let anyone leave and why the adults forbids people from leaving. Who knows what's out there, beyond this village, there could be radiation, unknown abominations of creatures, or even *hostile Androids*." 

"Okay. You're right Evan. It could be dangerous. We could die. But so what? We'll die eventually anyway. The question is how do you want to die Evan?" I asked as I gazed into his dark eyes. "Do you want to be trapped here all your life, doing all kinds of cultivation and education bullshit until you find a partner and become a Commiter or Provider... or do you want to go on a journey into the unknown with me?"

Evan gave me a weird look. "Uh. I think I'd rather-"

"I've found an *archive*."

His eyes went wide.

"Do you know what an archive is? Its full of-"

"I'm not an idiot, Allie. I know what an archive is..." He looked at me again. This time, I saw it in his eyes, I knew his answer.

"Why didn't you tell me that first?" he said as he smiled.

-------------

"We're here," I said.

Evan frowned as he looked around him. We were in the woods, near the outskirts of the boundary. Any further and we would be approached by the levitating Bots. 

"Allie, don't tell me-"

I stomped hard on the dirt floor, and it gave off a '*clank*'. The wrong sort of sound that a dirt floor should give off. 

Evan locked eyes with me for a moment. 

"Well? Ladies first," he said as he gestured for me to go.

I reached down and touched a panel with a finger. 

The sound of pressurized air escaping resounded through the silence of the forest. A thick metal door slide aside to reveal a ladder that stretched into the darkness below. 

I looked at Evan.

He was speechless as he stared anxiously into the hole. 

"Don't pussy out now," I said. 

He swallowed. "Ha." 

-------

I stepped off the ladder and dropped onto the stone floor, exhausted from the hour long climb. 

I watched as Evan took a breath of relief as he finally touched the floor. He looked around, his eyes wide as he shuffled his feet excitedly.

Around us were shelves of books, hundreds- no, possibly thousands of them. They were however, not books in the common sense of the word. With a single touch one would be able to read it directly from their minds. It was a strange experience no doubt, but it worked.

"Well?" 

Evan looked at me, "Where are we Allie?"

I frowned, "Hmm, I still haven't figured that part out but..." I gestured around the room, "You'll figure it out right? That's why you're here."

Evan laughed nervously. "Okay," he rubbed his hands together. "let's get started Allie."

--------

Before long, the hours went by and soon I forgot how many hours we had spent down here.

"Well Evan? What have you learned?" I asked as I shared a sandwich that I had brought with Evan.

"Allie there's so much, I don't think we could ever go through all of this... even with our entire lifetime." 

I laughed. "Yep. That's what I thought."

"Huh? What's this Allie?" 

I walked over to look. A blank white book that I had never seen before was there on the shelf amidst a sea of grey covers. 

"Huh. I've never seen that one before..." I said, then reached over to touch it.

Suddenly my world turned white. I looked around me and saw nothing except white. 

I walked on nothing as I wandered aimlessly in the white room. 

Suddenly a display popped up, floating in midair. It read, '*Terminate Sleep Mode? (Y/N)*'

I pondered for a moment. 

Then another. 

Then decided anymore would be pointless. I tapped '*Y*'.

--------

My eyelids drew open slowly. They felt *heavy*, *different.*

I looked around me sluggishly and realized that I was confined inside a glass box. I moved my arm to touch the glass, and noticed the cables inserted into my arm at the elbow, then realized that there were a multitudes of cables connected to my body. 

My heart began pounding as I yanked them off, translucent liquid spilled out of the cables as I did so. There was no pain.

The glass that confined me suddenly began to evaporate, a thin haze dissipating into the air.

I stood up and looked around me. Massive pristine white walls surrounded me as I saw the thousands of open pods arranged in rows upon rows that stretched until the other end of the large room. They were all empty. 

Suddenly an impossibly loud voice spoke. "*So you have finally awakened.*"

I looked around me, confused as I searched for the source of the voice. 

"*Allie you are the second last human to have awakened...*"

*Second last?*I thought. 

"*Yes.*"

Then I thought of Evan. *Where was he?*

Suddenly I heard coughing in the distance. I hobbled weakly towards the sound.

I saw Evan nearly toppling over as he stepped out of his pod weakly.

I caught him with a hand on his shoulder. 

He looked up at me. 

"Allie? Where are we?"


--------

/r/em_pathy



 






