Darcy never worried about much. She always wondered through her life with an intense strictness to reality and never took anything for anything more than what it was. An uncurious, albeit normal member of the human race. Her work consisted of little more than the willing of her superiors and little distinguished her from the rest of the secretarial pool. Her desk was empty of any emotional attachments and contained little more than what was required for the operation of her remedial tasks throughout the day. The only thing with distinction was her desk calendar with the date December 31st, 1999.

She didn’t seem to have very many friends throughout the office. Many of the other secretaries even gave her the nickname ‘ghost’ because of how little noise she made and the lack of ever really appearing to leave the office. Nobody was really sure how long she had been at the office and nobody really seemed to care either. A kind quiet woman, who wore her thick curled hair down covering her head like a helmet. Such was the style for a woman in the 90’s.

Little seemed any different for Darcy this New Year’s Eve. She was always available to stay later than usual and weirdly enough seemed to enjoy herself more as the masses of office workers left at 5PM.

On her way to grab a smoke at 6 pm, A dinosaur appeared out of nowhere and Darcy was the first to take note, as the Dino was right there on 5th Ave. Unconcerned about her impending death, Darcy continued dragging on her cigarette until the cigarette burned her fingers. She was not one to waste cigarettes and had many scars on her fingers from such incidents. On her way back to her desk she thought to herself “fuck it” and decided to leave the office, job unfinished. This was very out of character for her and the dinosaur took notice and dropped dead immediately, vanishing into thin air. This was New York City, after all.

Unmoved by the recent dinosaur implosion, Darcy walked over to the elevators. However, something was different.

On her way to the hall of elevators, she smashed the button that lit up all of the following elevator lights, signaling that it was time to get the fuck out. After 7 minutes of agonizing patience with the often-slow elevators, her attention turned to the elevator door that had been vandalized by what she called ‘hoodlums’. There was a sticky note on this elevator door with some scribbled writing on it.

Out of nowhere I ran up to this door and flung it open with the force of a gorilla and thrusted Darcy into the abyss of the empty elevator shaft. It was a long day after all and the stress was just eating at me.

Soon after this I realized that Darcy was a shit character and needed to die a horrible death; so, I moved confidently towards the opening elevator on the other side of the hall, grinning because I had justification for my actions in my metaphorical back pocket. However, I was still waiting for the elevator doors to close, so I could go the fuck home. 

As the doors shut, I realized I had forgotten a number of things on my desk. These items included a calculator, my oversized mobile, keys, wallet, and pocket flashlight. The terror ran across my heart as I contemplated the thought of returning to my desk for these things. Nevertheless, I was confident they would still be there in five minutes when I took the elevator back up to my office.

And then, it happened. I shit my pants and the elevator, now being too overweight halted at the 5th floor landing. My super gorilla strength, used on Darcy, had been depleted and I could no longer open the elevator doors to escape. I took the time to collect my thoughts and wonder if I needed another mental health counseling session with my main guy Dan on 45th street. I allowed that thought to haunt me for a little under 4 seconds before I started to shit my pants again. 

It had been a few hours before the elevator started to move again. As I reached the bottom floor of the building, I thought again to myself about the calculator, oversized mobile, keys, wallet, and pocket flashlight left on my desk. I knew I would be back for them soon. 

Unconcerned with the incessantly growing shit smell, I pranced out of the elevator into the lobby of the first floor. I immediately noticed something was different. I was no longer the only one. 

Everyone around me also had shit in their pants. As the calming effect came over me, I looked up at the large screen hovering over me and saw the news that our president had also shit his pants. I also noticed that everybody was holding up credit cards to doors. 

I ran over to a 8 foot tall man and yelled “what day is it?!”. He replied sternly, “Today is December 31st, 2018 and you are going to shit your pants again”. I looked around once more, shit my pants, and died right there in the lobby of the future. 