“There you go, Grandpa Joe,” Charlie sighed as he fastened his grandfather’s diaper.

“What’ssat sposed tuh mean?” Grandpa Joe slurred angrily, as he immediately began to wet himself again.  “Wha’d you call me, you spiteful little bassard?”

“I didn’t call you anything, Grandpa Joe,” Charlie mumbled.  Grandpa Joe had sat in bed for 20 years, smoking like a chimney, drinking whatever booze he could have delivered at his laundry wench daughter’s expense, and expelling his foul cabbage soup excrement directly into the bed.  “The floor is too cold!” he would cry, whenever Charlie deigned to ask why he had crawled into bed at 50 and just given up.  

“But why don’t you just put shoes on, Grandpa Joe?” Charlie would protest, year after year, as he toiled as a paper boy to feed his grandfather’s myriad bad habits.  

“Don’t backtalk me boy!” Joe would snarl.  “Don’t backtalk me, or I’ll hop out of this bed and beat you within an inch of your life!”

Charlie knew better than to protest when Joe finally crawled down from the bed and begin tap dancing at the sight of the golden ticket.  Charlie wanted to give his mother a day – just one day – off from her horrible job, and to give her something beautiful.  Alas, Joe had honed in on a tour through a chocolate factory as though he were *entitled* to it.  And now, as Charlie sat him up on the changing table at the drug store near Wonka’s factory, he grimaced, for he knew Joe would not be able to last ten minutes without spewing his hateful venom about all manner of minority groups.  
For a man soaked in his own vile leavings, Joe thought an awful lot of himself.  God help you if you had a skin tone a shade darker than his, or else Joe would rant, and rant, and rant.  Charlie knew that, having lazed in bed for two decades, Grandpa Joe’s pallor had an almost otherworldly, ghoulish quality, and he hoped against hope that none of the others on the tour were ethnic, or else the ranting would never end.  Charlie had been in more than one fistfight to defend his family after Joe invited conflict with his hateful screeds, and he knew today was likely to bring about more of the same.

-----------------------------------

The tour began after a bizarre display by Wonka, where he feigned a handicap for the amusement of the crowd gathered at his factory gates.  
“Amateur,” Grandpa Joe slurred under his breath.  “You don’t go *walkin’ around* if you’re a cripple.  You just don’t!”

“Shhh, Grandpa Joe, no one says cripple anymore,” Charlie pleaded.  He knew it was in vain.  Once Joe latched onto an idea, he would not let go.  Grandpa Joe, after all, was the ghostwriter of Mein Kampf, and would not let you forget it.

“Welcome, welcome, one and all!”  Willy Wonka cried.  “You’ll all need to sign this contract before you enter my factory!”

“Don’t do it Charlie!” Joe cried.  “It’s jewish treachery!”

“I beg your pardon?” asked Mrs. Teevee, aghast at what she had heard the old lecher grumble.

“He doesn’t mean anything by it,” Charlie said, horrified at what lay in store for the rest of the day.

“The hell I didn’t!” Joe screamed.  It was the scream of a weak, shriveled old coward.

“No treachery here!” Wonka stated firmly.  “I’m just protecting myself from any claims of malfeasance.  Why, I had to replace my whole work force, due to the – uh, unorthodox nature of the factory’s manufacturing process.  I just don’t want any more of the same.”

Grandpa Joe signed “I.P. Freely” on the contract, and laughed harder than anyone deserves to laugh at such a lazy, thoughtless joke.  All the other guests signed their names, and stared at Joe with a mixture of disdain and pity.

“Well then, on with the tour!” cried Wonka, grinning ear to ear.

-----------------------------------

The guests filed through the impossibly small room to enter the factory, and were amazed at what they saw.  A river of chocolate, trees made of gumdrops, and a hundred other fantastical items of which they could have only dreamed met their gaze.  Wonka paraded around the room, singing to no one in particular, to shared confusion of the adults and children alike.  After he ended his expository melody, Wonka directed the attention of the tour group to the workers across the factory floor.

“These are the Oompa Loompas!” Wonka beamed, “They are my most loyal workers.  In Loompaland, they were chased by horrible Snozzwanglers, and Vermicious Kinids!  Here, they work in safety and comfort, with all the cacao beans their little bellies can hold!”  Charlie noted the color of their skin, and turned to see his grandfather boiling with rage.  He knew what was coming. 

“What the hell is this!?” Joe shrieked.  “What in the bloody hell do you have those animals working here for?”  The tour group was incredibly uncomfortable, and no one said a word.  The Oompa Loompas looked over at Joe, confused.  

“Oh my god,” Joe started, “Are you – are you telling me, that whenever I spent my hard-earned money on a Wonka Bar that I have to fight tooth and nail not to share with my daughter or grandson,” he shuddered, “They’ve been made by *them*?!”  He was screaming now.  Charlie was used to it, but everyone else shifted in place, unable to process how uncomfortable they were being made in real time.

“Of course, my good man,” Wonka said, “There hasn’t been a product that left this factory in the last 10 years that wasn’t made by one of the Oompa Loompas.”

“Filthy!” Joe began, “Their *skin* is orange.  Their very essence is filth!”  And on he ranted.  For the better part of two hours, no one dared interrupt Joe, as he paced back and forth, tugging at his diaper as it chafed his milky thighs.  Joe would scream for a moment, then recede into a calmer, measured cadence.  As he grew more confident in his rant, the tour group began to disperse.  Mr. Beauregard shook his head sadly, and dragged his daughter back into the impossibly small room from which they came, despite her vociferous protests.  Ms. Teevee wept, and took Mike with her as she left the tour.  One by one, the children and the parents left.  But Wonka’s attention was unwavering.  

“Tell me then, Grandpa Joe,” Wonka droned, eyes glued on the surprisingly charismatic old drunk, “What should we do with them?   The Oompa Loompas, I mean.  Filthy, filthy Oompa Loompas.”

“I’m glad you asked,” Joe sneered, “I’m glad you finally asked.”

------------------------------

Charlie didn't sleep for weeks.  The screams of the Oompa Loompas were burned into his brain.  For a man who had not left his bed for two solid decades, Grandpa Joe could wield a machete with surprising force.  

"Oh, I'm going to feel that tomorrow!" Joe would joke, as he mowed down one after another with his remorseless slicing and slashing.  

"Oh what a delight!" Wonka would cry as he pulled his dagger from the handle of his walking stick, so he may cut down the next Oompa Loompa.  

"May I have one of their thighs for later?!" Augustus Gloop pleaded, hungry and German as he was.  "I will roast it and it would be ever so delicious!"

More than anything, Charlie remembered the silence.  The Oompa Loompas had tried to sing an impromptu song to rally themselves against the enslaught of Grandpa Joe and Willy Wonka's genocidal wrath, but their rhymes were sloppy and meter was inconsistent, so they could never muster the strength to truly resist.  Once the last Oompa Loompa was cut down, Charlie remembered the silence was heavy in the air.  That was, until, Wonka spoke.

"So, Grandpa Joe, tell me more about the *Jews*."
