Something warm, like a tingling, and brushing, from a soft and gentle hand. Was there anything to see? Did he have eyes? He tried to open them, and then there was light. Could he breath? A shock came to him; he saw his chest and breath flowed through him, sweet, and fresh. 

His feet were planted on solid earth, hands were clenched tight. He looked at them and his hands relaxed like phantom limbs coming into sight again. Ahead was a long line, a crowd of people pushing towards some unknown place, naked and afraid.

There seemed to be a sense of urgency, but he felt calm enough, and saw nothing but a wide dirt road. The road was bordered by a lush pine forest stretching off into the blue haziness of distant mountains. Slowly, as if learning to walk again, he came to the back of the line. A man, nervous, yet tired, looked at him and said 

"finally I'm not the last one anymore; I felt like I've been waiting here for years. But when I make it to the end, I'll be free."

 Silently he looked ahead and saw nothing but an endless line. People were screaming and pushing one another, and finally some life came to the mans face as he took a few steps further. "You'll see, all the new ones see it; He'll take you there" he said excitedly. He took another step forward and in a flash his body swept through the endless line of naked bodies and came to the end. A river clear and placid slowly pushed along. The river Styx, and he had no coin to pay the toll he chuckled. A tall and solemn figure stood like a statue in front of a gate made of light, unopened. The figure looked down and said, "you are finally free from your torment, rejoice, young soul." the mans face held a gentle smile but said nothing. "You have lived your life on Earth, in hell, and now you may reenter the light of god." Still the man said nothing. "With patience one may find many truths here, and you may hold strong to your faith like the others, but you may leave the path if you dare. I do not recommend it, for this world holds many things, things that have brought people back here to this very road."

He blinked and in front of him was the nervous man again. He spoke with others in front of him, these were the ones that were too shy to push and shove to the front. His voice was somber, with sunken eyes and gaunt cheeks. He looked like Picasso's Blind Man's Meal, reaching for a meal he may never see. Did the punishment continue here?

"Excuse me" a clothed woman said.
The clothed woman held a coin out to the man at the end of the line.
"Here's your toll if you want to wait for it"
The coin was engraved with the name Hecate and had two roads crossed.
"I thought I was going to heaven, or hell, but it appears I am in neither, but have already been to one" he said expecting an answer.
"Well, the gods do not hold the answers, they can only bring you to the door. You must open that door, or not, that is the price of freedom."
"Do they see you?" he said
"Only if there eyes are not blind with faith, but yours, yours are filled with curiosity, searching." She walked him to the edge of the road, and lifted a tree branch; a path was there that lead off towards the mountains in the distance.
"Is this still Hell, an extension of Earth and some sort of trick?"
"This is no trick, we are in purgatory, and you are immortal; you may leave to so called heaven in time, but it may take many thousands of years."
"Who am I?" he asked
"You are but the essence of a man you once were; some lose their memories when them come here, and that can be a blessing. Some come with the pain of Hell, with the blindness of faith, and wait like patient dogs at the gates. There are many truths to find here, and this is the first one; look on at these fools, shackled in the patterns of their past lives, they will find no solace here, no truth."

"Truth?"

"Yes truth is what you make of it I suppose. Though some may think the truth lies behind those gates, I tend to think otherwise."

They walked off of the wide dirt road and into the forest; the crowd faded from sight and sound, and a blanket of calm and cool silence laid itself upon them.