She gazed out of the windows of the oval office on what was left of the capitol. Three years of martial law had taken its toll on the country, and it was less beautiful than it once was. There was a stark beauty though, that came from the understanding that the world was coming to. Never again. Never again would offensive language be tolerated. Almost everything was offensive to her now, but, it seemed that almost everything had been dealt with. Or, would have been dealt with, if the stupid bombs had worked. She let out a long sigh. She hoped that it wouldn't have had to come to this. She had hoped that the world would have been able to see her vision, see her great wisdom. But Alas! Those Russians.... Those bastards had refused, just like half the country and the world. Well, no matter, they would pay.f All of them them would. Her mind was made up, yet again, and this time... This time she would not be thwarted.

"Madam President, the Joint Chiefs are awaiting your decision," said a haggard looking aide nervously.
"Tell them... Tell them to go ahead. Operation Musk Madness is a go."

The signal was sent. The ion thrusters fired on a hundred thousand million tiny robots, and ever so slowly, the fate of mankind slipped from dark and not properly censored, to bright and properly silent. 

Months passed. The miserable masses rejoiced, and she could all but hear their *sounds* from aboard her orbital command station in geosyncronous orbit on the dayside of the planet. She was offended just thinking about them. She smiled as she got confirmation that it had begun. The first of the asteroids hit Moscow on the other side of the planet, and the second hit Petrograd. Then thousands rained down on every city and every town on the whole Earth over the ensuing 24hrs as the planet rotated. The biggest ones hit the oceans. She didnt see the impacts, as they were all timed to hit on the nightside of the ball of offensive noise, but she got to see the aftermath. "General Ellen, cheers!" She said as they clinked glasses. President Maxine had finally won.