The children all lay sound asleep before her as she smiled. It had taken her some time but the newer kids where starting to warm up to the orphanage. She reached out towards some of the children, gently tucking them into their blankets, making them more comfortable, many of the children glowing faintly as the moons light lay through the windows, illuminating many of them. She shook her head sighing. Many of the children where living normal lives until they turned. Till the changed. Many of them where able to take on other forms, many others able to control elements,, but the children that she looked upon now where all, in other words, the living dead.   


She inspected many of the children's faces, some of their skin peeling and flaking off. Some of the children's hair or teeth falling out. She made a mental note that tomorrow morning she would help each of them ease into their new lives. either it be with makeup or making them feel comfortable with their person in general. She turned back towards the door, checking in on the other children on the other side of the room, before softly closing the door behind her, passing by many opened doors as she heard soft chattering or laughter. Many of the nocturnal children where up and starting their night. Her young and vibrant self bounded from hall to hall, her light brown hair pulled neatly into a bun.  


She made her way to the dining hall,greeting many of the children, some covered in fur, some paler than normal. A lot of the older children where laughing and smiling, having a wonderful time. A few of the younger ones where crowded together, talking to themselves and staring around the room. They where slowly getting used to their new home. But one of the children, one of the newer ones, was alone, curled up underneath one of the  furthest tables. She glided towards the small child before sliding underneath the table as well. The child seemed scared, staring at his new caretaker, before sniffling. "I want to go home, Mrs MerryWeather!" Before curling up into her chest and sobbing. Many of the older children having already left the dining hall his cries echoed around the room. She comforted him as best as she could for a couple of moments.  


"I know dear, but you cant. For your families safety, and for your own as well." Mrs. Merryweather sighed softly. His pale skin almost glowing underneath the table.  


"But why?! i thought i was a good boy! Do my parents not love me anymore? I dont understand." He frowned, burying himself further into her chest.   


"No dear, thats not why at all. they love you very very much, but when you turned eight you changed. they worried about how they could take care of you, they worried about many things, and they made a tough decision to bring you to me for me to take care of you." she smiled softly, before poking his small pale nose. He cheered up after a few moments and gave her a hug before crawling out from underneath the table and running off to find the other children his age to play with.  


A soft, low chuckle echoed around her before she heard the sound of footsteps. a pair of brown loafers and slacks stopping before her as a hand was extended out towards her. "Even after all these years and you still treat each child like they are your own." She gracefully took the males hand as he pulled her out from underneath the table. He was rather young looking, maybe 18-19 years old.  


"You mean like with you my dear Timothy?" She patted the young boys back and smiled warmly, before she softly yawned. "Many of you children grow up to do many wonderful things: President of the country, some are major CEOs, many own their own business'. you children needed at least some place to call home. so you children could have as much a normal life as possible. And many, like you, decided to stay back and help the newer children out each and every day. Its becuase of that that this orphanage has grown so much."  


He helped move her, taking her withered hand on his, guiding her up the flight of stairs and into her own room. He gently laid her down on the bed and undid her hair, the strands glistening from the moon light as her hair turned white. He tucked her in, kissed her softly upon the forehead before leaving and closing the door behind him.   


&#x200B;