Noisy projectors are an occasional hazard for psychics such as myself. Usually it they announce themselves as paranoid know it alls. The usual suspects are sensitive women and children who might be border line paranoid schizophrenics but this guy was different.

He looked like an asshole bully who liked to torment others just to feed his narcissistic ego. I don’t like rude boys who get off on hurting others. I mentally tagged him as a “Chad”. 

In most circumstances I would have just gone into “forget me mode” and walk away. But this was a trapping situation so other measures needed to be taken. I had mentally prepared for just this situation many times before but this was the first time that I would actually have to put my defensive measures into action.

Psychic people are not always just receptors, some of us can also project quite strongly into the minds of others. The issue is that one has to act in a way that is both covert and force appropriate to the threat presented. 

The problem with a psychic attack is that you get mentally and emotionally entangled with a person you typically don’t want to be involved with in anyway.

My other option is to take him out with a puff from the devil’s breath and leave him alone in a stupor some where. 

I take out my phone to use a prop for misdirection and start using it like an attention challenged person would as a cover to better surveil my target. He was sitting off to the side of me is some ridiculous tactic cool outfit wearing a MAGA hat. Definitely at “Chad” if I ever saw one.

Then an ugly thought crossed my mind, what if he was projecting as bait and working with another person to troll for psychics to identify them for some nefarious purpose. The waiting area at the DMV was crowded so it would be difficult for me to spot an accomplice if he was working with one.

I would have to make a distraction to break his broadcast something that would lead back to him and reveal him and any accomplices he might have working for him.

Then it occurs to me to psychically push the grumpy girl who is sitting right in front of him to notice him and his creep stare. I subtly begin to send her suggestions like, take out your compact and look to see who is behind you.

Then I suggest that she start “fixing” her hair because she wants to look on on her new driver’s license. I enhance her dis-satisfaction with some stray hair so much so that she pulls out a small spray can of hair spray to tame those stray hairs. I nudge her just enough so that she “accidentally” hits him with a blast of spray right in the face.

This immediately stops “Chad” from continuing to broadcast his “message”.

While that drama draws everyone’s attention I quickly look around for any accomplices that maybe in the room working with him. I don’t see anyone or sense anyone who might be working with him. 

With a sigh of relief I settle back down to wait for my turn to renew my license. 