You feel like utter shit. You have blood pumping in you head that you're pretty sure is not supposed to be there, and after a groan realize your head is currently buried in concrete. Not litterally, but still, this morning *suuuuuucks*.

Around the room you spot several things you *should* do asap. For one, your good suit is on the floor and covered in spilled trash, theres a girl you don't remember next to you (not exactly a problem, but still), also there is a stray dog in the corner eating some apple cores from the trash on the floor. 

The girl's waking up. Alright game day sucker. Wake up. Play cool.
The sounds she makes sound more from her nose than her mouth, but before you listen you notice that she is *incredible*. She's not a ten, around a 6 but there is something astoundingly cute about the way she talks, and the casual confidence of her pillow mumble that makes you want to hold her tight. 

Oh wait, what did she say again? You remember hearing "time" at least, and it was a question. You look over at the straight red numbers in the mostly dark room. It's 10:20am. You say it outloud. Your eyes are working now, finally being able to open them all the way after struggling to see with them for the first five minutes. "What day is it?", you grumble back. You hear a light smack at the opposite bedside table, then some movement in the springs before feeling her crawl across your chest for a second and accidentally blind you with a phone screen. She shampoos with something sweet, its like chocolate. Its smells like a shot of dopamine to your mind. She manages to speak with her vocal chords rather than her  nostrils this time, "It's Saturday." You both sigh in unison, Its the same tone from start to finish for you both, just an octave apart. You both laugh, which is cheek-busting cute, and while you finish the last of the giggles you get a good look at her face. She's in her young thirties, not all that fit, a tiny sprinkle of freckles and a wide nose. It's a very cute nose. Biggest draw is her eyes, shes witty, brash, and caring. One thing you can't see by looking into here eyes is her name. 

"Do you remember me?" you say through a wide smile, "Or what drugs we took?" You notice the headache again, it had disapeared for a while when you were focused on her.
She smiled even harder, which set your eyes rolling preemptively, "I'm Peach, and you're Mario"
Sarcastically, "Mamma mia". She rolls over in giggles. You need her number if you don't have it already. 

"Hey", she catches your attention, "which of these numbers is yours?". 
"You beat me to the punch, let me see..." You look at her phone, seeing 10 numbers and names. They're all strangers you don't know. " None of them, just sort by most recently added." Solving probelems like a champion, you pat your self on the back. 
A hot second goes by. You reach for your phone to do the same, finally you'll get to remember her name. You have one number added yesterday. It's labeled, "Sam's office number" So no then. 
She pipes up after the few seconds, "Yeah, I have no numbers added in the past few days."
A little stunned, " Are you telling me that you're SO COOL, that I don't even grab you're number before bringing you home?"
She comes back at you with an indignant tone, "This is my house what are you talking about?"
You laugh out loud again.
Sternly, she says it again, "What are you laughing for? I'm serious. This is my bed, this is my closet..."

A fight breaks out.
Down the hall. Two kids are screaming at each other over the tv.

You both look at each other. Why are there kids in my house?.
She echos your thoughts, except outloud, "Why are there kids in my house?"
"*MY* house." "Shut up."

Standing makes the dog stop gnawing on the apples and start barking. Its then that you notice just how large this dog is. Pitt mixed mutt, best guess, not that the breed of a barking dog matters nearly as much as who it's barking at. In this case, you.

"eeeasy, boy, eeeeasy." There is no room in here, the bed takes up 70% of the floorspace. Taking charge of the situation,"Get across the bed and get out the door behind me." Then you pick up the small bin and hold it between you and the bared sharp teeth in front of you. The cute girl does a roll and lands on her feet, opening the door.
You both grab your robes off the wall slowly, before making like a bullt through a quickly slammed door. More loud barking, but as you shift you're attention further down the hall you see lights in the far room and the kitchen, both half in sight behind the short robed woman. She starts off and you follow, trying to grab a peek at the kids before she does. They stopped fighting a scant second before you both round the corner and you can hear the channel switch from one set of voice actors to another, both played with silly voices and laughs. You find one eight-year old boy upside-down with a remote and a four-year old boy bouncing on his feet, both in spiderman pajamas. They both ignore both of you as you stare for a few seconds.

"These are not my kids, I'm single, really." First words out of your mouth and you're trying to defend your single life. She ignores you.
"Hey guys!", she says getting higher pitched and softening her voice, " Wheres you're mommy and daddy?". The older boy speaks up for them both, he sounds pretty mature for an upside-down kid. "We don't know, and we don't remember our names. We made breakfast for you guys."

Curious, you glance at the kitchen and see a recently wet floor thats been wiped clean with a soaking wet towel, now lieing in the sink. Four bowls are on the counter next to the sink, two filled with bowls of capt. crunch and two filled with discolored milk. They left the milk out.
Trying to hide your more than mild annoyance, "Thanks."
You go check the front door. "How did you two get in my house?", the woman says in that child talk voice. "*My* house." You grumble inside your head.
Door is locked. It is closed. Two cars outside, as you peek through the small window at the top. Least she wont need an Uber when she leaves.

"We woke up here, started looking around. We opened you'ze guyses door..."
"your door, no need for the "guyses"", She corrects, dropping the child tone. The young one starts chanting, "Guyses, Guyses!".
"... we opened your door and saw you sleeping so we made you breakfast and then watched tv while we eated." You walk back in to see the little one coming to you, chanting. You lean right on down there and place your hand on his head. He stops and you look him in the eyes. "Where did you come from slugger?" Slugger? Really? Are you turning into your dad?
"IDK." He says it as the letters. Can't tell if its cute or annoying. You stand back up.

"I'm calling the authorities to help with the boys.", pulling out your phone to start dailing. Probably shouldn't call 911. Not a "real" emergency. You start looking up the local number. 
"Sure, turn them into ophans." She says in an insufferable tone. She is getting less attractive by the second.
You want to respond. You think better of it, when you hear a "clack" on your phone. You switch hands and find a ring on your finger. "Ha. haha." you laugh robotically, not really all the funny.
"What exactly is so funny about this?" She starts up a scale that nearly goes out of human hearing. As she turns around, you look down at her hand, then start to move toward her, sqauting down at her level. As you move, you correct intentions, "Look at this."

Her face gets twisted in confusion, and you grab her left hand with your right. Bringing it up to chest level. You make a fist and she glances down to see your ring, and her face looks of dissapointment, then eyes go wide as she looks at her own hand.
You bump fists and the rings clack together.
"Boop". You boop are nose with your other hand. You've been wanting to do that since you woke up. She coveres her face with both hands, except for her still wide eyes. The kids watch TV. The dog barks.
You grin.