Today was just the average day. Another case solved a few days back meant I could take it easy. Terri, my receptionist, was fielding off the many phone calls I got daily, unless it was from someone important she had no reason to bother me. She would get all their details and relay the info to me later. 

Lunch was the usual. Heading to my favourite sushi bar with a few other colleagues, one in particular I was happy to spend some time with. She was beautiful. Her hair glowed yellow in the bright sunlight, her smile could light up a room and she had my sense of humor. She was the perfect woman and she was happily married. We both knew there was something there between us, but after an awkward first few months, we had quickly realised we were like siblings and the idea of anything romantic between us seemed laughable. People honestly thought we were. Same hair colour, same eyes, same sense of humor. People just assumed our last names were different due to marriage. 

I always kept my office locked. After an incident a few years back with an ex employee, it was something I was always diligent about. However much I trusted Terri, she wasn't even allowed to set food in my room alone without explicit permission. Today was no different. She wasn't at her desk when I returned. She would be off having lunch with her own little work clique. I unlocked the office door and walked inside. The smell of stale morning coffee hit my nose as I closed the door behind me. The room was just as I left it. I sat down in my seat and pulled the closest file to me and opened it. 

"No!" My stomach fell as I gazed into a small boys eyes, his smile reaching his little eyes. I knew that little boy, I knew the soft toy he was holding. It was in a box back home. His blue eyes bore into mine as I looked at the picture. This had to be a joke, but the file, it wasn't the one I had been working on before I left. I picked up the folder under it. The woman who starred back at me as I opened it was the file I had left on top of the pile. This was a new one. 

I checked the notes quickly. Evan Patterson, went missing June 23rd 1966 from his home in Anaheim, CA. No sign of a break in, both parents were constantly looking for him. The case had been cold from the beginning. The child had never been recovered. 

I noticed movement outside of the room, Terri was back from her lunch. Her high heeled shoes clicked as she moved behind her desk and sat down. 

I lunged out of my seat and quite violently opened my office door. 

"Where you in my room when I was gone?"

"No sir, I left ten minutes after you,"

"Are you sure?" 

"Yes sir, I don't have a key, remember, you only give one to me when I really need it."

I nodded, "yes, sorry, but did anyone come by and maybe go inside?"

She shook her head, "what's going on?"

Then who the hell left this case file on my desk? "Nothing, can you please look up case CA3401?"

"Just give me five minutes and I'll print you the info,"

"Thank you."

I went back into my room, closing the door behind me. It's got to be a trick. She'll get the notes and it will be some other random kid on the pages, with no connection to me at all. Hell, I grew up in New Mexico with my mum and dad. I was born there. It's all on my birth certificate. I sighed and picked up the folder again. The whole folder felt so old and aged though. If someone had decided to prank me, they must have played the long game here, or at least left the folder in a musty, damp room for a good few months. 

Terri walked in a few minutes later and placed the printouts on the desk and left briskly. I liked her, she wasn't much for pointless chitchat, knew when to ask if I needed anything. I would fight tooth and nails to keep her if she ever threatened to leave the company. 

I pulled the printouts to me. The same face was looking back at me, only there were more pictures. I had never seen those ones before. Pictures of me with a strange man and a woman hugging me, me with a dog, me in front of a strange house. I knew it was me. There in one of the pictures was a mole I'd had removed in my 20s from my torso. I sunk down in my seat, my stomach sinking low in my chest, threatening to fall out of my body. How can this boy be me? Who the hell were my mum and dad then? The dog, it was called Chester, I'd named my plush toy after the dog. I had always asked my mum and dad where my dog had gone, but they'd always insisted I'd never had one. I needed answers... 

tbc...