I had 15 near death experiences in the last year. Shouldn't really be surprised, I work at Wal-Mart, don't drive to often, and generally not a clumsy guy. But this buddy of mine, nearly 300 near death experiences. Same job as me, we carpool so if it was that we would have closer numbers. 

I'm not sure what else he does, cops have and average 200. Maybe he's clumsy and is always a step away from death. Maybe he's a drug addict. It's possible his husband is abusive. It's possible he's abusive to his husband, and the husband thought about killing him nearly every day.

These yearly reports really leave you wondering if you know a person, and they've never been wrong. Those things come straight from The Machine. No edits, no miscalculations, no forgery, ever. But it only gives to the public what you want to share. People can hide their earnings, their time on certain sites, the amount of times they had sex, so he must be okay with people knowing.

A cry for help perhaps? Or a brag of some sorts.? Well if he's okay with people knowing ill just ask him on the way to work tomorrow.

Next Day

I pull into his drive way and give a quick push of the horn, he's usually on time, but I have caught him a few times asleep. I bring up my phone and browse the internet for a bit, waiting for him to open his door.

A minute passes, a quick horn. Two minutes, a text. At 5 minutes, I try his phone, no answer. At 10 minutes I've called him twice and texted him again. At 15 I get off, and knock on his door.  No answer, but its unlocked.

"IRVING" I yell coming inside. His dog isn't here, maybe he finally quit and left town like he's been wanting to for months. Asshole could've at least told me. I'll take a look around, just in case he got drunk and passed out

"IRVING! You here bud?" No answer, I guess he's gone. But his bedroom door has a note.

"To those I've left behind, I tried to live with this..." No. Nonono. I try to open his door but it's locked. "Mother fucker, what have you done." 

I throw myself against the door hearing it crack. I try again, full force. It gives way to a scene I won't get out of my head for years, if ever. 

He's dead, across his neatly made bed, gun on the floor, blood everywhere. I look down at the note.

"...pain, I did, I really tried. I don't want to anyone else to suffer because of me..." I can't read it. This wasn't meant for me. But I know why he left the Near Death public. In his own, twisted, way he wanted to lessen the blame people will put in themselves. Fucking Irving. I wipe my eyes and call the police.