(I'm about halfway through my response as I type this intro bit. This one is hard to write. I'm close with my dad, who is getting up there in years even though he is in excellent health, and I've put more of him into the story than I meant to. And my screen keeps getting blurry for some reason)

Dad was a good man, kind and gentle. There was a strength to him, in his soul as well as his gnarled hands. He was slow to anger and quick to forgive, and those hands of his were skillful, quick and precise when applying a bandaid or fixing a broken toy. He was the kind of man I wanted to be, and while he hadn't thought so I found I had never quite met his measure.

The funeral was yesterday.

They put him in the ground next to mom. They were together again, hadn't been apart long. Her death had hit him hard, and it wasn't even a year later that he passed. He had said a man could die from a broken heart, I thought it was just a thing he put in the stories he told. Maybe he was right.

I smiled in memory as I sat at the old dining room table in the house I'd grown up in. I sat in my seat, the seat at the table that had been mine since I was a little boy and looked at his empty chair. The house was dark. The house was quiet. The house wasn't home. Not without mom and dad. It hadn't been home for a long time, not since I got married, and now I realized it never would be again.

I thought if the endless hours we had spent together in the basement, playing with his model trains. He had had it set up so cleverly, the train could run for an hour and not cross the same section of track twice. I remember being little, he held me in his arms and told me stories about the little people in the little town as I drifted off to sleep, when he would carry me up to bed. They were so fun, so fascinating, the intricate but mundane lives of these tiny people. It was the stories I would miss most. I cried as I sat in the stillness, remembering.

I don't know how long I had been there when I heard a voice. I opened my eyes to see the little mayor, who happened to also run the train timetables, standing on the table, his hat in his hands.

"Master James?" he asked in a voice surprisingly loud and deep for his tiny form. "It's true, then?"

My immediate thought was hallucination, a thought I had no intention to entertain. "Yes. He died about a week ago."

The mayor nodded sadly. "I thought it might be coming soon. A pity."

"He was a good man." I said in agreement.

"No, sir, he was a great man." the mayor said with a surprising amount of conviction. "The greatest man I ever met. God rest his soul." there was a moment of silence then he continued. "I hate to trouble you in your grief, but without your father, it has been a dark time. The sun has not shown in days. The train doesn't run. A beast, a rat, has been harassing the town."

I looked at him, dumbstruck. "What... What do you think I should do?"

"What is right. What is needed. We have nothing to offer you but our gratitude, but I thought to approach you anyway."

"Why?"

"Because you are your father's son. I've known you since you were a babe, I've known your father for longer." the mayor said as if that settled it.

"i don't... I don't know how. I don't have his wisdom. His patience."

"No, you don't. Not yet. But you will. Will you help us?"

I made up my mind, then. I would make dad proud.