The first time was during my job, well, my former job, because since this started, I had never stopped, in my former job I was bored and at the time I had ended with the first part of my requisition, I laid on the chair's back, intending to take a breath, I remember thinking wat to do next, and in the middle of my thought process I tapped on the table.  
Tap, tap, tap.   
I stopped, pouting, while thinking of my next course of action.  
Tap.

The next moment, my point of view wasn't the same, the old computer's monitor wasn't in front of myself, instead i was surprised by a really bright light that blinded me on the spot, I felt pain on my ears.

Hoong!

The sound of a car's horn, the sound of tires skiddeing, and the sound of metal coliding echoed on my ears, when my vision was regained, a pile of  police cars is what entered y vision, majority of them suffered collisions on the intention of avoiding running over me.

I felt scared and without thinking I escapped far from there, I stopped when I was tired, and I sat on a park bench and my brain started working again.

The first thing I noticed was the fact that it was night, when just a moment ago I was on the middle of a bright and boring day, nextly I became aware of the change of scenario in just an instant, I felt really confused and then I asked myself.

"Where am i?"

I looked to my phone and looked through, understanding quickly my ubication. My thoughts were:

I was a office Worker in The United States, How the fuck i arrived on England?

From that day on, I started to know more about my "power", I intended to adapt myself but I was somewhat showy, well, not "me", but my accent, and I understood by chance that I appeared in the middle of a police persecution, and for what i heard, more than half of the policemen died by avoiding a "sudden sillouette", a thing that actually was seen on a highway footage, and for what I understood, I "saved" a "suspected" terrorist from being arrested.

It wasn't long after when the next "teleport" ocurred, I was hell nervous in a Starbucks coffee, thinking of that happened, on the fact that i didn't knew how to adapt my self to my new "home", and the fact my objects were still uncompatible with the devices over here, thus with a coffee on hand, I started tapping on the table.

Tap, tap, tap, tap.

The next thing I was seeing was a sudden full blue panorama, in the middle of the air and a grand mass of water under myself, I started to fall into it.

I was above the Sea. I fell down, and started sinking, my clothes were heavy under the sea so I too it off, grabbing my wallet and swimming to the surface of the water, while swimming i spotted something from the corner of the eye, it was a lady drowning not far from me, and for what i discovered, she was so desperate she didn't noticed me.

I calmed her down, and after arriving to the bank of the sea I understood that I was on Miami, she was a diver but whe happened to dive really deep and her boat was dragged by the tide, when she noticed, she started to lost composture, and soonly after, I appeared above water.

With a dead phone, and practically nowhere to stay, I tried to adapt, once again, I got to be helped by the girl, which helped me to get some foundation.

However, it happened again.

And again, and again, and again.

It was Japan, I happened to appear on the momment before someone was about to be rapped/killed/something.  
It was Russia, in the middle of a frosty tundra, with a bleeding man that just escapped from an agry and hungry bear.  
It was Brazil, in the middle of the Amazona's river, someone was being dragged by the current.

I never got to stay in a sole place, fortunately, I somewhat mantained contact woth those I saved, whom happened to be masters of some acivity and somewhat wealthy.

I eventually grew accustommed, to the point I developped an Intuition to when a new teleport was necessary or was going to happen 'cause I am so distracted.

I do started to atract attention, however, I didn't cared, after all, usually I dissapear some hours after, of various months after, of course, I always warn my "clients" before hand, for when I dissapear they don't get overly surprised and confused, I also started learning some languages for me to be able to communicate with the victims, after all, it isn't as if I can stop this.