“That was freakin’ awesome!” Devil squeals. “How ‘bout I be god this time? That way you get to destroy everything.”
	
As God stares at the burning planet, his heart aches. He doesn’t understand this feeling, he’s never felt it before. They created the dinosaurs, watched them grow. So why would Devil destroy them? What was the purpose of hitting them with an asteroid?
	
“But I don’t wanna destroy anything.”
	
“Well, that’s just ‘cuz you ain’t done it yet.”
	
God shakes his head. “No. It’s not that. I just…I liked watching the dinosaurs grow. Our planet was coming along so nicely. Let’s rebuild and see what new beings we can create, okay? No destruction.”
	
Devil cocks a brow. “That sounds boring.”
	
“Think about it. We can create people like us!”
	
“But then we wouldn’t be the strongest.”
	
“That doesn’t matter. We would have friends!”
	
“That’s stupid,” he mumbles, crossing his arms. “We have each other.”
	
“I’m going to keep building,” God says, and with a flick of his fingers, the fire’s gone. “I wanna see if I can create people just like us.”
	
With a flick of his fingers, Devil returns the fire, and him and God exchange vicious glares. “*I. Want. To. Destroy!*”
	
“*Then go somewhere else!*”
	
They stare at each other, hurt. They’ve never disagreed before, never argued. They don’t know what any of this means, but know they can’t be near each other. At least not now. Their views…they’re too far apart.
	
“*Fine!*” Devil shouts, storming off. “*Go ahead, make people! I’ll destroy them, I’ll corrupt them, I’m make them suffer!*”
	
“*And I'll make sure they always rebuild! Always oppose you!*”
	
With Devil gone, God gets rid of the fire and stares at his planet. It’s heavily damaged, but with time, he can fix it. There’s this vision in his mind of a beautiful city covering the entire world, with buildings and millions of people like him living in it.
	
He doesn’t know how he’ll achieve it, but does know he’ll never let Devil destroy this planet ever again. It’s his creation. It’s the only thing he has.
***
Hope this is good! Thanks for the prompt. If you like this story, check out my sub r/longhandwriter or my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter?lang=en)