"What's the status on Operation Siberian Tiger?" Lotus asks, checking his Status Sheet.

"Pending," says Dora Sue. "Actually, we're going to have to keep that to inactive." 

"Ok," says Lotus. "Inactive. Operation Harambe?" he asks.

"We're going to have to move that to red. Inactive," says Zarathustra. 

"Oh yeah? What happened there?" asks Lotus.

"Well, Department of Homeland Security got wind of it, apparently," says Zarathustra.

Feathers, the new guy, can see Dora Sue smile to herself. 

Lotus looks up from his Status Sheet with sudden annoyance. "It's already been leaked? I mean, it's been leaked?" 

"I heard from my guy inside at FBI," says Zarathustra. 

"I thought you said Homeland Security?" asks Lotus. 

"Yeah, that's what I meant." 

"Wait so Homeland Security or FBI got credit for that?" asks Lotus. "I mean, figured it out."

Feathers watches in amusement. Every time something goes on the Status Sheet it gets leaked to either the FBI, or Homeland Security, or the Distract Attorneys office. Feathers needs Dora Sue, Zarathustra, and Lotus for their expertise in the field. Despite being covert government operatives, they have a surprising amount of expertise, as well as contacts in the Animal Liberation Front. 

"Homeland Security," says Zarathustra. "Hey, what's going on with that sting operation on Pfizer's animal testing facility?" he asks Lotus. 

"Well you know, we haven't been able to pull all the pieces together yet, but it's in motion," says Lotus. 

"So that's inactive too?" says Zarathustra.

"Yup," says Lotus.

"Wait so do we have anything in the pipeline at this point?" asks Dora Sue. "Anything on green?" 

It reminds Feathers of when he worked at an actual corporation. 

"Feathers?" Lotus asks. 

Feathers looks up. "Lotus, you knew Rod Coronado when he liberated the 'Three Thousand' from that UC Davis lab right?"

"The rats? sure did," says Lotus. "What, you got a plan?" 

"How'd he do it?"

"Well, it's not that complicated. I mean, there's an Intrusion Detection and Isolation Protocol at most of these labs, which you can hack pretty easily with a signal detector, you know, one of those ISM jammers. They're not hard to build, you just need a few things from Best Buy. I can write you a list. Why? You got a project in mind?" 

Feathers keeps on thinking about those turkey poults in the nephrotoxins lab at the University, the way the researchers know their kidneys are ready for testing by the amount of soft down they've grown on their wings, and the way the little birds shriek when they're put under. He looks at Lotus, Zarathustra, and Dora Sue, all waiting for him expectantly, Lotus with a pen and his Status Sheet at the ready. 

"Nope," says Feathers. "I got nothing. See y'all next week?"