It wasn't easy to get in, you know.

I just want to make that clear.  It wasn't easy at *all*.  I worked out, far, far harder than I had to to get through the Academy back in the day.  I put the hours in.  I learned slang.  I learned all of the tags, and the little indicators that the gangs used to communicate.  I got *tattoos* for this assignment.  And I memorized the faces of the cops who worked in the area, just in case.  Granted, it was easier for me than for some - Having a photographic memory is very, very useful - but it was a *lot of work* regardless.

But here I was, a member of the Grey Street Union at last.  We'd - the FBI, that is - been investigating them for months now.  They were tied up in drug deals through the whole city, with a host of other violence-related charges tied to their name.

And it all came down to me, and them, sitting in this deserted bar.

It was two months after I had joined.  I had tracked them down, relentlessly piecing together hang-out locations and building connections.  It had been in the works for years, really, I was just the one who actually got the green light and made it in.

It all should have been perfect.  The perfect, undercover job to plump up my resume and send my career to the top.

But I couldn't shake the feeling that something smelled.  Bad.

So here I sat.  The other members sat around me, laughing and bantering and spitting profanity at each other.  The bartender was pretending to be blind and deaf, as usual, but was *excellent* at having the next drink ready right as you finished the first.  Jim, the tall fellow covered in tattoos next to me, slammed into my arm as he roared with laughter.  My drink spilled all over the bar.

That was about enough of that.

"Can we cut the crap, for a minute here, fellows?"  My voice was deceptively calm and even.  They all stopped, turning to stare at me.  I had spoken without swearing, without any accent or the drawl I had picked up to make them all comfortable.

They stared.

"....Steve?"  Jim ventured.  "Sorry about your drink, man.  Chill out."

I grinned- Well, ok, it really came out more as a grimace.  

"All right.  Honest hats on, everyone.  What agencies are you from?"

You could have heard a pin drop.  Everyone continued to stare at me.

"Oh, come on.  I *told* you all I have a crazy memory.  I know something's wrong.  

"Are- are you a cop?"  Chris stammered out, pointing at me.  "Narc!    He's a fucking narc!"  

I leveled a glare at him.

"Chris, your real name is Christian.  You work for the City Police, in their drug unit."  He gaped.

"What- I- How do you- No, I don't!"  


I laughed.

"Good recovery.  But, yeah, you left your badge in your bag three weeks ago after we went to work out together.  Saw it when you grabbed your towel.  Only took a bit of digging after that.  What, had to go straight there or something?"  He turned bright red.

"....Wife packed my bag that morning.  *Told* her to leave it alone.  Didn't see she stuck my badge in until it was too late.  She never really *gets* the fact I'm undercover.  Hoped you didn't see it."

"Oh, I saw it."  I laughed, taking another gulp of my drink.

"Wait."  This came from Tom, from the other side of the bar.  "You're City Police?  Bull-fucking-shit." 

Christian stammered out an unintelligible response, not sure if he should launch into an aggrieved defense or continue denying that he was police.

I turned to Tom.

"Ah, right.  Tom, from the City Police investigations unit, right?"  Tom and Christian turned to stare at each other.  "Always wondered how you two wound up in here together, from the same department and all.  Your bureaucracy must be royally fucked up.  You guys need to work on your communication."  

Both blushed, and kept their silence.  I sighed, and turned back to the rest.  

"How long are you guys going to keep pretending?  Shall I start naming *more* names?"

A few minutes later, they were out of the closet as well.  What a motley crew we were, a smattering of officers and agents from Police Departments and Law Enforcement agencies across the state and country.  

Now they all just stared at each other sheepishly.  I sighed again, finishing off my drink.  A replacement slid into arm's reach.

"So....How did you *know*, Steve?  This was a dumb-fucking move, you know that?  If even one of us had been legit, you'd be in a mess.  If more of us were, well..."  He shook his head.  I only laughed.

"Like I said.  Crazy memory.  Some of you were sloppy, sure, like Chris there and his lovely wife.  Some I looked up in the staff directories,  once I knew your faces.  But you know what really tipped me off?"  They shook their heads mechanically. 

"You guys never *do* anything.  You sit around,  and talk,  and occasionally pass around an evidence-room baggie of shitty drugs.  Yes, Jim, I noticed.  Stop pilfering evidence from your department."  I cut off the larger man before he could speak up.  His mouth shut with an audible *clack*.

"You never actually fight,  either.  Oh,  you'll go push some guys around.  Rough 'em up a little.  Put on a nice show.  But you just *stare* at each other,  more than you do your poor victim.   Like you're making sure nothing too awful happens,  and that everyone *sees* that you're participating.  Good fucking job."

We all sat in silence,  then.  I had tired myself out,  and the others were still looking around anxiously.  Finally,  Jim broke the silence. 

"So I guess that's it,  then."  He said, nursing his drink. "We fucked this all up.  Fucked it up hard.  So I guess we're done.  There's no point."

"Man, I don't want to go back to a desk job."  Christian said quietly as he stared at the bar. 

Truthfully, I didn't want to go back to the desk either.  This was my first gig. I was supposed to *be* someone.

My mind was racing now. 

"Or..."  I began,  tentatively.  "We could not."

They all looked up. 

"...What do you mean?"  Christian began,  cautiously.  I grinned.  The pieces were falling into place. 

"No one knows all of this but us,  right?  And it's not *our* fault that the higher ups fucked this one,  is it?  Why should we have to take the fall?"

They were all nodding now. 

"So I say tonight never happened.  Delete any recordings you've got from those mics I know you're all wearing.  We go back to it.  Let's have some *fun* with it and put on a show for them.  Sound good?"  It was slow,  but they were starting to grin at the thought of it. 

I was grinning too.

Twenty minutes later, we had stumbled out of the bar into the night. 

Standing behind the bar, the bartender checked one last time to see we were gone,  and then emerged to lock the door. 

He, too, was grinning.  Tonight had brought him some information that would be quite valuable. 

His boss at the DEA would be very grateful for this bit of conversation, he was sure.  He might even get a promotion, and a better assignment.  His career would be on its way to the *top*.

(/r/inorai, critiques always welcome!)               