I like to believe we brought hope and light to communities torn apart by war. When the last of our nation's tanks rolled out and the troops had departed, we swept in to pick up the pieces. We were always well guarded, our work overseen by snipers nestled in places even we couldn't see. It was dangerous work. Creating a garden in itself is a huge challenge, but to do it in the middle of a war zone was something else entirely.

It was about a year into the campaign in Andalusia. It was one of the bloodiest fronts in a war that had drawn the closest of allies into conflict with one another and the bitterest of enemies into uneasy coalitions. I arrived with my squad under a brilliant hot sun and we set to work. Sergeant Nimez collected our equipment bags from the armoured truck and I checked over the sprayers, ensuring they were full and primed.

It may be worth mentioning at this point our protocol before we were permitted to leave the base and head out on a mission. Full-body protective gear and helmets were issued to each one of us and fitted by base attendants. Over the top of this we wore rubberised gloves and boots which would protect us while clearing away shrapnel and preparing the ground. The final touch were AR visors which fixed in place over our helmets. The visors provided detailed heads-up information on our environment and warned us of any un-detonated explosives in our vicinity. The suits were bulky and couldn't be removed without help, but they were what allowed us to do our job.

I handed sprayers to each of my team and went over our operating procedures as was protocol each time we arrived at a new site.

'Alright, listen up. First order of the day is spraying the entire area. Nimez and Coyle - I want you on clean-up today. Get rid of the larger debris so we can get to work prepping the ground. Once the site is clean we'll get to digging and the boys back at base will take care of the rest. Understood?'

'Sir!'

'Good. Remember, your spray packs are highly pressurised and contain a mixture of pesticides and chemical soil treatments. If the jet doesn't rip a hole through you, then you sure as hell don't want any of this stuff getting in your face. I speak from experience - it burns worse than you can imagine and stinks to high heaven. Let's get to it.'

We worked in silence, slowly spraying in well-practiced unison. Nimez and Coyle walked ahead of us, shifting debris and clearing a path for us. The ground crunched under our feet as we proceeded and I could hear a faint hissing and popping as the spray compound got to work below. We reached the edge of the designated area and doubled back on ourselves, once again spraying the ground we'd just covered.

As I walked, something suddenly pinged on my HUD and I froze. A small blue-lit outline blazed white-hot under Coyle's feet.

I tried to yell a warning: 'Coyle! Get d--'

A deafening shriek cut the air and a shock wave flung us all to the ground like rag dolls. I scrambled to my feet, trying to catch my breath. I looked around, but my vision was fuzzy.

'Damn visor is busted,' I muttered. 'Is anybody else...'

I never did finish that sentence. My visor had taken a hard impact when I fell and the HUD now flickered in and out of life. One moment I saw a pockmarked field littered with rubble, while the next I saw a sea of corpses as far as the horizon. Where my team had walked, the bodies were on fire. Where Nimez and Coyle had been clearing, there were piles of the dead shifted aside to make room for our advance.

'Captain? Are you OK?' a voice called.

I spun on my heel, reeling from the nightmarish scene before me. Sick to my stomach at the true nature of our work. Uncertain what to think or what to do.

'I-I think I--'

A sound like thunder stopped me short. I caught the distinctive glimmer of a speeding bullet in the corner of my vision. So that's where the damn sniper was...