Really late into the night, just back from working her minimum wage retail drudgery that people kept insisting on calling a job, June mindlessly scrolled through her phone. 

After eight hours on her feet she just wanted to go to sleep without having to deal with her noisemaker neighbors across the street.

The party animals across the way didn't seem to understand the concept of piece and quiet. June was still hopeful that this night would be different, as she'd gotten home and noticed that their house was silent for once.

Finally a quiet nights rest.

Then again...maybe too quiet. 

Then all at once a loud series of bangs at the front door followed by the mother of all crashes. June sat in shock, mind screaming at her to hide— but she just lay frozen in bed, phone having fallen from her hand.

Suddenly June found herself surrounded by men in full tactical gear that looked like something straight out of a movie. The big bright white letters of SWAT emblazoned on their chests, and there backs.

"What the—" is all June can manage before one of the men shush her. The man's badge read, 'COOPER'

Cooper brought a hand to his ear and seemed to be whispering into a radio, "The Asset: Bug, is secure sir, no sign of The Calamity."

"Ma'am, apologies for the intrusion," whispered the man, badge name reading 'DAKOTA'; who seemed to be the head SWAT team member- with bright yellow letters emblazoned on his bulletproof vest instead of the white ones, "But you're in significant danger."

"From who?!" June whispered, "I don't understand?!"

"It's not a who..." the man whispered gravely, "It's a...what."

June sat up sharply as an unearthly wail sounded from across the street. Two of the SWAT team members simultaneously made the sign of the cross as a few others swore quietly under their breath.

"What do you mean it's not a who it's a—what?"
June demanded, whispering harshly at Dakota.

Cooper spoke softly to Dakota, "We heard them sir, and Asset Bug isn't activated sir, what do we do?"

Dakota turned towards me, "I— Asset Bug, 'Code Activation: Marionette is the Puppeteer."

And that's when June blacked out; and JUNE BUG took hold.