"We have just over a quarter tank of fuel left, and none of my instrument panels are working."

Gregory Manson pulled his glasses down and, using his thumb and first finger, rubbed the bridge of his nose. 

His copilot, Matt Burke, was seated in the captains chair next to him. 

"Boss, what do you think is going on?"

"I don't know," Greg replied. "I've flown this route at least 100 times and I've gotta admit, this is freaking me out."

Greg was a veteran airline pilot with over 25 years of flying experience under his belt. He'd survived 6 engine failures, 2 emergency landings, and at least 1 attempted hijacking. But this by far was one of the creepiest scenarios he'd ever found himself in. Matt on the other hand is what you'd call a "greenhorn" in the airline industry. This was his fifth flight off of his mandatory orientation. However, just because he was new to airlines didn't mean he wasnt a good pilot. He served in the 107th fighter wing division as an F18 pilot for the past 3 years. If there were two pilots who could figured out what the hell was going on and what they were gonna do about it, Matt and Greg were the men to have in the cockpit.

Outside the cockpit was eerily quiet despite the situation at hand. Lead stewardess Amelia Andrews unlocked the internet and movie channels to allow patrons of Oceanic flight 479 to enjoy free movies and web browsing to keep their minds off what was going on outside. One passenger was seated in the back row of the plane wearing a dark suit with a breifcase in his lap. The passenger, identified as John Smith on his nametag, just sat staring blankly ahead. Amelia walked up and asked if he needed anything. Mr. Smith gave her no answer. Amelia tried again with no success. Mr. Smith just sat there, hands planted palms down on the cover of his breifcase. With a slight shiver, Amelia turned and walked back towards the front of the plane. 

Back in the cockpit Greg attempted to reach ground control.

"Ground Control from Oceanic Air Flight 479, come in Ground Control." No response aside from a slight buzz of the radio. "Ground Control from flight 479. Come in Ground Control". Still no answer.

Matt picked up his radio mic. "Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Does anyone copy this radio transmission?" No answer to his cry for help either. 

Back outside the cockpit, the passengers sat. Most engrossed in the internet, others in a free movie, and the occasional older person nose deep in a book. Still, Mr. Smith sat staring blankly ahead in seat 109. 

Amelia turned to her assistant steward, Jack O'Neill, and asked, "have you spoke with the gentleman in seat 109? The one with the suit and breifcase." 

Jack looked at her puzzled, "no one was in that seat when we first took off. I don't remember seeing anyone in a suit with a breifcase anywhere in the back of plane." 

Amelia looked troubled, "he definitely wasn't at the front of the plane when I did my rounds. I didnt notice him til all this crazy stuff started happening. I'm going to see if Greg or Matt remember him boarding in Beijing."

Matt and Greg sat in their seats at a loss for what next steps to take. 

"No answers on the radio, dense cloud cover up ahead, and no instrument panel. We're flying blind Matt."

"Yeah, but what I don't get is why our fuel gauge still hasn't moved. It's almost like it's stuck." 

His copilot was right. Despite the fact that they had been flying for quite some time, the fuel gauge still read about 3/8 full. It was almost as if the plane had been frozen in time and stopped burning fuel.

There was a light tap on the cockpit door. Matt spun around to open it. Amelia stood in the doorway. 

"Do either of you remember a gentleman with a suit and breifcase board the plane in Beijing?"

Matt and Greg looked at each other and shook their head.

Greg grabbed the flight manifest from the overhead compartment. "All passengers are listed on here along with their respective seats. Take a look and see if he's here."

Amelia thumbed through the manifest until she found seat 109.

"Seat 109: UNOCCUPIED", the manifest reported. Amelia stood dumbfounded. She searched names by alphabetical order and to her amazement could not find anyone by the name of John Smith on board. 

On the last page of the manifest Amelia found that the total number of souls on board were 124. Amelia walked back to the cabin and began counting. 

"Everyone remain seated, per protocol with the unusual circumstances, I need to take a headcount. Amelia started at the front, (1, 2, 3, 4.......)

She got to seat 109 and to her horror found it empty aside from a breifcase laying on the floor. She finished her count and had a grand total of 124. However, she never saw Mr. Smith during the count. It was as if he vanished almost as quickly as he appeared just minutes before. 

By now most of the passengers had finished their movies, or surfed enough of the web. 

"I need some peanuts" one woman called out.

"How about some whiskey," another passenger yelled. This request was greeted with murmurs of agreement.

Jack spoke up on the loudspeaker. "Unfortunately we are unable to provide any drinks or snacks at this time. But I assure you that the pilots are working with folks on the ground to figure out what's going on and we should be in Seoul momentarily."

There was grumbling and complaining in response. If the situation wasn't rectified soon, all hell was going to break out on Oceanic Flight 479.

Amelia pulled Jack away from the loud speaker and both went into the cockpit. 

"Theres no sign of Mr. Smith," Amelia said. 

"That's impossible," Jack replied. "People don't just vanish on a plane."

"I'm being serious. And worse off, he was never even on the manifest. There's no one by the name of John Smith and seat 109 was listed as unoccupied on the manifest. All that's left there is his breifcase."

"I'll go check it out," Matt replied. He stood up from his chair and walked out the cockpit door." He was greeted by stares and bombarded with questions almost immedistely.

"El Capitan," one gentleman said. "So what's the deal. Any idea when were landing this thing?"

"Of course he has no idea when we're landing. He doesn't even know what the hells going on," another voice called from a few rows back.

"We're all gonna die," one woman screamed. At that comment, panic ensued and there were 100 voices talking and screaming at once.

Matt tried to get a hold of the situation. "Everyone listen up. As you're all aware, something weird is going on. And honestly I'm not sure what it is exactly. We're working with people on the ground to try to figure something out. But don't panic, we still have plenty of fuel and myself and Greg are going to get you all home safely."

Matt's smooth talking was enough to calm the passengers down, for now at least.

Matt found himself standing over seat 109 staring at the breifcase. He unlatched it. 

"Careful," Amelia said. "What if it's like a bomb or something?"

"Don't be ridiculous, they'd never let a bomb through airport security."

"Well, to be honest," Amelia replied, "I don't think this guy came through security."

Matt continued with the second latch and slowly opened the breifcase. What he found inside was both intriguing and terrifying.

Wires were going every which way in the brief case. They all led to a small clock secured in the center of the case. A clock that read 02:15. 

Amelia jumped.. "I told you it was a bomb!"

"A bomb?!" One passenger cried out. Shear panic broke out throughout the cabin. 

"It's not a bomb folks," Matt replied. "It's a clock of some sort. It says 02:15 which is shortly after we took off. It's not counting down and there doesn't seem to be any type of explosive devices in the briefcase. 

Matt was no expert on bombs but he knew enough from his time in the National Guard. He had just enough sterness in his voice to convince the passengers that all was ok. With that, they began to resettle in their seats. Some reluctantly, but again, Matt was able to keep the situation from getting out of hand. 

Matt carried the breifcase into the cockpit to show Greg. 

"Interesting," Greg said while studying the breifcase. "Let's cut the wires to turn off the clock."

"Do you think that's a good idea? I mean. We don't even know what it is," Jack replied. 

" What other choices do we really have? We're just sitting here as if we're frozen in time."

Amelia grabbed scissors from the stewardess cart and handed them to Greg. "It's your idea. You do the honors."

Greg grabbed the scissor with one hand and took a cluster of wires in the other. He looked at his fellow flight crew, shrugged, and said, "here goes nothing."

As Greg cut the wires the clock went blank. There was a sudden burst of turbulence. Oxygen masks fell from the overhead compartment as passengers started screaming. 

There was loud static on the radio as all the instruments stated functioning again. "Flight 479 from Ground Control. Come in Flight 479.

Greg picked up the mic... "Go to Flight 479."

The voice on the other end of the mic sounded relieved. "My God Greg, where have you guys been? We've been trying to reach you for the past 2 hours. There's a bad storm coming straight for you but if you stay on your current course you should reach Seouk within a half hour." 

"10/4 Ground Control, we'll prepare for descent towards Seoul." 

Greg updated the passengers over the loud speaker. The passenger cabin broke out into clapping and cheering. In just a short 30 minutes, all the passengers would be home.



