It was just a normal routine day at the United Planets Spaceship 2902 (UPS-2902) when me and my Spaceship-partner entered a New system. System 652 was a regular one at first sight. 1 star, 8 planets, an asteroid belt, and pretty much other stuff. The third planet counting from the star looked fishy to us both. Is was the only of them that had artificial debries in his orbit. 
Seing that, we parked UPS-2902 just where we could see then and they couldn't see us. At first glance we saw a strange thing that was pretty much everywhere. It was a liquid that, from our perspective, was blue. When we finaly stopped staring at the liquid we saw that there were a handful of living beings which seemed to habit out of the planet in what, it seemed, a primitive spacecraft that wasn't equiped at all for interstellar Journeys. Maybe the spacecraft was ment to protect and not to travel. 
We took about an hour (interstellar time standard measurement) to see that they were not alone. On the ground there were thousands, maybe even millions of living beings like the ones in space. Some black, some white, some even close to yellow. They had an anatomy relatively close to us, but instead of three eyes, two on the forhead and another on the cheast they just had the First 2. They had some funny clothes. Almost all of which were made with strange materials. Blue, Orange, with spots, stripes... All kind of wierd stuff. 
They were not alone in the planet. There were animals and plants that co-existed with them. That planet had it all! Ice deserts, Hot deserts, Oasis, Forests full of life, and seas of pure emptiness. The "early space criatures" were clearly the dominant specie. 
Back at the USP-2902 my companion said with a sad tone "Well... Unfortunatly it seems they are a War specie." I responded "Besides that, they are very interesting... They could be as good as us now, if not better". 
He was mind-blowed. "WHATTT?!" he said"Better than the ultimate race on the universe?" 
"YES, and you know why?"
"why?" he said in an angry tone
"because they fight for peace. No other specie that we know, not even ours, fight for peace. And that makes them better than any of us!"
We never talked again. 