Khnum stood upon the roof of his temple and looked out across the Nile to the city’s morning skyline. Silhouetted against the rising sun he could see all the trappings of a modern city. Tower-blocks, office buildings, radio masts…you name it, Aswan had it. Jutting out from the skyline he could make out the shadows of four great columns. Two were near the opposite bank, plain and imposing, while the other two were further off to the left, more slender and stylised and topped with minarets. Each pair marked the entrance to a great temple, the cathedral of Archangel Michael and the El-Tabia mosque respectively.

“Fucking Yahweh.” he muttered under his breath.

He sat down and sighed. What kind of god needed not one but two massive temples in a city anyway? Khnum laid back, closed his eyes, and drifted off into his favourite memories, just as he had done pretty much every day for a millennium. Not much else to do for a defunct Egyptian god.

Of course, back in the good old days Khnum was a big deal. After all he WAS the god of the Nile, or at least he was one of them. Every day thousands would come here and offer up their meagre gifts, praying for a bountiful harvest and peaceful days. They even built a massive temple complex on an island for him, simply to honour his glory. To be honest he never really listened to their prayers. They all wanted the same thing anyway: For the Nile to flood and their crops to grow, and it always would. Khnum liked things that grew, and enjoyed seeing new life emerge from the fertile banks. Being a river god was a pretty easy gig, but an important one, and one that Khnum relished.

Back then, Khnum could’ve wiped the floor with Yahweh. His followers – Jews they called themselves – were a pretty minor section of the population, and they were all peasants or slaves anyway. The little shrines they made for him were nothing compared to Khnum’s entire island.

“Yep, those were the good old days.” Khnum mumbled happily to himself.

Change came slowly at first, and then all at once. It began with the Greeks and Romans, bringing in their own weird deities. Some of them got a small following here, but mostly they kept to the coast. Change really began when Yahweh got those new PR agents in. Jesus was the first one, and he did wonders for Yahweh. Converting people wherever he went and making those people convert others. When the ‘Christians’ turned up, Khnum took a pretty big hit to his popularity.

But that was nothing compared to the next guy. When Mohammed showed up, Yahweh got even bigger. As if it wasn’t enough to convert the Roman Empire with Christians, the ‘Muslims’ as they called themselves established a whole new empire of their own, including Egypt! Including Aswan! From then on, Khnum’s worshipper-base fell to essentially nothing. The occasional nutjob, but no serious believers.

And now look at me! He thought. My temple is a fucking museum! And all Yahweh’s followers pace up and down MY halls and make semi-interested observations about the architecture! Me! The god of the Nile! Meanwhile Yahweh swans about the world chilling in whichever temple he wants. He never even comes here anymore!

“Fucking Yahweh.” he muttered again.
 Between the Christians and the Muslims, there wasn’t really much market for other gods apart from small villages in the middle of nowhere.

Khnum decided to walk south along the far bank of the Nile, across from the city. He found the sedate flow of the river helped to calm him down. As he paced the shore, he looked out at the massive tracts of farmland that still relied on the Nile. They didn’t even need him anymore thanks to fancy irrigation machinery. 

After a few hours of walking and contemplating though, a strange feeling came over him, one he hadn’t felt in a very long while. A whisper in his head, which brought memories flooding back.

“A prayer!” he whispered. “An actual prayer!”

Khnum broke into a sprint and followed the sound in his head, which grew louder as he came nearer. As he crested a small hill to his right the prayer became much louder, and he saw in the next field a small beaten up wooden shack. Khnum raced to it with an excited grin and his mind raced with him. An actual worshipper! It’s been so long! I hope I can help, I hope they’re nice! All these thoughts flashed through his mind.

Khnum reached the shed and paused for a moment to compose himself and catch his breath. He gently pushed on the corrugated iron door, to find an elderly man knelt before a simple altar. The man turned, and a look of horrified awe spread across his face. The kind of look you would expect from someone who had just met a topless man with a ram’s head. Khnum coughed, and with the best gravitas he could summon he said this:

“Greetings mortal. I am Khnum”

Edit: formatting