You know the Beta gate 2.3475? Yeah, the time line where I killed Hitler. My idea? 

You wouldn't believe it, it was genius! One word.

Bananas.

So listen here, I went gathered all the bananas I could. Not barrels, but truck loads. No, no, no. Probably ship loads. And-and then I went all the way back before his birth.

I got licensed as a German doctor, took me a darn 6 years. 

I stole the identity of the doctor nearby Klara's town. 

I killed that man. His family. His dog. I wore his flesh. 

*Woah woah woah*, I didn't *really* wear his flesh. Just a figure of speech. A figure of speech.

So here I was, living this guy's life, thinking: *what the hell do I do with all of these bananas?*

Then I thought: *what if... oh yes* 

On Hitler's day of birth, I made it so I was set up right there at their little home *coincidently*. 

As soon as I heard screams of pain, I went in and surprised them a little with my little doctor skit. 

They were pretty surprised if I do say so myself, but somewhat joyed nonetheless.

I helped them deliver the baby. Hitler was a cute baby. Without his stache, he kind of reminded me of that guy Emin Djinovci. Or does Emin Djinovci look like Hitler?

Oh so there I was delivering that cute baby. First thing I did was feed him a banana. I continued this trend of feeding Hitler bananas throughout his life. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and midnight snacks. 

So there I was on his 50th birthday. Year of the war. Up to this point he's been pretty much eating bananas. So one day, I didn't give him any bananas. He came up to my face and started yelling: *Wo ist meine Banane! Wo ist meine Banane!*

I fled the country, but observing from a distance. He became so obsessed with bananas, he began to take over other areas for them. Because of the war, there weren't any bananas in Germany or anywhere! I got a laugh out of that. 

He later died with a bullet to the head. 

I actually won because the lack of bananas, also known as, *bananus delpetus syndrome* drove him mad, which became a thing in history and was recorded as the cause of Hitler's motivation to killing the Jews. 
