We always referred to what we did as "work."

So when Jordan showed up with five sets of dollar store quality gloves, I got nervous. It was Jack who pointed out to me that kid actually thought we were working.

Then I remembered yesterday's conversations. I had said that "if we didn't want to go down, we'd need to keep our hands spotless on the next job." That's when Jordan got the idea for the gloves.

Jordan was a sweet kid. He was probably about 15 or so the first time he saw us all in the alley. We often met there, right behind the bistro, to discuss our next job. It was quiet enough to not expect a lot of foot traffic, but active enough to allow us to stand around with cups of coffee and discuss where we would hit next without looking sketch.

Far as we could tell, Jordan was delayed. Autism, maybe? He was seemingly left to his own devices daily. We figured at first he was homeless. The day he first saw us all in the alley, he hung around, appearing to listen for a bit. This freaked Howie out quick--he's the paranoid one--so he and Jack followed him around for a couple of days to see if he was "put up" by the cops or something.

Turns out, he was put out every day when his mother (who couldn't have been older than 30 at the time) left to go work a 12-hour shift at the truck stop diner. There didn't seem to be a father in the picture. So Howie and Jack let it go. After about a week of Jordan just hanging around about 10 feet away as we talked, Sam asked him to come over.

"Hey, kid. Come here!" Sam yelled. "What you doing around here?"

Sam was a sweet enough guy, but that scared Jordan a bit. Howie and Jack exchanged glances before Howie punched Sam in the arm. Vanessa just shook her head.

"Hey, sweetie, are you okay?" I asked Jordan. I slowly walked to him. "What are you doing here?"

"I came for my friends," said Jordan, shaking his head back and forth from left to right.

"Friends? Where? Who?" I asked.

He pointed to us.

From that day on, Jordan had a spot where we stood. He listened to us talk about "work."  We discussed later that day after Jordan walked to the truck stop diner for lunch that we'd need to develop code if Jordan were to keep coming around. But most importantly, Jordan could never know what we did, and as long as we lived, he could never be harmed by what we did.

For three weeks, daily, Jordan came up and said: "what's up, friends?" He'd always give us high fives, except for Vanessa. Vanessa got a kiss on the cheek. But one day, he didn't come alone. His mother walked with him.

As we walked up, Jack recognized her.

"That's his Mama," said Jack.

"Shit," Howie muttered.

"Jordan, Mommy wants to talk to your new friends. Can you walk over to the diner and wait for me? I'll be there soon." Jordan didn't acknowledge us, just walked away.

I stepped out ahead of the gang as Jordan's mom walked up.

"Hey, I'm Char--"

"I don't give two flying shits what your name is," Jordan's mom said. "What the hell are you doing with my son every day?"

I was floored. What had he been saying?

"Look," I said. "We meet up here for coffee, every day. We chat about work, about life, whatever. We've done it for years. Suddenly, Jordan starts showing up, listening to the conversations, chatting with us. That's it," I said.

"Maybe a better question," Jack said. "Is what the hell are you doing, letting him run the streets alone for twelve hours a day?"

She looked down at her hands.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I had Jordan when I was 15. My parents threw me out. His father was older than my parents when I was messing around with him. He bailed, and denied any responsibility. At school, Jordan kept getting beat up. He can't graduate anyway, so I didn't see the point in sending him anymore. Plus, he can't go to work with me. He wants to hold my hand when I try to deliver orders to the tables..." her voice wondered off.

"It's okay, you're right to be nervous," I said. "I'm Charlotte."

"Katherine," she said. "But I know who y'all are."

A knot built up in my throat. Howie's fist clenched. Vanessa stepped back. Jack didn't flinch.

"Robertson Bank. December 10th. 2003," she said as she pulled out a cigarette.

"So here's what you can do for me and my boy."

&#x200B;