"No! Bad girl! Bad Sophie! Stop chewing the cushions!" I yell as I grab the nearest spray bottle. I love my job, but god damn that one night every month is the *worst*. A couple jets of water begin to convince Sophie to give up her prey, but before I can free the seat from her mouth I hear a piercing yip. I turn around to see Jackson jump off his friend Riley, two puncture wounds in his shoulder. I sigh, "Riley, you know the rules, no biting! It's mean!"

"But Jackson tackled me and wouldn't get off!" She whines, small drops of blood dripping from her fangs.

I'm forced to leave the sofa cushions to their fate as I deal with Jackson's battle wounds. "Come on, you know how the werewolves get when on the full moon. You need to be forceful and tell him no! Come on, let's get him some band-aids."

As we make our way down the hall, a couple more werewolves, Bobby and Joe, rocket down the hall. Werewolf zoomies. All I can hope is that they tire themselves out before they break anything or hurt themselves. "I swear, with all the claws and teeth and fangs it's a miracle our budget isn't entirely wasted on these bandages." I mutter, opening our closet full of medical supplies. Jackson whimpers pathetically as I tend to his punctures. I turn to Riley with a stern look. "I've told you that your not supposed to ever bite people. It hurts and is not a nice thing to do. Now, what do you say to people you've hurt?"

"Sorry, Jackson."

"Good. Now go make sure Sophie hasn't destroyed the couch yet. I'm going to-"

Through the chaos I begin to hear a pounding on the door, and the sound of desperate crying.

"Oh not again."

I open the door to see Oliver, a young vampire, standing in the doorway, tears and snot streaking down his pale face.

"You left the house, didn't you?"

"Y-yeah." He says, sniffling as he struggles to get words out.

"You know you can't get back in unless I invite you, right?"

"Yeah"

"How long were you out there for?"

"T-twenty m-m-minutes."

The poor child looks absolutely pitiful. He must have been scared out of his mind. He's such a shy child already, and since people outside the orphanage don't often take kindly to kids like him, being stranded out there must have been torture.

"Do you promise not to go outside without supervision again?"

"Yeah. C-can I come in now?"

"Yes, of course. You can come in. Come here, buddy. I think it's nap-time for you."

I hook my hands beneath his arms as I pick up the distraught child, giving him a warm embrace. As I turn to go inside, just out of the corner of my eye I see Henry digging through the flower garden again. God damnit.

I hear a lapping sound as I pass the bathroom. Peeking my head in confirms my suspicion. Freddy's been drinking from the toilet again. He clearly heard me open the door, as he turns around to me and tries his best to give me the puppy-dog look.

"Fred, no drinking from the toilet. Bad boy."

He slumps down off the toilet, dirty water dripping from his snout.

Dawn's approaching. Sweet relief. It's time to get the vampires to bed. I bang the roof, dislodging a couple of bats that flutter down to my feet. "Asher, Penny, it's bedtime." With a pair of dejected squeaks they flutter up the stairs. I then turn to Riley, only to find she's once again pinned under Jackson, her teeth ready to bite again.

"Riley! Bedtime! And no biting!"

She then turns into a bat and flutters away from underneath Jackson. I then turn to Oliver, already dozing off in my arms, and tell him the same. He offers a weary smile, transforms, and flutters up to bed.

It's only a couple of minutes before the werewolves are passed out, too, all back to children. I pluck Sophie up, removing the cotton stuck in her teeth from the sofa, and carry her up the stairs. On my way I grab Fred, his face still sopping wet from toilet water. I carry them off and lay them both down gently on their beds. I find Bobby and Joe piled on top of each other, out cold. I hoist one on each shoulder and send them to their beds. I have to do a little digging to get Henry out of his hole. He's covered in dirt, but I'll have to wash him when he wakes up. Then finally I grab Jackson, making sure not to rub his wounds again. With every child in bed I call it another full moon survived. Every child is safe, sound, and happy in bed, and any day that ends with that is a victory in my book. The exhaustion hits me all at once now that the excitement's over. I can barely muster the energy to walk as I plop down on the bed, the first streaks of daylight breaking through my window.