Not once have I questioned my job. I do what I have to, just like he does his, just minus that whole aesthetic. I don't do the scythe. I don't do the robes, I don't do the skeleton. Just a slightly overweight man in a peacoat and slacks with a well kept beard. 

My job, is considerably more difficult than Grim's. When we were assigned, I originally had his job. That is, until after the first day he came crawling to me, never able to bring himself to do it. So I took it off his hands. 

It was jarring to get used to. I learned very quickly why my brother had problems with it. With standard death, you at least have someone who cares. Even if that "care" was that they're finally glad you kicked the bucket. It's one thing to be hated, it's another to be ignored. 

That is a punishment I wouldn't wish on the worst of people.

And it breaks my heart when it happens to the best. 

Nathaniel, died at age 23 in the 19th Century. He was young and hoped to go to Oxford, but that was cut off short when his sweetheart had to leave. Her drunkard of a father and many of his friends hit it too hard one night and ended up raping and murdering the girl's mother. They were hoping for a second round, even as they began to sober up, as if they passed the moral event horizon. Nathaniel was able to get her enough of his money for a train ticket out of the town and he would've followed her too if there was enough. So off she went leaving him behind to be discovered by her father, who was so enraged that they beat him so much he ended up having an severe aneurysm. The Constables end up finding and stoping them before he was killed, but the man was already paralyzed from the waist down. He died one year later getting a young boy unstuck from some factory machinery, although ended up severely injuring and killing himself as well. He was one of the hard ones to send away. 

But it wasn't *that* hard.

 I was in Eastern Europe. Not too far from good old Chernobyl, although in the actuality I was more just out side of the danger zone than the Sarcophagus itself. 

Sometimes when someone dies, they stay on the Earth to roam, despite having the option to truly move on. I thought this was another case. Probably some hippie who couldn't let go of the Ural or Caucus or whatever. But no, instead I found a lone log house a couple kilometer walk from a main highway.

I opened the door to look see a figure sitting on the ground in the middle of the room, holding a relatively thin book in front of them. 

If could only stare as she turned her eyes towards me. They were large and shone with a little twinkle that wasn't typically possible in the physical realm. The biggest thing that stuck out to me, is that they belonged to a living 7 year old. 