“What—” the man robed in black thrust his scythe, a weapon so black that it sucked the light from it’s immediate surroundings, into my hands. “I quit,” Death growled. “You’ll do the same, sooner or later,” he began walking away, but I stopped him. “Wait, what do you mean, you quit? You’re *Death*! You mean to tell me that you just… w-what?” I couldn’t wrap my head around the concept. Death turned to me and sighed. “Listen, my girl. I am responsible for taking every soul on my contract for the day, within the day, and nothing else. Once, I was in the tip of Siberia, and my contract was in Africa. *Fucking Africa*! And do you know how much I got paid for that?! Three pence! That’s it! Satan himself, king of Hell, gave the living incarnation of death **THREE FUCKING PENCE**!” Death was practically roaring now, and I worried that he might wake the entire city. “We don’t even use pence in Hell!” He groaned. “So, this is my gift. Do what you will with it. Satan can’t control you, cause you’re human, but he might get upset if you don’t follow the rules. Now if you don’t mind, I’m gonna go to the nearest pub and drink my sorrows away,” and with that, Death walked off. 

I carried the scythe over my shoulder as though it were a greatsword, and walked back in the house. I got a job for my eighteenth birthday. Unlike my best friend, who got an automatic crossbow mounted on the wrist, or my older brother, who got his own pyromancy flame. And right there on the table was my first contract. It read simply, ‘Death’. I sighed. “Better get more than three pence…” 

The nearest pub was the ‘Impaled Pig’, which definitely seemed like Death’s kind of shtick. I found him easily, and sat down next to him, placing the contract in front of him. “Oh, shit.” He said, before finishing his beer, throwing off his robe to reveal a tall skeleton, and running away, shouting “you can’t catch me!” I took a second to process the image of a tall skeleton sprinting, which was definitely the weirdest part of the day, and shrugged. Everyone in the pub was staring at me now. I picked up the scythe and followed, which was not hard because oddly enough Death had left little pieces of bone on the ground. After following the trail, I found him at the edge of the woods, drinking from a jug of milk. When he saw me he let out a screech, dropped the jug, and ran into the woods. I followed close behind, and then got the idea to throw the scythe like a boomerang. It clipped the skeleton’s knee, and he fell to the ground, his soul being absorbed by the scythe. “Ooh… I don’t feel so good…” I picked up the scythe and looked at him. “Sorry, mate. It’s just business,” he finished turning to dust, and I was about to leave, but a massive red eye appeared before me. I yelped, and fell back. “Daemon!” It nodded. “Yes, Daemon. I am Satan, as you well know. You should get used to my image, for you will see me every time you finish a contract. I deliver your pay.” I stood up, and slowly inched towards the eye. “Death made a good choice picking you. Far more pleasing to the eye,” my scythe hummed, and Death’s face appeared in the blade. He flipped off Satan from within. “At any rate… two pence. Your pay for the day,” two coins fell on my feet, and I slashed the eye away with my scythe. “You evil bitch! You’ll pay for that…” the red eye disappeared, and I shrugged. 

My brother greeted me as I got home. “Where were you, Aly? You can’t just run off on your most important birthday!” I threw the scythe in the corner of the room and sighed. “It’s a long story.” 

___
 
This story makes no sense lmao