I saw it happen before my own eyes.  I had envisioned what I was witnessing a million times in my head.  The bleeding body of the Emperor run through by a blade of the Knight's Order.  I felt relief, the terror was over, a whole civilization of people could feel at ease.  The terrorism the Emperor had forced upon us no longer enslaved our people.

Relief quickly melted into fear after the man who had ended the Emperor's life confronted me with his blade.  I was armed with a single knife, four inches in length, stainless steal, leather grip.  It was forged in secrecy and its existence was known to only a faithful few since its emergence from the fire that created it.  My blade was the one destined to sleigh the Emperor.  My blade would free a civilization of people and deliver them from evil.  It was to be my hand wielding that blade, but as I had just witnessed, my destiny would go unfulfilled.

The thoughts quickly rushed through my psyche in a flash and I refocused on the Knight approaching me ready for a fight to the death. I raised my hands slowly to show that I was not a threat.  I exclaimed the solemn and sacred word of the Knight's Order. "Cherub" He froze in his steps, showed no emotion, remaining in his tactical stance, ready to destroy me as he did the Emperor.  If he was thinking, or confused, he did not express it in his face or body language.  He did not relax his stance.  The Knight stood frozen before me.

I lowered my hands slowly, did not speak.  I closed my hands into fists, brought them up to the center of my chest, touching knuckles.  I then quickly pulled them apart as if to expose my heart to his blade.  He could have easily run his blade through my heart at that moment.  He did not.

I had given him the solemn and sacred word of the Knight's Order.  Then I performed the ritual symbol of the Knight's Order.  The ritual symbol was emblematic of exposing my heart and soul for sacrifice.  Sacrifice only for a worthy cause if so presented with the opportunity to die for the greater good.  

I knew the Knight before me.  Well, I knew who he was.  He was the son of my best mate, Joseph Marl.  His son, Max, who stood before me was a spitting image of his father.  His father was murdered by the Emperor 20 years ago.  Joseph Marl, or as I called him Duke, was the leader of the Knight's Order.  He concocted the idea and plan to infiltrate the Empire to assassinate the Emporer himself.  He asked for a volunteer, for what would likely be a suicide mission that would encompass a lifetime.  He was right about one thing, the mission did encompass a lifetime, my life.  My time.  Nobody did volunteer and Duke refused to order a Knight to certain death.  It was only after Duke, my best mate and our leader, was captured, then murdered, and his body paraded around the Empire that I volunteered for the mission.  

I failed Duke in meeting the mission objective.  His son Max Marl succeeded.  

I quickly and in as few words as possible explained to Max, who had me under the threat of a blade and a hand that still did not relax, I was a part of the Knight's Order and had infiltrated the Empire.  He was skeptical which showed in his refusal to lower his blade and relax his posture.

"Max, I am a part of the order, and you have succeeded where I have failed."  I said calmly.  "You're father would be proud."

"You have no idea who my father is you Empire pawn."

"Duke was my best mate.  Your father is the reason I infiltrated the Empire." I stated firmly.  "It was his plan, his idea.  I only volunteered after his death."

Max exclaimed, "If this is all true then why does the Knight's Order not know of this mission?"  Why didn't you kill the Emperor yourself?"

As I had feared, the few Knight's who knew of my mission had most likely been killed by the Empire a long time ago.  In fact, I had not had any contact with a member of the Knight's Order in the last decade.  It was too risky.  Not worth the previous ten years sacrifice and building of the Emperor's trust to update the Order of my mission.

"Today was the first time the Emperor allowed me alone with him without his royal guard."  I answered Max.  "I was ready to kill him but you stole that pleasure from me just before I had the chance."

I slowly removed my knife of the Knight's Order from my boot.  I placed it in the palm of my hands, bowed down to a knee, and surrendered to Max's will.  Max immediately recognized the blade as the work of the Knight's Order.  

"I beg you take my knife and read it's message."

Max slowly maneuvered towards me.  He appeared tactically skilled and strong.  It would indeed be an epic battle if he so chose to duel against me.  Max took the blade by the handle and quickly backed away.  I recoiled my hands and remained bowed before him.

Max recognized the encrypted cipher and read the same aloud.

"Fear not, this blade, Knight, for it belongs to a brother. "

The signature was also encrypted.

1->+OJ->M.  

Max knew this to be the mark of his father.  Max finally lowered his blade.  I stood and embraced him in the Knight's Order embrace.  

"What now?" He asked.

I had no answer for him.  I only had the same question in my head. "What now?"

I knew what he was feeling because I felt the exact same way.  Emptiness.  Void of purpose and vigor.  Void of the values that had so successfully governed our lives.  We were fueled by the same passion and desire to free our people.  Our mission was enhanced by the death of his father, my best mate.  Our seemingly single purpose lives lost that purpose in one fell swoop of Max's blade through the chest of the Emperor.

I did not hate Max.  The twenty years that I worked to infiltrate the Empire lead to my failure.  The twenty years Max worked to destroy the Empire lead to his success.  But here we stood with the same result.  The freedom to feel alone, empty, void of purpose.  The moment the Emperor's heart stopped coursing with blood through his body was the best thing to happen to our civilization.  It was the worst thing to happen to us.  Us. We.  We may have felt empty but we knew we needed to carry on bearing this burden together for our people.  


