"This one, where is he going?" A tall orderly with a scruffy beard asked his colleague. 

"That one, he's going to uh..." the other orderly checked his list, "Creative Writing 101." 

I stood up and walked over to them. I kept my room neat, you could even say it was orderly. Pardon the pun.  

"You ready?" The tall orderly with the beard asked. 

"Yes, me ready." I responded and followed their lead as they stepped out into the hallway. We walked casually down a long hallway and I waved to my neighbors Frost Giant Shemp and Mad Mike as a I passed their rooms. Both of them had ironic nicknames, I'm assuming they called Shemp a Frost Giant because of his stark white hair and small stature and Mad Mike was the nicest guy you'd ever meet. It was how the orderlies referred to them, which is why I didn't think twice when they gave me my nickname. I assumed it was because I am neat.

"Hey Yeti," shorter guard said to me as he looked over his shoulder, "how's class going?" 

I couldn't remember what life was like before I came to live here in the rehabilitation center. The doctors said I had a form of amnesia though they weren't specific as to what caused it. According to the official story, they found me wandering in rural Oregon. I don't remember any of that either. 

"Class good," I replied, "we make story with papers." 

The assignment was to take disparate articles we liked from newspapers and weave them into a complete narrative. We could use as few as ten, but as many as we wanted. I like science fiction, so I tried and looked for ones that suggested some kind of mystery. Every time we met for class we would bring in snippets and paste them to a storyboard. 

I liked the local stuff and the idea of the wilderness has always fascinated me. So I looked for animal sightings, missing persons, anything that would suggest the presence of some wild, but unknown beast was lurking in the area. 

It started with a story I found in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer from three years ago. A local wild life researcher, Ian Cinetti, who claimed to have evidence of a new undiscovered, possibly bi-pedal mammal living in the Pacific Northwest had gone missing while collecting evidence. He had been missing for 72 hours at the time of the report. 

The next article was from the Portland State Vanguard and detailed the events of a UFO sighting in Albany, Oregon roughly at the same time as Ian Cinetti's disappearance. 

The challenge was to start to weave these into a narrative. 

The third and fourth articles detailed some hikers that had gone missing in the region. Then more lights in the sky, a man who claimed to have been chased home by what he described as Bigfoot after leaving a marijuana dispensary in Portland. On and on these articles I had collected went. I had about thirty or so and went way over my minimum of ten... but I was weaving together a great story and didn't feel as though I had reached a conclusion yet. So there I sat, after arriving in class, combing through old papers when suddenly I felt a chill run down my spine. 

The headline read: Unknown Primate Savagely Attacks Zookeepers Before Releasing Primates. 

Where they serious? I double checked the header, this was the Seattle Post-Intelligencer alright. A legitimate paper with this kind of headline? 

The article said the zoo was closed until further notice and provided no further detail.

I quickly clipped out the article and added it to my cache. It was then, when I was re-arranging my articles that I first noticed it... the swelling in my hands. 

I found the next day's edition of the PI and sure enough, the front-page headline read: Lions, Tigers, Bears, and Apes: Animals Escape Woodland Park Zoo.   

It turns out this unknown primate had released all of the wild animals from their enclosures, the paper had no further details. 

I clipped this one as well and thought to myself that I never remembered my arms being so hairy. I sat in that room for another hour following this event. The unknown primate was estimated to stand between nine and eleven feet tall and weight between 900 and 1200 pounds. 

There were satellite images showing this thing, which I would only describe as Sasquatch or Big Foot leading a herd of wild animals ranging from Apes to Tigers and even a Komodo Dragon. The National Guard had been brought in and there were hundreds of fatalities at this point. 

My instructor must've noticed I was growing uncomfortable, I was pouring sweat and I felt like a stuffed sausage inside my clothes. I saw the fear in his eyes when I looked up at him and suddenly I could hear everything. His heart beat, the roars outside of my army beckoning me. 

All I could think was, "man bad, he trap animal, he murder Earth. He hurt Gaia. I hurt him. All of him."

All I could say was, "RRRRROOOOOOARRRR!" 

My shirt ripped across my back as I reached up and grabbed my instructor by the neck. My hands were the size of catchers mitts and they were covered in hair. I squeezed his neck like an empty juice box and he gurgled out his dying breath. 

Flinging his lifeless corpse across the room, I leaped onto a desk and my pants ripped off of me. My legs were just as hairy as my hands and I couldn't see skin anymore. I could hear gun shots outside and I knew that Shemp and Mike had returned to their forgotten forms and had come to join me. 

Together, with Mother Nature supplying my army we will finally rid the world of mankind and return the Earth to it's glory.