I wake up today, in a peaceful world. It has been two years since the law was passed, but who knew back then that utter chaos would lead to peace. Though ironic, it's almost poetic how the blood, murder, screams turned into quiet and harmony.
I still remember clearly, the day this law was proposed in the parliament. It was debated on every news channel. The radio didn't play songs anymore and the television only broadcasted news. Those were the days we realised there was no point of media, no point of debates. 

Despite massive opposition from the middle class, the government went ahead with it. This government, we realised, represented the extremely poor or the extremely rich, both of whom were in support of the law. And what was this law, you ask me? 
Well, it is the most dreadful thing I'd heard of back then (I say "back then" because the things I heard after the law was actually passed had no upper bound to the amount of dread they contained.) If you're reading this, then you are one of the survivors of the last two years, so I'm sure you know too. The law I speak of was the law which made it legal for every person to commit one murder, the law which changed the very face of life on our planet, in just two years.

The first six months were red. The sky was red, the land was red. People's hands were red, red with blood. 
There was murder and chaos everywhere. There were quick murders, in the dead of the night, and there were gruesome murders in broad daylight. At this point, I'm not going to go into the details of exactly how bloody the world became, I'm sure your imagination can run wild enough to guess that. I'm going to tell you our story, the story of the survivors.

As soon as the law was passed, we went into hiding. By "we", i mean most of the middle class. We quickly, very silently, bundled away our homes, packed our children into tiny baskets and carried them in the dead of the night, back to our villages.
The cities were deserted by the "average" people, and were only left with the rich and the poor, who killed each other one by one. There was no news, no media, everyone ran for their lives. The world turned extreme - there were either screams or just silence. And most of all, there were whispers. Dreadful whispers, that  people didn't wish to hear anymore. Threats, hints, clues. 
Now there were little questions asked if a person went missing, and little answers given either way, for fear of being considered a witness and angering the murderer himself. 
So we decided to put miles between ourselves and the cities. Some people went into exile altogether.

Six months passed by in silence and fear, and back in these quiet villages no one left their homes. Tightly knit communities started being formed. They consisted of two-three families who trusted each other deeply. They developed their own little gardens, small farms to grow their own vegetables and lead simple lives. Once in a while, refugees from the cities begged to be allowed to live in these villages, offered to labor in the farms and work day and night in exchange for a place in the newly developing society of peace. 

As more time passed, the change started becoming apparent because the "dirt", as I would like to call it, cleared itself up from the cities. The people with power were now the ones who had never asked for it, the ones who were the least violent, the softest spoken. 
The tightly knit communities slowly expanded and got built into larger communities. As there were little people of the government left anyway, they conceded to work for these societies, scared and scarred as they were.
We now started building schools for children. Very different from the schools we had known in the past. We introduced students to the law, taught them about their history and how it became tainted with blood after the law was passed. They themselves had witnessed how the world went blind, when everybody decided to take an eye for an eye. They grew, learning the importance of peace, like we had never grown, knowing the value of trust, like we had never known.

We eventually expanded our reach, took back the cities and slowly but not so silently this time, moved back into our homes. 
I live in my old house now, the same one I used to live in two years ago. My neighbors are more or less the same, but this world, I tell you, has never been more different.
I haven't yet murdered anyone, and do not intend to do so, come what may. 
We have formed a new government, we have changed a few rules.
But now comes the biggest question of all. Should this particular law be changed? We are still debating.

My answer, surprisingly, is no.
What is yours?