It's an ordinary evening for me with my husband and the baby. I was watching Netflix with them, with the baby on my lap, sleeping even in that harsh sound. 

Someone knocks on the door, *at this time? Who could it be?* . Andy goes into the kitchen again, he's an introvert and doesn't even like to look at the person who has come home. 

Andy cooks the meal everyday without miss, he even heats up the milk for the baby, I feed the baby while watching Netflix and we have dinner together after putting Stacy into the cot. I go out to work while Andy takes care of Stacy. 

Another two knocks on the door, I put Stacy into her cot and went to attend the door. Two police officers, one standing right in front of the door and the other leaning onto the wall, smoking.  He kills the cigarette and comes back and stands next the other officer. 

The officer checks my body out and frowns at my stomach. He snaps himself out and "Mam, i want you to calm down and listen to what I have to say". He takes his cap off and says "Your husband died today on a car accident, we checked his records and found you as his wife. It happened in Los Angeles and officers over there told us to inform you. " 

*Halloween is at least a month away. Nice try guys, not falling for this* . I giggled and told him that it's impossible as my husband is cooking in the kitchen. He repeated that my husband is actually dead. At this moment I'm laughing and shouted **"It's impossible, my husband is in the kitchen, you should have come when he's not home"**. *But he's always home* I thought with a smirk on my face. 

"Can we please come inside?" as they entered and cringed at some smell. "Oh, is something smelling bad? My nose has never worked in my life" with a subtle smile on my face. 

They went to the check the kitchen and said no one was there. They were still closing their noses and pulled out their guns and started going towards Stacy. They pointed at Stacy and looked at me in disgust. *Has she pooped?* Confused *For the first time in one and half years?*