"This world is full of Xenos, Inquisitor, the only option can be a complete extermination of this filth.

"Well...hold on now," Inquisitor McConnell said nervously, a bead of sweat trailing down his nose. "They...look sort of human. They must be abhumans."

The adjutant shook his head. "No sir, the data I've received from our scouts confirms it. This is nothing but an example of convergent evolution, a pale imitation of the perfect human form."

"Much has been lost..." the Inquisitor offered weakly. "I mean, look at them."

He made a gesture and a still hologram of a beautiful young woman appeared in the air between the two men. Full lips, long flowing hair, half-lidded eyes and a body that would set a thousand ships upon the stars - only two problems. The fluffy ears upon her head, and a long feline tail.

"Yes," the adjutant growled. "This must be a trick to test our faith. But the data confirms; they are not abhuman. They are not, in fact, human at all."

Inquisitor Carlos McConnell sighed as he set heavily in his chair. "Commandant Richter's scouts? They're certain?"

"Completely, sir," the adjutant nodded. "We have a full fossil record. I came to you the second I was sure."

"The second...?" the Inquisitor mumbled, as if mulling something over. "I see. Well. No help for it. Order the exterminatus."

"Yes sir!" the adjutant said grinning, saluting and turning an about face. He made it three steps before the las-pistol tore his skull out.

"Terrible thing about all that heresy in the scout corps," the Inquisitor mumbled, pressing a switch under his desk to reveal a hidden compartment. With fumbling fingers he pulled a worn tome, an ancient family relic. The images on the front were faded by time, but it only left more to the imagination.

He stroked his fingers along the ancient surface, carrying the book with him as he walked to the viewscreen to loom over the verdant world below. "I'll give you my name," he mumbled. "As good a name as any. Carlos McConnell."

He held up the title and read the words to himself slowly and solemnly, in the ancient tongue of his ancestors. "Super Kawaii Sexy Catgirl Funtime."

The Emperor would understand, he thought.

The Emperor would understand.