Johnny Pepper rummaged through his pockets at the intersection between Rose Boul. & Baklava Ave. in his little shabby town of Clockmatte, down a block from his ex-favorite convenience store 6-Ten. He knew his search was futile, but it was at this point a work of habit, a rite of familiarity to ease him into a lucid and productive state of mind.    
    


*Fuck*, he thought coherently.    
    


The last credit card he had was declined, and he had only tried to buy a pack of cigarettes; surely there must’ve been enough credit for that. His mom must have stopped paying the card.    
    


If this was her way of forcing him to attend university like everyone was pushing him to, she had something else coming. His big break was near. He knew it. He could smell it in the fresh air of Spring reborn. Only just a week ago a new sex scandal arose around MacDicky Consuelo, creating a power vacuum in the higher echelons of the comedic world. This was his chance. Big Johnny would ride the waves of opportunity all the way to stardom.    
    


Johnny’s sparkling eyes gazed at the dark, empty sky above, a deep, maniacal laugh emitting from his belly. His aplomb was so irresistible, even his heart began vibrating violently. He might have been having a heart attack.    
    


Johnny quickly placed a hand on his chest in panic and was relieved to realize it was just his phone, only to panic again at the realization someone was calling him. Who would be looking for money this time? His dealers? His lenders? People really held on to old debts, no wonder the world was a shitty place.    
    


He took his phone out of his jacket to see who it was, only because it might have been his mom. He needed to remind her to pay his credit cards.    
    


*Papaya boi*, the caller ID read. Johnny’s mind began racing as he tried to remember what he owed this guy. Hadn’t it been 3 years already? Papaya had been an old friend from high school that got sent to juvie for getting involved with the cops. Dumb guy couldn’t keep his mouth shut, made enemies with the wrong guy and got caught with heroin. Rumors were that the boy had gotten the drugs from the cop’s own kid, but Johnny knew better than to ask too many questions. He promptly ignored the call and stashed his phone back in his jacket’s front pocket. Some people were not worth getting involved with.    
    


The phone stopped vibrating, then it spasmed once more before stilling. Johnny checked the phone once more in case his mom had sent him a message. He really needed his cards paid.    
    


It was Papaya again, this time in text.    
    


*jojo, somes said your a big shot comedian now. i got a gig for you if you still got time for poor ol me. hmu if you mean business.*    
    


Johnny called him immediately.    
    


“Hey Jo, I knew you had my back,” a raspy voice answered over the phone.    
    


“What’s the gig, Papi?” replied Johnny non-chalantly, prompting a chuckle out of Papaya.    
    


“Straight to the point. Some people never change, eh, Jo?” Papaya started laughing at his own statement. It hadn’t even been funny. Johnny tried to find his cigarettes and then remembered he couldn’t afford them anymore. He started fidgeting absentmindedly in his pockets in case he found any change.    
    


“Listen, Jo, I gotsa big job for you, only ‘cause I know you and how you think. You gotsa good head on your shoulders.”     
    


**[To be continued. Maybe.]**