"7212?! Haha what the Hell?!"

He laughed to himself as he woke up, rubbing his eyes assuming it was a mistake of some sort, before pushing himself up out of bed to get ready for the day. Sitting on the edge of the bed he thought of what could have possibly lead to this.

Leaving his room everything seemed normal, he had breakfast, he showered, and went to work. On his drive in he glanced at his glove box, and remembered the night before that he had put the engagement ring for his girlfriend in there, he was planning on proposing tonight. 

He paused and thought, "could I have messed up so bad and so many times at proposing? No no no, that's ridiculous, 7212 screw up. Maybe it's so amazing that I want to relive it a bunch? But..7212 times? Ehh..maybe? I don't know"

He got to work and parked his car, glanced at the glove box one last time, then got out and lock the car door. He stood still for a few moments looking into the and thought "could I have forgot the ring 7212 times? Could it have been stolen 7212 times? A combination?", and then he unlocked his car door and removed the box from the glove compartment and slipped it into his pocket.

Walking through the parking lot he saw Linda from finance, she waved at him and he waved back before noticing a car speeding her way. He sprinted and pushed Linda out of the way into the grass beyond a curb, rolling beside her as the red car streaked by, he could hear her thanking him, but all he could think was "did it take 7212 attempts for me to save Linda?"

Finally in the office he sat down and tried his very best to get his work done, typing in some results from other works in Excel, dragging down cells, inserting formulas, nothing out of the ordinary. Although he did have one last slight pause in the day, sending a report to his boss he reviewed the report again and again, making sure he wasn't making his 7212th mistake that could cost him his job. But everything seemed fine and normal.

Later than evening he returned home, readying for his date, the date. Tonight he was going to ask Tanya to marry him, after seven years together, ups and downs, mostly ups. He went back and forth between suit jackets and ties, which one could be the 7212th worst or best ensemble. Eventually he settled on his dark blue suit and a black tie, simple but a bit of color, without being over the top.

Getting in his car again he drove for the restaurant where he said he'd meet her after work, it was the same restaurant they went to for the first year anniversary together. Pulling up to an intersection he waited for the light to turn green, and when it did he rolled into the intersection only for a car to speed through the intersection, the red car streaking through the red light. Breaking quick he breathed heavily and thought "was this the first of 7212 tikes he did not get in an accident?"

Making it to the restaurant he could see Tanya sitting in their booth already, he stood there and smiled, she looked as beautiful as the day they met. Walking in she laughed and shook her head "7:10? 10 minutes late, mister, you're so predictable", standing up to give him a kiss before sitting back down. He laughed but thought "could my lateness be why I am at 7212? No, I'm late fairly often, but 10 minutes is nothing."

They ate entrées, talked like teens in love, drank wine, ate their meals, laughed, ate dinner, reminisced, and ordered some cake to end the night. He spoke with the waiter before about having the ring on her plate, he hoped it wasn't the 7212th time the waiter stole or lost it. But there it was resting on the plate behind her slice, and after only three bites in she noticed it. Dropping her fork on the table, her eyes watered, he hoped it wasn't a 7212th 'no', but the smile he wanted to see the rest of his life lit up her face and she screamed "yes!"

They both got up and kissed and held each other, again and again, both teary eyed and laughing. Sitting back down they slowly ate their cake, she spoke and looked her ring over smiling, but he thought "maybe this? I wanted to live this night again and again."

Awhile later, as the candles on their table were almost gone they left the restaurant, heading to the park up the street where they always walked Sunday mornings. As they crossed the street, Tanya walking backwards a few feet a head talking of their future wedding, he looked in the corner of his eye, then down at his watch, thinking "I did it! 5 minutes to midnight, I must hav-"

A red streaked by and hit Tanya, sending her soaring into the air and back down against the pavement. The car sped off into the night, a broken man stood there briefly in disbelief before running to the motionless body. The smile, gone. The glow, gone. Tanya, gone. He fell to his knees and held her crying, "n-n-no, no, no, baby, please God..nooooo..n-no, not like this, come back, please, please don't leave me", and then the clock struck midnight.

"7213?! Haha what the Hell?!"