John sat on the concrete by the Hudson, his eyes shut wide open and his knuckles creating white impacts on his forehead.  The revolver was on the ground - one in the chamber like his Dad had taught him.  Just in case.

'What the fuck.  What the fuck.' It rolled around in his head, he sat there and rocked like a child, rolling about in his head.  The guilt was too much, it finally built up and he wondered if he could do it.  He thought, I had done this a thousand times before in my own, small head.  He pulled the fucking trigger and he was gone.  No more John.  He would stop, just black.  Just black.  Or maybe white - who knows.  Why can't he be blind and see white or black?  It's the same thing really, it's all the same.  Day after day, he thought, I leave myself and come back to my bed and I wonder if I'm the same, and I'm not, I'm worse, I'm worse.  I want to be over.    

So he picked up the gun, and he pointed it towards the sky, wanting to pull the trigger so he wouldn't die immediately, but could fall into the Hudson and swim a bit before he tried holding his breath for a few minutes.  The gun wiggled like a fish out of water.  His finger wasn't even on the trigger.  He thought he was a pussy.  

But he built up the courage to at least put it on his temple and he looked up to the teary sky and he whispered something even I couldn't hear.  It was something like, "Fuck you," but I couldn't make it out.

Naturally, I let him sit there a few more seconds, and I saw him sitting with his father in an apartment building by the window, reading a small, old book about the man who built the labyrinth.  I hadn't thought about him for a long time, him escaping Minos and leaving with his son towards the sun, just so they could both fall down to Earth - one dead and one not alive.  The sun shone on the pages like gold.  He came to the picture of the father sitting with Icarus on the beach, holding his blonde son in his arms, eyes cast towards the sky like a Van Gogh figure.  He pulled the trigger.

The snow on his jacket sat still for a moment, and he wondered what had happened. 

"I pulled the...I pulled the trig..gerr.?"

'No, I pulled the trigger, John.'

I released myself from his brain and I revealed myself, and John hurried to shove his hands over his heart. He had never seen one like me - a small collection of numbers formed into the image of a human.  The One always made us in the people's images whose planet we were on. Just to make it a bit more simple after they were terminated.

'John, I must really say, it is a pleasure.  I have been with you a long time, and I know that you are tired of this life and would want another.  Please, relax, I have much to explain to you.  See, I am but a figment of your imagination, just as you are The One's imagination, therefore you are The One, and so am I.  Some of you believe that you are on Earth, but you really are not.  You are just on a collection of data that resembles solid matter, and all the things that you believe are just parts of The One's waking number dream to see what would happen.  I have been sent here to tell you this because it is imperative to describe to you what is about to happen.  You see, The One only really likes to be awoken by the reality of impermanence when the experience of one of his agents is so tragic that it evokes a certain feeling indescribable to your designed-kind - namely because the magnitude of the reality of such an experience is so great that The One has decreed that your kind would never hope to understand it.  No, The One only likes to feel something that is beyond what any one of his agents in this experience must possibly feel.  Shortly, your experience will be terminated, but The One has dictated it such that, at any one of these tremendous experiences ending, I, one your kind may call an "Angel," will appear to you and tell you that your experience will shortly end, and the part of The One that you are will be deleted to make way for an infinite more parts of  The One that will shortly occupy your space.  I will shortly show you things that you only dreamed of, that The One has created such that in his waking slumber, he will feel some felicitous feeling if only for a moment, because of its own incalculable brilliance.  This will be your heaven, The One.  And I will be there with you, and leave with you, forever.'

Thus, John and The One's agent crept into the Hudson river, and there they found an open window, to make John more comfortable.  John and The One's agent looked into the window, and found two men flying towards an illuminating sun - and they saw one falling towards the ground.  

The world illuminated itself for a moment, and then John and The One's agent saw black-white and then they were deleted.