So I did it – finally! It got to the point where I knew I couldn’t handle it anymore. I needed to take some time off and do as the internet keeps saying – treat myself!


I’ve been working since high school. Picked up a part time job in the city to pay for some fun items, and spent the rest of my time working out and volunteering here and there to build usable skills. I eventually became more invested in my hobbies and the volunteer stuff and ended up just walking out of that first job. I figured, “hey, I’ve got a practical, unique skill set. I can use this to help out my city.” Went really truly full time (and them some) by 19.


So it’s been 10 years now. My body’s starting to feel it (turning 26 was a bitch), I can tell I need a bit of rehab.


But honestly though, if it was just my physical health, I could take just a week or two, get some nice massages, do some relaxed yoga or something, and come back good to go. I’ve taken a whole 6 months off. It really wasn’t just the physical stuff.


These past 10 years I’ve been volunteering (volunteering!) for the city, and the rewards of this job have just gone way downhill. When I started off I’d get a warm thank you from the people I worked with, I got some recognition from city council, I was even invited to speak at a couple high school graduations! As someone who had a hard time with some of the academic stuff I truly was touched to be honoured like that. But I don’t know, over time people take you for granted. After 5 years of service they gave me a small plaque, praising me over and over for the fact that crime rates were practically at zero, joking that I should take a much deserved rest. Now after 10 years, when crime is at an all time record low, with rates in the negative ten percents – nothing!


I mean come on! I know it’s not about the praise, or it shouldn’t be, but like, they’re still praising Wonder Boy from our sister city, and he’s been out of active service for 8 years now. It just makes it hard to stay motivated, to get up every morning and find new and interesting ways to stop criminals from destroying the city I love.


So I took a break. 6 months. Left the city, went out to stretch my wings in a different atmosphere. And maybe, maybe, come back with a renewed appreciation of my excellent work waiting for me from the city (maybe with a nice little belated 10 year anniversary party or something) when I return.


I’m looking forward to getting  back into it. The vacation’s been great, but I’m curious to see if the city’s taken my anti-criminal measures and implemented any to use for themselves. I did mention that crime’s been at a negative percentage rate, right? That’s possible because I’ve been stopping crimes before they can happen. Planning on breaking into the back? Hard to do that with a broken hand! Thinking of selling some drugs to the school kids? Try growing pot when your house is on fire. Want to take revenge on your cheating partner? Well I’ve pre-empted that one a step further – no reason to cheat in the first place if you’ve got no sex drive!


This one was pretty creative, I don’t mind saying so myself. I concocted a mixture of hormones and other chemicals that completely and irreversibly wipes out any motivation towards sexual contact – and the best part is that it was easy to convert to a gaseous form and disperse throughout the entire city! It’s been my biggest success. This is really the reason I felt secure in leaving my beloved city alone over the last half of the year.


But no, now it’s time to head back. I know when I return the reward for me will finally be great!

Edit: a bit of spelling