For a moment, I flushed pale. No possible education or study could have prepared me for what I was witnessing. But, as with all things, I calmed my mind. The incomprehensible beings filled row after row of booths and chairs in the quaint, old pub I had found myself in. My arrival was a mystery to me, but my curiosity outweighed my fear, for a time.     

"Hey, boss." A gruff voice from behind the oak bar spat words at me. His speech pattern was strange, something more coarse and unrefined than any dialect I'd ever heard. I turned to look, and in that moment was struck in the face with a damp towel. "Whoops, sorry. I have terrible aim. My shift is almost up, it's your turn. You wanna grab the counters while I finish up?"     

"I...I don't understand," I babbled madly, "Where am I?"    

"We're in your pub, boss. Innsmouth Tavern. Don't tell me you've been drinking with Dagon again?"     

"I see." I paused, unsure of how to proceed. "And where, exactly, is this establishment located?"     

"You...you don't know?" The creature said to me. Dozens of eyes swiveled in my direction, as though trying to get a better look at me. I shook my head, terrified. He...*it* continued. "You shouldn't be here," came its mouthless voice, its inflection taking on a sinister tone of sudden realization. "Not yet. One day, you'll come back, but not yet. You have another job to do."     

I became suddenly aware of a massive rift in the sky above me, and in it stood a being beyond sane and rational thought. I was unsure how the sky appeared there, inside the tavern, or how this ancient monstrosity had come to manifest itself before my eyes. It was a massive caricature of human form with face adorned by the tentacled arms of the octopus, and great dragon's wings spread outward from its shoulders. To describe the entity in such a way is a disservice to its true nature, though it is the closest words may come to ascribing its features to language. 

In its enormous hand was a leather-bound tome, belted shut and covered with dust. I could see yellowed pages between the tanned, awkwardly stitched covers. It was clear to me that this book was ancient, and represented ancient knowledge. I reached out reluctantly to take it, and as my fingers closed around the edges of the book, the sky, the rift, and the ancient one all vanished.     

I was again in the tavern, looking at the strange bartender. It was I who broke the silence.     

"If I may..." I glanced upward, half expecting the sky to still shine down on me from the void, "What was that creature?" To my surprise, it laughed, a guttural and uncomfortable sound to hear.     

"One of our patrons. Less frequent than some, of course, but we don't discriminate here." I could sense this both was and wasn't entirely true. "You run along now, mortal. Stay too long and you'll see something you shouldn't. A mind like yours may be strong enough to skirt insanity for a time, but with mortal flesh comes mortal weakness, and you are not yet ready to transcend your own flesh."    

I opened my mouth to say something, but at that moment I saw a man come out from the staff entrance and take his place behind the bar. He wrote a well pressed but simple black suit, and I immediately recognized it as my own. His facial features were nearly identical to mine, save for a few decades of aging, and he had the weary smile of a man who had lived a short, hard life. My palms began to perspire. He looked at me, and from his lips I heard my own voice.    

"Good to see you at last, Howard. I was wondering when you would arrive." He pointed at the book clenched by white knuckles in my grip. "You will be needing that. When the time comes, it will reveal to you how to return. Time to wake up."     

I gasped for air and found myself awake in damp sheets soaked with my own sweat. To my surprise and my great horror, I found the leather tome given to me in my dream resting safely at the foot of my bed. The dust was smeared and marked in the exact places my fingers had gripped it in my dreams. With only a moment's hesitation hindering me, I reached out and grasped it, unbuckling the latch and carefully opening its pages. On the inside of the cover was one haunting word:     

*Necronomicon*     

I wonder if my own mind shall ever piece back together the puzzle of that tavern, of what it meant for me. Perhaps I was the man behind the bar after all. Perhaps it was just a dream. These pieces, for now, must remain unsolved. I will not risk fracturing my sanity further when there is work to be done. The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.      

Signed,     
H. P. Lovecraft, May 20, 1917