It had gone far enough. In the past 100 Urthyears temperatures had been skyrocketing and had reached critical levels. The Urthlings had set their own world on fire and now it was Commander Quleba’s task to put it out. As it was impossible to save every civilization, the Lacta Ita Covenant usually followed a strict non-intervention policy.

However, Urth had been turned into a humanmade timebomb that could upset the balance of the entire galactic system, and threatened existence of  the Commander’s homeplanet, Wyh. 

The procedure was clean and efficient. The invasion would be spectacular and bombastic. Their holograms would turn the sky black with assault spaceships and galactic dragons. He loved the looks on the faces of other species at the extraterrestrial reveal. 

In reality, they would take the planet with a mere 500 troops. While everyone looked at the sky, his finest musketeers would assassinate the leaders of the strongest factions and replace them with duplicates. These duplicates would in turn lead the counterattack and would be surprisingly unified in fighting off the "alien invasion". 

And Urth would be victorious. A miraculous victory against holograms. After that, the buzz from victory parties that ensued allowed their mothership to land and establish further control of Urth. Regime change. That’s the real prize. You can’t fix a broken planet by waging war. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Quleba looked down at a sky full of terrifying holograms. As always, his planning was top notch. He closed his eyes and listened to the radio, reminiscing the times that he was part of those special forces himself. The sound of their muskets sounded so much stronger and faster now. That new flintlock must have really payed off. Then it went silent. Protocol. Not too long now.

But no one reported in.

Hours went by. “They are probably taking a bit longer with installing the duplicates,” Quleba thought.

After almost four hours the radio channel opened.

Radio: “37° 7′ 0″ N, 116° 3′ 0″ W”.

The officer that was in command of the radio spoke in Urths system of coordinates. A bit unusual, but not alarming considering their limited knowledge of the planet. Besides, it was always easier to use the existing names and systems in place.

Radio: “We are in full command. Designated area to land mothership is 37° 7′ 0″ N, 116° 3′ 0″ W. Do you copy?”

“ Preparing to land mothership at designated location. Also, we are currently not duplicating anything. “

Radio: “ Crucial Intelligence data will be send to mothership using an unmanned air vehicle of native technology. Can you confirm your location. “

“Yes. Landing in 15 minutes.“ That was one assertive officer. “I’ll promote him”, Quleba thought to himself. 

Radio: “Roger.“

Quleba leaned back in his chair imagining his return to Wyh. He saved their planet once more. As his ship descended there was just one thing he could not wrap his head around. 

"Why "Roger"?"

Edit: Clarification - the commander is not familiar with the jargon because he is not talking to his own team. The coordinates he's send to are of the Nevada Nuclear Test Site. The UAV is a missile. Would love to know if this was clear enough or whether I have to be more explicit. 

Edit: a word, some formatting.


