“I swear, Zucc is one of ‘em! I mean, just look at him?! And he has massive control over one of the biggest social media’s to date. All that data at their slimy fingertips. It’s too much!”

Fool. They know nothing. Perfect.

“What have you found?” Mizer calls from behind me.
“I’ve infiltrated their forums and discussion boards, Miz. They’re clueless. They think we like, take control of powerful humans, and use their bodies like second skins.”
“Really? Wow, science fiction on the brain, or what?!”
Mizer chuckled and took a swig of his coffee.

If only they really knew how we live our lives. Portraying ordinary people, poor to middle class, pets and safari animals, shedding our skins every hundred years.

You can’t control those monsters. The ancient ones tried, and they were slaughtered for it. 
We have learned. Adapted. We refuse to be exposed and to be hunted. Never again.

So, we hide in plain sight, developing skins of our own imagination. We get by and live in peace. 

Though, the talk now worries me. The highest up one of our people have appeared in recent years was Pallitive. And, sure, influence he may have from being adorned by his millions of YouTube fans, he has no real power. No government access or true hold in the matters of conquering the world. 

“Well,” Miz stood and pecked me on the cheek with his female form, “I hope it stays that way. I’d hate to see our people drop down in numbers because of some internet trolls and conspiracy theorists.” 
“Are you off to work at 5, babe?” I ask as he heads out the door. 
“No, I need to work a little late tonight. My boss has been hounding me to finish the project I’ve been working on. He wants me to start the new account, so I definitely need to push through.”

I wave, tell him I love him as he locks the door behind him. 
The baby monitor echos the morning cries of my daughter. 
I’m coming little Ettie. 

A ding sounds from my phone as I’m picking her up out of her crib. 

“I KNOW” text. Anonymous. 

Shit. 
Why can’t we live and love as we please. I can’t handle protecting my kind from anymore pesky humans. Threatening, exposing, murdering. 

Ding.
From Darretil:
“Ollaw! I need help! I think my neighbour has been snooping around. There’s signs of a break-in! Call me ASAP!”

Alright, little Ettie. Looks like you get to come to work with Daddy today! 
Make sure not to topple the united governments in the process, you ferocious little baby beast, you! 

Now where did I put the diaper bag?