The air whistled past my ears, tugged at my arms. My hand held the handle that I'd been told to pull, but I suddenly knew something. I had no intention of pulling it.

The ground was still distant, and I felt a sense of relaxation. I'd always wondered why. On previous dives, strapped to an instructor's chest, I'd been able to let go of the stress, the depression, the constant feeling of impending doom. When I'd told friends about it later, they told me that was normal. I was a thrill seeker.

But now, I realized what I truly was. A death seeker. 

And I felt it wasn't the first time. I reviewed something like memories. Impressions of endings, maybe. Sudden impacts, for the most part: a truck, a train, the pavement below a tall building. Pain, mixed with pleasure, and a sense like popping every joint in your body at once. Expansion, freeing and allowing escape.

I knew something else, though. I hadn't lived before. 

The trees were becoming distinct, below. Had someone shouted at me, a few seconds ago? I'd heard a distant popping noise. Another diver's parachute opening.

So if I hadn't lived before, why did I have these memories, or memory-like things, of deaths? I knew that letting myself hit the ground, body fracturing and twisting, would free me from the shell. But then…

The feeling of needing to be released, to pop the shell and crawl free, intensified.

I would die, I knew. Not on impact, but shortly afterward. But after dying, I would live on. Or rather, the thin pieces of me that wriggled free, found contact with other, whole humans. Travelers, looking for new shells. And the children of those shells, would be my children too.

I still had room to open my chute, I knew. It had been a couple minutes since our jump from a high altitude: the ground was clear, but still distant. A lassitude had enveloped me, but my thoughts were somehow also fast, fragments flickering through my mind.

Was it right for me to die, in order to spread myself? Did I have a choice? I half-remembered a documentary about octopi, growing into strong, intelligent creatures only to die after laying eggs. I didn't quite know what I was, but I was more octopus than human, I supposed.

But around the thought, a horror lurked: not an emotional, knee jerk reaction to death like I'd felt before I'd fully matured. More of an intellectual reaction.

This body had to die for me to live out my purpose. After I died my children wouldn't even remember me, really. Just a death. Shit, I'd never even wanted kids. I wanted them even less if they had to go through the emotional hell I'd experienced to bring me, subconsciously, to an activity that would kill me.

My grip, for the first time, tightened around the chute's handle. And, almost on a whim, my arm pulled. It was enough. The chute sprang out, opened.

I jerked on the end of the ropes – and met despair. All the depression I'd ever felt came crashing in. The force of being pulled back, slowed down, was such a pathetic echo of the impact on the ground I'd been looking forward to, that I knew I'd never experience now. 

And it came with an extra bit of knowledge. My life had already ended. Would the octopus live on, if it chose never to lay eggs? No. It would die anyway, of course.

My hands were scrabbling already. They were ahead of my thoughts. There was a clasp, a buckle, another --

Suddenly I was falling again.

The ground came rushing up, and I knew the last thing: life without purpose, is worse than nothing.