I have had a fairly empty life.

I cannot feel as ordinary people do. I do not mean I am a stoic – no, I simply cannot feel of my own accord. I cannot feel what people call sadness, or joy, or anger, or lust, or literally any of the countless emotions I have read about, or heard. 

All my life, I have lived life in a very utilitarian, practical way – I am not attached to anything other than that I own it, or it owns me. My parents were my caretakers, and I was supposed to care for them back, and do as they say – whether it was good for me or bad for me, I couldn’t care less. They say they love me, but I do not know what love means. My mum cries holding my hand sometimes, and I just sit there. Music does nothing to me, books are just words, and movies are a scientific marvel that I watch for the cinematic tricks.

My 6-year-old dog, Scruffy used to go crazy over me whenever I got home from school, barking madly and racing around. To me he was just a being that depends on me for survival – if I don’t feed it it’ll die. I wasn’t happy that it loved me so much, I didn’t mind when it chewed up my shoes, I didn’t worry when it was sick and needed to be taken to the vet. I didn’t cry when I had to give it that fatal injection. Why should I? It had run its life’s course and needed to die.

The vet looked at me all funny when Scruffy passed on and I didn’t even blink. I tried to fake cry (knowing it was the right thing to do), and yet could hardly squeeze out a tear. Sigh… I needed to do something about it.

I searched around and found this obscure subreddit wherein people could donate unwanted emotions – so that they could simply not feel sometimes, when they “wanted to get away from it all”, whatever that meant. I dug deeper, and found that there a way to access those emotions. I figured, why not, and signed up for it.

Immediately, I felt a constriction in my chest, like I was just going to die. I could hardly breath, and sweat broke out all over me. I felt like I should run, and hide somewhere, just go away and escape everything. I couldn’t explain what was wrong, I just wanted to be safe somewhere far away and to be okay again. And yet, I couldn’t feel up to moving or doing anything, apart from just sitting there drenched in sweat, heart thumping wildly and yet feeling unable to breath. Was this… fear?

The next moment, the crushing feeling was gone, but I felt weak all over, like my body was bereft of all energy. My heart slowed to a crawl, and my head felt heavy. I felt like something had gone really wrong, and there was nothing more left in this world for me. Everything seemed dull and lifeless, and the world itself felt sluggish and meaningless. My eyes started to hurt, and for the first time in my life, I cried. I cried, hard, tears drenching my face. I realized that that was what sadness felt like.

Ever since that day, I have felt a myriad of emotions each time someone donates to the subreddit. I have felt the helplessness and the mindlessness of anxiety, I have felt my blood boil and the urge to smash everything from anger, I have felt what it means to regret something – the devastating feeling (I can feel!!) of having lost, of having committed a big mistake. I have felt the hot flush of envy, the listlessness of sloth, the occasional glimmer of pride, and rarely, the tantalizing grip of lust. 

Why do I not simply break away, you ask? Because at least I can feel something... maybe I am able to help people by taking away whatever they might be feeling at a bad time? But the truth is I do not want to go back to the listless existence I had – going through the motions of life – existing and not living. I read somewhere that it pain makes one human – if that is what it takes, this is what I will do. 

All my life (it’s been nearly two decades since Scruffy passed away), I have borne this by myself, and not told many people about this. But today I want to share this with you, and all the world.

Today I felt happiness.

My heart beat faster, but this was a different one. It felt like it was pumping actual warmth instead of just blood. I felt energy coursing through me, like I could do anything in the world. My head was in the clouds, and I was laughing. I found myself running, feeling the wind in my hair and the sun in my face. Everything seemed bathed in a warm glow, and everyone I crossed in the street seemed to be smiling. I felt a sting in my eye, and tears flowed, but these were different from what sadness felt like, and I did not want this to stop ever. I wanted to cry, and somehow I knew it was okay. I cried, I laughed, I jumped, and all around me people were looking at me. Some were incredulous, some cautious, but soon so many of them were smiling and laughing – not at me, but with me. A few joined in with me as I danced, and soon I had all of them in good spirits, practically bouncing as they walked away.

With one last whoop, I felt it fading away. I tried to clutch at it, but it was gone. And here I was, Empty, as always.

If anyone is reading this, please, I beg you. Please. 

Share your happiness.
