"Don't worry, Mrs. Henderson. It's perfectly normal to have an imaginary friend at Jacob's age. He'll grow out of it, and in the meantime we'll continue to work on his anxiety and inability to fall and stay asleep," Doctor Smith assured the bedraggled mother in the lobby of her office. The dreary autumn rain slid down the icy windows and a thick fog was creeping into the darkening streets down below. Jacob was Doctor Smith's last patient for the day and she was anxious to get home to her husband and start a warm, cozy fire. 

Mrs. Henderson chewed her lip and glanced at her son, in the midst of charming more Halloween candy out of the receptionist. "I just worry, Doctor... He's lost weight and those circles under his eyes just don't belong there. And what an odd name for him to come up with." 

Doctor Smith placed a gentle, perfectly manicured hand on Mrs. Henderson's bony shoulder. "I know and understand your own anxiety over Jacob's wellbeing and, together, we will get through this," she promised, giving the shoulder a gentle squeeze. 

Mrs. Henderson nodded, somewhat reassured, and called Jacob over to her. "We'll see you Monday, Doctor," she said as she knelt to pull Jacob's fraying red knit cap over his ears. 

"See you Monday." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------

"How are you this morning, Ruth?" Doctor Smith asked the young girl sitting in the cushy leather brown chair across from her. 

Ruth shrugged, picking at her fingernails and avoiding eye contact. "Fine, I guess," she shrugged again. 

Doctor Smith clicked her pen, observing her patient. "You guess? How's school? Your mom tells me you made the basketball team - congratulations," she smiled.

Ruth snorted. "Yeah, B team.... anyone can make B team," she replied, shifting in her chair, glancing at the clock on the wall for the second time since their session had begun. 

"You seem anxious about the time. Anything big happening in school today?" 

"Just a stupid test." 

"You look tired. Are you sleeping okay?" 

Ruth shifted again in her seat, the worn leather squishing beneath her. "No..." she admitted. 

"Why not?" 

"Well I saw... him last night. In my room," Ruth whispered, twirling a stray lock of chestnut hair round and round her finger. 

Doctor Smith jotted down a quick note in her notepad. Ruth's mother had informed her how much Ruth enjoyed watching horror movies before bed, only to be plagued with nightmares later. "Him?" she repeated, furrowing her brow. 

"Yeah, this short, hunched over dude who just... lurks in the shadows. He's darker than the pitch black of my room and he just stood in the corner all night, staring. I could feel it, even though I can't see his eyes or - or his face," Ruth shuddered, the memory reigniting the fiery chills that pirouetted up and down her spine whenever she saw him. 

"Ruth, did you hack the parental settings on your television again? It's probably some horror you saw on film, manifesting itself in your dreams," the Doctor said gently. 

Ruth shook her head. "No... no! Freddy freaking Krueger hasn't given me nightmares since I was seven. This is... different. He told me his name is Mr. Timor and that - that he was going to kill me," she whispered, her bottom lip trembling and tears springing to her grey eyes. 

Something lurked around the edges of Doctor Smith's memory, prowling the dense jungle of her thoughts. Try as she might, she couldn't ensnare it. "Perhaps we could try a light dosage of a sleeping pill - something to ensure you get some rest while we figure out why this image is trying to break into your consciousness," she offered. 

Ruth hesitated, then gave a slight nod. "If it means I don't have to see him anymore then... I guess." 

"We're out of time now, but I promise next week we will explore these visions," the Doctor said, getting to her feet to fill out a prescription. She ripped the small square of paper out of her pad and handed it to her patient. "Give this to your mom and be sure to call me if you have any concerns at all." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------

"How was your day, babe?" Michael asked lightly as Nicole entered their home with the Chinese food. 

"Oh, the same as usual, I suppose. The things some of these kids come up with sometimes are... disturbing," she answered as she put the food down on the glass coffee table and flipped on the news. 

"Yeah, well, comes with the territory, aye?" he said, leaning forward and unraveling the brown paper bag, freeing the sweet aroma of orange chicken and fried rice. 

"Apparently," she sighed, taking a seat next to him and turning up the volume on the television. 

The monotonous voice of the news anchor drifted from the speakers as Nicole speared a juicy piece of chicken and lifted the plastic fork to her mouth, 

*"Viewer discretion is advised, as the following scene may be disturbing to some viewers."* 

The fork slipped from Nicole Smith's fingers and clattered to the freshly polished wood floor as the grisly image on screen flickered before her. There on her television screen was one of her patients. His normally vibrant blue eyes were peeled open and completely black like a shark's, and his mouth was thrown wide as if mid-scream, his jaw broken and practically unhinged. His skin was already grey and pale blue veins protruded from the leathery flesh. 

*"Jacob Henderson, age eight, had been complaining to his mother earlier in the day about a man named Mr. Timor harassing him. Mrs. Henderson initially believed this person to be an imaginary friend for her son to cope with the loss of his recently deceased father, but now suspects foul play. Anyone with any information is urged to come forward."* 

Nicole gasped, placing a hand over her mouth. She lurched to her feet and reached for her cellphone with trembling hands. 