Warm hands closed around the nut-brown seed, placing it firmly into the soil.  The robed priest lowered his wand, chanting in hymn. The air began to vibrate and hum; the light around him distorted and twisted, and with a flash—he vanished—leaving the seed pulsing with a white light.

Over nine-hundred years later, the tree stood; the steady guardian of the monastery courtyard. The wide, green leaves were yellowing in the cold air, and a large gust of wind snatched the first autumn leaf from the tree. The leaf floated and danced in the air, landing on the smooth stone windowsill of the tower. The priest Geoffrey reached out, his old, wrinkled hand grasping the dying leaf. He ran his delicate fingers over the thin veins that ran through the leaf – so much like the veins that ran through his hand. Nature and man – not so different. He shifted his focus to the courtyard, where two brothers played amongst the rocks. 

“Another year passes; the boy grows stronger, still – we cannot take him.” Geoffrey said. 

He turned, looking back into the tower. The room was small, neatly decorated with an ornate rug, a comfortable armchair, and a small table. Joseph, the master of the order, looked up at Geoffrey.

“My decision is final, Geoffrey. We cannot train the boy.” Joseph said.

“But it is prophecy,” Geoffrey said. “You think, because of his temperament, that he will turn against us? You are a fool, Joseph, afraid of his power.”

“Teaching him the magics of our order—This can only lead to destruction. There are many ways in which one can bring peace to the world without the use of magic.” Joseph said.

“Asmodeus grows more jealous of his brother Leopold with each year. How long will his power be kept secret from him? Asmodeus will discover his magic—it is wise for us to show him the righteous path, before he is ushered into darkness.” Geoffrey said.

“Enough,” Joseph said. “I tire of this debate. Send Asmodeus back to his parents. We have taken his older brother into the order; Leopold will be his moral compass.”

Geoffrey stormed out of the tower, his white robes flapping in protest. He walked down the stone staircase and out into the courtyard. The two brothers were lying on the grass, looking up at the clouds.

“Do you think I could ever be a mage like you?” Asmodeus asked.

“The monks said you won’t have magic like me. I’m sorry.” Leopold said, looking over at his brother, and at the approaching monk. “Master Geoffrey, is it time already? Can I have a few more minutes with my brother?” 

“I’m sorry, my boy, but you’ve already had a few more minutes,” Geoffrey said, smiling. “I’ll see what I can do about next season’s visit – maybe Asmodeus can stay for a few days.”

“Really?” Geoffrey asked, forming a childish grin, “Thank you Master Geoffrey.” 

Geoffrey walked Asmodeus to the edge of the monastery. “Do you know your way back to the village?” 

“Yes—it’s just down the mountain, I can see the smoke from here.” Asmodeus said.

“Run along then.” Geoffrey said, disheartened. 

The boy could have been greater than all the others, a true champion of peace. Geoffrey watched as the boy ran down the hill, looking out over the mountains. The Monastery sat at the ridge of the plateau; from the overlook Geoffrey gazed out into the valley, where the village sat nestled between mountain spires, deep forests, and a sheltered bay. Smoke rose from the village; there must be a bonfire today. In Geoffrey’s opinion, the monastery was too sheltered, with little insight into the plights of the world. 

Geoffrey stood uneasily—smoke was rising too quickly, too thick. Multiple plumes were forming – what was happening? He pulled his wand from within his robes and cast a quick spell – a blue orb of water appeared in front of him, shaped into a lens. He saw villagers running from the village in all directions. Riders on horseback descended on the village, wielding oil and flaming torches. The raiders drew their swords, pursuing the villagers with murderous intent.  Geoffrey ran back towards the monastery entrance – as fast as his elderly legs would carry him. 

Asmodeus ran towards the village. He heard screaming, crackling of flames, and galloping horses. His house was on the outskirts of town. His mother and father would be there, out in the field, tending to their crops. They would keep him safe. 

Asmodeus rounded the corner of the main street, passing the thicket of woods that marked the boundary to his town. His home stood before him, it’s thatched roof ablaze. Asmodeus ran up the narrow dirt trail towards his home. He heard screaming from behind the building. Jumping the wooden gate, Asmodeus followed the path around his house, stopping in the bushes near his back porch.

His mother knelt in front of a raider, pleading for her life. The raider thrust his sword into her chest; a red stain spread onto her yellow dress. She fell to the ground, and Asmodeus screamed.  The raider, wearing a leather cuirass, grabbed Asmodeus’s father, who had been knocked unconscious. 

The raider sat Asmodeus’s father on his knees. He locked eyes with Asmodeus as he slit his father’s throat, laughing. Blood sprayed onto the raider, and Asmodeus stood in horror. He wanted to run or hide, but all Asmodeus could do was stand and stare. 

Asmodeus felt something then—a rage, uncontrollable and immutable. Something else was there, something dark and powerful, and it coursed through his veins. The raider turned and walked away from Asmodeus, seeking a more challenging kill than the young boy.

Asmodeus screamed, and the burst of raw power wilted the plants around him; the leaves of the mulberry bush turned to ash. The raiders were riding off, away from town, and Asmodeus swore his vengeance, shaking with rage. He felt something inside him – a white fire, *magic*. Rocks, sticks, and dust began to levitate around him, and without control, he reached out. A branch from the mulberry tree shattered, rending itself into pieces. A short, thin, and straight fragment flew into Asmodeus’s outstretched hand. The tip of the wand glowed with a white light, and the boy collapsed on the ground. 

On the second floor of the nearby monastery, Joseph felt a wave of power surge through him. It came from a distant source—stronger—and darker than any he had felt before. It passed in a moment, but the moment was enough. Joseph collapsed, clutching his chest. In the courtyard of the monastery, the great tree, which had remained silent for centuries, shuddered in fear. 
***
[r/BLT\_WITH\_RANCH](https://www.reddit.com/r/BLT_WITH_RANCH)  
[More from this series](https://www.reddit.com/r/BLT_WITH_RANCH/comments/9vdyhr/arhalym_chronicles/) 