The vibrations inside the box slowly subsided as the chronoton field collapsed. I had been staring at the unpainted plywood door of the capsule for exactly nineteen seconds in my time, feeling nothing more intense than that of holding an electric toothbrush. I unstrapped the entirely unnecessary harness holding me firmly inside the framework of aluminum struts and plywood, and reached for the handle of the door. As I opened it, light from the garage halogen bulbs flooded the capsule and I squinted for a second.

The garage was the still the jumble of workbenches and tool stations I had seen twenty five seconds ago, but everything was displaced. A bench had been overturned, spilling the neatly sorted boxes of screws over the polished concrete floor. A leg poked out from behind it, unmoving. There was a smear of red on the table saw, and a crumpled form beneath it. The whiteboard we had used to scrawl ideas and designs on was wiped clean, with the word "SORRY" scrawled in shaky looking letters across it. One of the laptops was playing a loop of audio at maximum volume, a flat synthetic voice saying "Run Chrissy. Get away. It is coming for you." over and over as I took in the scene. 

I was frozen, picking out irrelevant things as adrenaline lit up my mind and made my muscles quiver with a desire to act. The "SORRY" had been written in orange sharpie, I thought to myself that Jamie would be annoyed about that. But that was him, covered in blood and unmoving by the table saw. The shop air compressor was on, and I could pick up the ticking noise I had tried to get rid of last week was back. I stood frozen for around ten seconds, but it felt like I was experiencing every moment of the twelve hours I must have skipped, paralysed and with crashing waves of panic drowning me.

I stepped fully out of the pod, grabbed at the nearest weapon-like item on the surface nearest to me. A chisel wouldn't be much use against the horrifying time demons I was imagining had descended on us, but my body rewarded me for finally moving with a sense of relief. The  next step had me bolting for the door leading to James's house, and I shrieked like nothing human as I heard a choking, gurgling, cracking noise coming from behind the overturned table and the body of Yara I knew lay behind it.

It was laughter.

"Oh, FUCK you guys."

"Time prank!" 