The man was lanky and didn't fill out his cheap suit properly. He picked me up off the ground and sat me against the wall. I coughed once and saw a fine spray of blood on the cream colored shirt. This was it then; time to die. The first time it had been my friend Frank that had over-steered trying to avoid a deer in the road and slammed into a lightpole. I'd been ejected out the windshield. I never got to feel the impact with the ground because my neck snapped before that could happen. Small mercy. I had learned since then that time didn't reset until the phone call ended, the hard way. Drowning for 30 seconds is 30 seconds too long. Frank had been the one to suggest swimming. He wasn't a terrible person Frank, but this time around though he was a serious asshole. Something about getting into some business with his Russian uncle. Frank smelled of gas station cigars and hotel soap this time. A new low. I was too tired to fight even if I had the presence of mind to mount any sort of defense. Head injuries can ring your bell pretty good. The long gash on my arm and the internal bleeding from being clipped by the car would probably do me in pretty quick. I had a feeling of relief because exsanguination wasn't that bad really. It was quickly shattered by a hard slap across my face. Gears that had flown apart came back together and reality started to do that one moment after the other in sequence thing again. 

"Do you understand why I have to do this?" Frank asked slowly as though it hadn't been the first time. I nodded. Something something got on someone's bad side. Story of my fucking life. 

"I'll do you this one favor and let you call her to say good bye." Well, he might have turned out to be a terrible person this time but he wasn't all bad. There's a reason why Frank is usually my friend. He fished out my phone, good this wouldn't have worked with his. I took the device and dialed a number. 

Cycle number. I've stopped counting how many times I've done this after resetting the cycle a few times. Now I just use 555 all the time because it's funny. Julian calender day/month and year. Ringing. 

"Hello?" 

"In 5 years you will have 30 seconds to talk to you right now." Frank's face contorted into a look of confusion and disgust. He figured out I hadn't called her. I paused for a second to appreciate the look and I must have appeared smug because he suddenly got very angry. I heard a small click from what sounded like a gun safety switch. 

"Make sure you have something good to say, because I'm stumped." 

I heard the sound of the gunshot begin to warble oddly as time began to flow in a confused mess. 

EDIT: 

I'm not a very good story writer, but I'm interested in taking it up as a hobby. Any advice or feedback would be appreciated. 