Why live? The box has only facilitated further pain. It seems the only thing us humans possess is the capacity for misery. I feel as though this human experiment was a total failure, one that should be swept away in a kind mercy to our race. I awake each morning with only the intention of killing myself. One moment of pain for a lifetime of release. However, I only seem destined to fail as I have fallen into a repeating cycle of depression and malaise as the constant fear prevents me from accomplishing the deed.


As the days pass and the seasons turn, I find myself without comfort, aided by only numbness, isolation, and fear. I am only fueled with ragged feelings of regret and angst. As I walk through the park, my face melting from the blistering heat of the afternoon sun, I only feel a deep sorrow for those who pass by. Their blank stares and posturing happiness reek of lies and deceit. Wearing masks, all of them, to cover an underlying truth--an emptiness. I despise them. I know that they know. It's all a big nothing. We walk, we walk, we walk, we die. When will a great flood come come and wash us away, to free us from this seemingly eternal misery? I find myself strolling along the top of the Golden Gate bridge, carefully inspecting the edges of the structure, peering over into the deep blue concrete that awaits me at the bottom--liberation. On especially bad days, I end up cursing myself for my cowardice, my nagging fear that prevents me from freeing myself from constant anguish. It was better to feel nothing at all. No emotions, no pain, no hurt...no hurt.


I awake the next morning...something's wrong. The blistering sun peers through the cracks of my blinds, and for the first time, I don't feel the overwhelming pressure in my throat, the great hole in my heart, the overwhelming hammering sensation that pounds away endlessly throughout my torso. It's gone. I don't feel as though I have to bear another day, but that I 'have' another day. As I crack open my apartment window to lay eyes on the streets below, I witness a flock of people, some alone, some hand-in-hand walking merrily. I focus in on a smiling couple who occasionally gaze into each other's eyes. I watch face wrinkles slowly form as a man smiles at his lover, and the wonderful reciprocation as the curly-haired beauty unconsciously crinkles her nose as she smiles back lovingly. I can't help but feel something awaken in me. A sudden release. The void, the desire for eternal oblivion, and the unremitting darkness melt away and make way for something new: happiness? hope? As this singular, bright feeling fills my body and kindles my heart, it dawns on me that perhaps I have an answer to my question. "This is why I live", "This is why we live". It seems abundantly clear that it may all be worth it for this one, unique moment in time. A great, powerful respite from darkness and despair; a deep connection to humanity, and to the beauty and complexity of life. The constant pain and anguish has given way to understanding, I wonder if perhaps it was necessary I felt what I felt to gain a deeper understanding of this magnificent world. Suddenly I see a man sulking in the streets below, as my recognition of his pain strikes me, a stumbling thought pops up in my head "I wonder if I can give him some of my happiness". I hurry out of my apartment, filled with only good intentions--for the first time.

