"Jim! JIM!" came sudden voice as my friend ran next to me. I was eating in the university cafeteria. My head was hurting already from his talk.

"Last night, before I wanted to go to sleep, I literally saw a huge monster under my bed!"

I looked at my friend Tom and rolled my eyes. He was a really strange one. We met in one of the lectures, and then he added me as a friend on facebook. He did bug me a lot in university as well. Sometimes I felt like I was the only person trying to communicate with him.

"I know you want to scare me, but you have to try harder than that," I responded to his story.

"Oh come on, it was a huge nasty monster. It is okay though, I used my awesome knowledge and made him literally run away. Before he left, he did mention your name literally. That is why I am telling you this!"

"Jim. You don't have magical powers, and monsters don't exist, okay?" I stood up fast to stop eating and run away from him. I saw him taking out mobile and typing something there.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I am literally asking help what I should do with you."

The word literally was making me angry.

"Oh, okay," I put my dishes away and started walking towards next lecture. Tom followed me.

"Why are you following me?" I asked.

"Well, you literally have the smell on you, like someone wants to possess you, so I thought I stick with you for a moment, till the ghost would leave you alone."

"Tom!" I said in a louder voice, stopped and faced him. "Can you stop that?"

"Oh, right, you literally don't believe in any of it, do you now?"

"You talk of it, as I was the weird one."

"Nah, it is okay. I know that people literally think I am weird."

As I listened to him, I started to think that he uses the word 'literally' only when he really means it. But ghosts? Monsters? Please.

"Can you just leave me alone, please?"

Tom looked at me, smiled and then gave me a good back kick with his hand. "Don't worry; you will be fine!"

Oh wow, he didn't say literally! Amazing.

"As long you don't do it." He walked away. What was that supposed to mean?

The day went very smoothly. I got weird stares at times, but here I was, finally at home, ready to go to sleep.

For a moment, I thought back to my conversation with Tom and opened my facebook, to see his latest status updates. They were full of literal things, a lot of them were really weird ones and supernatural. I think everyone I knew already unfollowed him. I don't know why I haven't done it yet. Even so, there are people who like his posts or comment something. A lot of them are making fun of him.

As I took off my jacket and threw it on my bed, I saw a charm on the back of my coat. The charm reminded me of a human, and there were writings all around the edges. In the middle, there were huge two words: 'don't destroy!'.

I looked at the charm, feeling a little bit weird. Tom last words echoed in my ears. I knew instantly that this was what he put on my back, this is why people stared at me, and this is what he meant with his last words. But then again, maybe the middle wording was for others who saw it on my back? Definitely not, else he wouldn't use the word destroy.

I removed it from my jacket and looked at it. It felt like something or someone was begging me to destroy it.

Monsters? Ghosts? Impossible! Then again, Tom did use literally in normal sentences as well.

"Fuck this shit!" I said and tore the charm into the half. I had a moment of relief.

As I was about to throw it into my trashcan, I looked at my bed, eyes shifting below it. I could feel as someone was staring at me, waiting for me to come to sleep. I haven't felt something like this before. Is it just paranoia? I could feel like something far away thanked me for tearing it apart. My mobile suddenly vibrated, and it scared the shit out of me. I opened it and saw the new message on Facebook. Tom sent me a message.

'I can literally feel them coming towards you. I suggest fixing it right now. Anything will do.'

I looked at the charm and moment later I rushed towards the transparent duct tape in my drawers.

----

/r/ElvenWrites

Pls be gentle...