If it's not one thing it's another. Sometimes it’s an easy day and I can't believe I get paid for this job. Other days I don't get paid nearly enough for the stuff I have to deal with.

For instance, my last call I was dispatched to a woman’s house where she said her husband is threatening her with a rifle.  Adrenaline dump, lights and sirens, Code 3 response.  This is the stuff I live for.  This is what I signed up for.  

I’m first on scene. The houses are barely numbered.  They jump from 3 Concord Court to 27 Concord Court. I have a hard time trying to locate number 15.  Dispatch updates me and says there is a brown Ford pickup in the driveway. I end up being directly in front of the house and stop my cruiser. 

I immediately saw husband in the window and he sees me. I exit the cruiser and approach the residence. My backup arrives and the incident plays out like so many before. The new boot is on scene and takes the lead. Good, kid needs some experience I think to myself. He looks scared and nervous as he approaches me but I assure him that everything will be fine and to just stick to his training. We will get through this call and onto the next.

No sooner do I leave that call that I head to the upscale side of town. It’s a different section of town and the residents there call for stupid shit like their neighbor’s dog chasing their cat. These people have problems that most people can't relate to. 

Now someone apparently called the police because there is a woman in the Starbucks who is acting suspicious. We've had several calls on this. For multiple people calling us then this woman must be doing something wacky. Typically on the east side of town its just one snotty person who is too quick to judge and even quicker to dial 911 because they felt the police needed to deal with this. 

I arrive at the Starbucks in no time at all and see the woman sitting out front. I park the cruiser and walk up to her. She's as they describe. High heels, white blouse with a dark navy blue skirt. Almost matches the color of my uniform. Brunette, shoulder length hair that is straight and glossy. She’s fit.  Her legs are tan and long. I can see from their tone that she hasn’t missed a day of working out in quite some time.  She’s very alluring.

I immediately sense that something is not right. The gift of fear they call it. They say some people have an uncanny ability to tap in to the gift of fear and can recognize when a situation is not normal.  Pre-incident indicators is what your sensing. My eyes are seeing something but my brain can’t translate it yet. 

I know what mostly stands out, besides her legs, is that she doesn’t look crazy. Most of the crazies I deal with are just that, crazy. There's no easier or simpler way to put it. 

Attractive woman can have a mental break.  I’ve seen it before.  However typically there is something to indicate that something is off.  Their clothes are inappropriate or don’t match, their makeup is excessive or sloppy or their hair is frazzled. You look into their eyes and can see their mind is racing. Other people can easily see it to and usually after a conversation with the so-called “crazy” person they immediately call us because they know something isn't right.

But this one is different. This woman appears calm, sipping a latte and basking in the sun that is shining on her table that is just outside the main entrance. I feel odd they referred to her as a woman at all. She almost has a youthful appearance, like a energetic and smiling college cheerleader. Yet as I step closer I can tell that this woman girl has seen experiences beyond her years. I can see it on her face.

She’s reading The One Minute Manager.  What’s this chick’s deal? Maybe she’s taking a course; maybe she’s a supervisor somewhere.   I think to myself, “What could this girl have done to the customers inside Starbucks to have them call 911?”  

“Miss”, I call out to her as I approach. 

She looked up from her book. Her face immediately sent a wave through me.  I was unsure what I was feeling.  Was it love at first sight? Did I go to school with her? Is she from this town? Her skin was flawless, glowing with life.  Laugh lines on both sides of her familiar and perfect smile. Her lipstick put on with such deliberate and precise accuracy. Yet I could see weariness on her face, a heavy burden.

She looks up and greets me, “Hello Jack.” 
I am taken aback. My nameplate reads J. Brackett so how does she know my first name?
“Do we know each other?”
“Not officially.  There has been the occasion where I thought of paths would meet but you seem to have luck on your side.”
“What do mean?”
“They call you Lucky Jack right?” 
“Yes.”
“Well you definitely are lucky. Between the accident several years ago when your cruiser slid on black ice to the burglar who decided to drop the knife instead of charging you. You seemed to be lucky.”
“How do you know…”
“You know how I know.”
This chick is nuts, I thought.  No wonder people at Starbucks called about her.  I glance around to locate a complainant but I don’t see anyone in the business.  Odd. 
I don’t need to look around and I can already tell there is no one in the parking lot either.  
“What’s your name,” I ask her.
“She closes her book and places it down.
“You know my name.”
“Miss, you’re very pretty and I have a bunch of work to do but I don’t want to play games.”
“This isn’t a game, Jack.”
“It’s Officer Brackett.”
“I’m sorry, Officer Brackett.”
“You don’t need to apologize. I just prefer Officer Brackett until I get to know someone better.” 
“Well Jack, we do know each other. Our jobs are very similar.  It’s the intangibles in our job that define how we’re doing. I’ve been to several of your calls but like I said before, we’ve never met.  Sometimes I get there before you and sometimes I show up afterwards.  There are other times I showed up but your dedication to your craft by you and your fellow first responders has lightened my load, temporarily.”
“I don’t understand…”
“You didn’t make it Jack.”
“Didn’t make it?”
“You parked directly in front of the house.  That’s rule number one is domestic violence response. You fucked up, plain and simple.”
“You mean, Concord Court?”
“Yes, he had a rifle Jack. He saw you through the window.  You came around the rear of your car and he shot you.  Right through his living room window.”
“But…”
“The round went right through your vest. You scrambled for safety but nothing could have saved you at that point.”
“Saved me?”
“You know I’m right. Listen, how long have you been doing this? You know you park down the street and covertly approach the house the best you can. You may have erred but this isn’t your fault.  He’s been drinking. His wife told him that she is leaving him. He was desperate. He didn’t want it to go this far.  The man had nothing against you personally.”
I feel cold.  The girl stands up and takes my hand.  Her soft skin channels warmth into me.
“But we cleared the call, the rookie..”
“You didn’t clear the call, they’re still there. The rookie was second on scene.  He found you hiding behind the rear driver’s side wheel. The trail of blood went from the front lawn, around the car and began to pool where you laid. He applied Kwik-Klot but he knew just by looking at you that you weren’t going to make it. He stayed with you. You were pinned down and he stayed right by your side.” 
“The woman…”
“She’s okay. You saved another life, albeit unintentional.  When he shot at you that gave her enough time to run out of the back door of the residence.  She’s okay.  I know this isn’t the best time to joke, but you took another one from me, Jack.”
I don’t feel like laughing.

“So why am I here, at Starbucks?”
“I felt this would be easier.”
“What’s going on back on Concord Court?”
“We can go if you’d like.” 

I don’t even have to say yes and she knows I want to check on my team. In an instant we are back on scene.

The rookie is sitting on the ambulance. He’s in shock.  The paramedics are working on you but it will be to no avail.  I glance over to one of the cruisers and see the husband in custody and sitting in the back of the car. Head down. Weeping.

My squad is reacting how I figured they would.  Snyder is crying, Moore is kicking his fender in and Brooks is staying on task.
I’m overwhelmed. I want to say everything but yet nothing.  I feel everything yet nothing at the same time. I can’t watch this anymore.  It is too painful.

I look towards the woman and she looks back at me. She can tell that I’m trying to form words but they’re not coming out. She assures me everything will be okay and she will help me through this stage every step of the way. 

“Yes, Jack?”
“I want my mom.”
