\[I had to split this into two parts because the character limit is acting up. I'm below 100,000 characters (\~9700) and it's refusing to comment.\] 

*Klop. Klop. Klop. Klop.*

Another customer, but not for him. No, in fact, there may never be another customer for Neil. His days below New York’s busy streets were numbered. Neil wondered to this day how he managed to pull off enough operations to afford even this small shop under 37th Avenue.

*Klop. Klop. Klop…*

The sound of footsteps on the wood planks above ceased, presumably as they took their seat. Neil’s small shop sat tucked away beneath the street level, a small time barbershop above him owned by a man named Phil.

“Good,” thought Neil after a few seconds of silence, “they’ve finally sat down. Perhaps now I can think more clearly-” 

Before he could finish the thought, however, another sound erupted. This time the distinctly raucous sound of a jackhammer plowing away at the asphalt above. A wave of anxiety washed over Neil as his memories returned. They are here to fix the water line. Neil was surprised as typically crews don’t come this quickly, he had only called this morning to complain that his faucets stopped providing any running water. It’s likely that his upstairs neighbor offered a nastier complaint, as without running water the barber couldn’t see to all of his appointments.

*Krakakkakakkakakka*.

Neil slumped back, a slightly nervous perspiration beading at his skin, praying for some peace and quiet to think. He spent a moment like this, his back in an awkward posture on his office chair, before finally getting up. He passed over to the door, flipping the small corrugated sign to read “Out to Lunch” for any would-be patients.

“It’s not like I’ve got a busy schedule nowadays,” mused Neil as he crossed the reception area into the procedure room, swiping the quill sitting in his desk inkwell and catching the drips with the now sweaty palm of his hand. In truth, the room appeared much like that of a hospital operating room, though Neil disliked the name as he performed next to no operations for most of his handful of patients. He owned some pieces of equipment that would be familiar to any clinic: an IV pole, an adjustable bed for patients, tables, trays, cabinets; but the one thing that separated Neil’s clinic from any other was the human-sized tablet resting against the opposite wall of the room.

Neil dabbed the quill into a cotton swab taken from one of the drawers beside him, inspecting to ensure no ink remained in the quill before pricking the point of his finger, drawing blood into the quill’s shaft. Placing pressure from his thumb on to the finger, Neil used his dominant hand to draw a symbol on a new line of the tablet. The quill did not scratch against the tablet as he did so, brushing smoothly and effortlessly as if he truly was painting on canvas. Neil drew a smooth circle encapsulating three equal dots. On the edges of the circle he drew three arcs leaving the circle in a clockwise direction. Next to this symbol, Neil continued drawing strange symbols made of arcs and edges known only to those in his craft.

When he finished, Neil took a step back to inspect the work he had done, satisfied with the result and noting the slightly drop in room temperature. A moment later he returned to his desk, placing the quill back in the inkwell. He sighed to himself, a feeling of misery coming over him.

“I’ve got to do what I must to survive,” thought Neil, resigning himself to the compromise he and his upstairs neighbor held, “until I can get going again.” With that sentiment, Neil bent beneath his desk to open the small refrigeration unit he’d installed at the foot of his desk and took out a small turkey sandwich in plastic wrap. Undoing the wrapping, Neil took off the bread and used a packet of mustard he hoarded from the nearby deli to help add flavor to the meal. Neil hated the taste of prepackaged deli meat, but when five dollars can afford him a week’s worth of meals Neil couldn’t complain too much. He knew better than most what survival meant to people.

Minutes later, Neil had just swallowed the last bite of sandwich when the jackhammer ceased, an odd quiet filling the air. Neil sighed once more, balling up the plastic wrap and smoothing the crumbs into a small trash bin. He stood and walked calmly over to the front door, flipping the sign back to read “Welcoming New Patients.” As he did so Neil glanced up past the stairwell leading up to 37th Avenue, catching glimpses of people running towards the street and hearing snippets of frantic conversation.

\[End Part 1, Part 2 is Direct Reply\]