Graves rifled through the target information on his datapad with one thumb, trying to finish stuffing the thick BLT sandwhich into his mouth with the other. His was an older model and his fingerprints were constantly leaving oily stains on its surface. The department kept claiming that they’d be replacing them eventually, but these days who knew how many lifetimes that might be. 

Todays target used to be a young man. Twenty two, former football player, several time DUI offender, but who the hell wasn’t these days. Graves started speeding through the pages of dull useless text, shaking his head at the amount of random garbage the department thought it worthwhile to include. Like former weight, what the hell good would that do him. Reruns rarely if ever showed any relation to these sorts of old physical traits, and when they did Graves suspected it was purely incidental. 

Around him the hospital ward was bustling. The proliferance of the Rerun bug or E404 as the med boys called it had caused the number of deaths, especially suicides and manslaughters to spike heavily. Common sense would indicate that people would have adopted a more relaxed view on the concept of death, but funeral parlors were very much still in business, and hospital waiting rooms still packed with sobbing relatives. It turned out that funerals really were more for the attendees in the pews than those in the casket after all.

Graves finished reading the brief and snapped the data pad shut with a sigh. Crumpling his sandwich wrapper, he rose to speak with the receptionist, tossing the balled up trash in the nearby garbage can as he went. It missed. The cheerful receptionist greeted him with a smile, asking his business at the hospital. It was a drone, but a well built one, its animatronic head designed for maximum appearance authenticity. The uncanny valley effect still made it fake enough to fool only the most braindead toddler, but people really still insisted that the manufacturers at least try to fool them. 

“Here for the maternity ward, DOJ business.” The drone immediately offered directions and phoned ahead regarding his arrival. Graves strolled through the hallways, running his hands slowly through his thinning grey hair. He was probably due for a reset after his pension kicked in and he could set up a fund for the next life. The conservatives had kicked up hell over the potential abuse cases if the rerun wasn’t born a US citizen, but eventually lost out. After all, was private money anyway. 

Arriving at the maternity ward, Graves waved himself in and spoke to the receptionists, a human this time regarding his business. “Is it confirmed yet?” The young woman was clearly new on the job, glancing about for a superior to potentially take over. 

“Not yet,” Graves replied, “but it’s about a one in three chance and I haven’t gotten word of a match yet. Are the parents here at the moment?” The nurse bit her lip, but nodded. Graves groaned. Well old man, he thought bleakly, do you like 66% odds? “Alright,” he said to the nurse. “Might as well get it over with.”

Walking through the labyrinth of warming pads and fawning parents, Graves and the nurse eventually arrived at the pan of a small child, probably no more than 8 oz. The parents, Robert and Patricia Edwards, were both watching the little girl stretch about. Graves barely surpressed a groan. One parent was bad, two were a nightmare.

“Mr. and Mrs. Edwards, a moment of your time.” Graves shifted into his most professional tone. The two parents looked at him, their delight turning to apprehension in an instant. He doubted they knew what he was there for, but nobody in a grey trenchcoat is ever there to bring you good news. Mr. Edwards was definitely of the same mindset.

“Excuse me, but who is this man?”

“Mr. Graves Elliot, sir. He’s here to run a quick test on young Sarah.” The nurse looked almost green in the face.

“We weren’t told of any tests. This is honestly very unprofessional of you and I will be making my opinions known to the hospital supervisor.”

“The tests are not medical sir, stand back please.” Graves had dealt with this type before. His badge was enough to cow the man into silence, but this could quickly get ugly depending on how the test went. Two to one odds aren’t that awful, right?

Turning to the little girl in the warming pan, Graves reached up and activated the small camera built into his glasses. Leaning over and he asked in a gentle, but clear voice. “Hi there, Jamal.” The girl who had been squirming about suddenly froze, eyes blinking twice in quick succession before it tilted its head to look at him. Graves nearly swore. With his luck, the rerun would be born in fucking Cambodia.

“Jamal Smith, you are currently under arrest for aggravated assault, possession of an illegal firearm, assaulting an officer, resisting arrest, as well as attempted legal subversion via rerun. You have the right to remain silent anything you say can and...”

“What the fuck is going on here?” Mr. Edwards had gotten to his feet but was quickly grabbed by two security drones that had been waiting in the wings. Both Edward parents were tranquilized and taken away. For what it was worth, their medical and maternity bills would be covered by the state of Nevada, not that that would be much consolation for either of them. 

Looking down at the little Jamal/Sarah who had gone back to squirming in her crib, Graves couldn’t help but sigh again. There would be a lawsuit, probably several inquiries if Mr. Edward’s lawyers were as good as his income, and maybe even a congressional testimony if it got really bad. As one of the security drones put the squirming Sarah  in a stasis pod for transport, Graves couldn’t help flipping the little brat the bird. How many more years to his goddamn reset again?