The Space Werewolf 

As Mark stared at the chewed up barbed wire grate that covered the bulletproof window, he knew that his night was going to take a turn for the worst. He took a sip of his late night ninety nine cent coffee and breathed a tired sigh. 
"You can't come in," he said, but the thing didn’t acknowledge his words and instead continues to gnaw on the grating. As if to break the silence, Mark hears shuffling in the back room and turns to see Sandy carrying a box of DVDs marked “cheap crap”. 
“Is it back?” She says after placing the box on the counter. 
“Yup,” he says while taking another dragged sip of coffee.
“Still trying to get in?” 
As Mark watched the wolf like creature give him a death stare, he thought of how he got here. He thought about what steps in life led him to working minimum wage at Saul’s Intergalactic Movie Rentals, a place almost six hundred million kilometres away from Earth.   
Mark looked deep into the beast’s black eyes and wished that he could go back to watching Super Mario Bros the Movie on the mounted display CRT facing the front counter. 
Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he sees Sandy slowly push a stick of jerky onto the gray nose of the larger-than-life man beast. As if unimpressed with the meat in it’s face, the beast growled but refused to let go of the metal. 
“I guess it’s not hungry,” she said while placing the jerky in her mouth, and chewed thoughtfully.
"Don't do that," Mark says, fully knowing that she wouldn’t listen.
She smiles, teeth and all and asks, "do you think it’s here for the space movies or the space popcorn?”
Mark turns to Sandy “just because we’re in space it doesn’t mean you should prefix everything with the word space.”
“Do you think it’s more ‘Night of the living Werewolf’,” she says while taking another bite of her stick jerky, “or ‘Return of the Wolf-man part XII’”
Mark pauses to finish his coffee and finally says, “Really? There can’t be twelve of those movies.”
She nods, “oh ya. There are like fifteen in the main series alone. We have two copies in the back”.  She moves over to the “W” section and tosses a VHS case to Mark. He looks at the front of the case and notices that the twelve consists of several bloody werewolf fingers that form the number.
“Is it good?” He asks.
“God no, but it’s more funny in how bad it is.” 
There’s a long pause and then Sandy says “well it’s been an hour. Do you want me to press it or do you want to?”
Mark looks to the yellow button placed next to the door like the world’s worst doorbell. He reads the post-it note above that reads, “Press me in case of werewolf”.
Mark moves towards it and places his hand over the button. He gives the werewolf one last look before pressing the button. Behind the animal, Mark could see the glass like airdome start to open up and a force beginning to pull against the beast. At first it refused unhinge it’s jaw from the bars. It wasn’t until the force started getting really intense that it let go and was sent hurdling into space.   
As the glass doors closed, sealing the wolf in the eternal void, Mark thought to himself, that was our first customer in a week.       
    
     