His name was Loki and he was the new teacher. 

Us, the kids, hated him by default, as we had hated all of his predecessors. Teachers were bad. They talked fancy and spared no opportunity to humiliate us. But it had been our unceasing mischiefs that drove them all away and we had no doubt that this blond suit northern city guy would find his way out soon enough. 

At nine, I had single-handedly driven Miss June to the madhouse "to rest", the year before, and had consequently shortened the school year by half, as none were found to come and replace her here. Julia, my neighbour´s daughter herself, one year my senior, who had had to repeat the second of primary for not learning the multiplication table in math and who thus hated Miss June, had personally given me one of her father´s bulldog puppies as a reward for that. I named it Rex. A proper name for the dog of the king of mischief!
 
Then came September and this Loki guy showed up, all smiles and with a huge jar of city candy on his desk for us to see plainly. The small pebbled chocolate kind, that drove kids crazy. 

He opened the jar, looked around the class and then, straight as an arrow, came close to me and offered me candy, with a smile. 

So this guy obviously knew about miss June and probably, about what I did. To take or not to take, that was the question. What was this chocolate delight coming to? The tension was rising as a I sat there pondering. 

- “Go ahead” he said with a smile. 

And I reached for one. 

-  “That’s a cute dog, but none are allowed in my classroom”,  

The tone of that wasn’t angry. Not even harsh. He was - if anything - friendly, as he held the jar open for the kid next to my right to take a piece of candy. But everybody in the village knew that Rex was now a part of me. I had a reputation to keep. In the 6 months since Miss June had been hurled away in a hurry, I never parted with Rex. It had been great. And as those words came rolling at me, the chocolate in the corner of my eye, I decided it was time that my dog learned to sit, growl and attack at my command. Like now. 

- “This is sheep shit, not candy”, I said, grabbing the jar as it was passing right in front of me and spitting out the chocolate back in there. My desk mate spat his out in the palm of his hand, in panic. 

That had been a declaration of war. I, for one, had intended it that way. No kid would ever want any candy from this guy. Only a big fat traitor would do that. Naturally, my parents had to reimburse him the candy, Rex got kicked out from the school premises as if he were a mere mutt, I got suspended for a month but what’s more important, the game was on. I left mucus on the door knob of his office as I made my way out. 

I’ve spent my suspension tending to the family sheep with Rex. I taught him to sit and growl at my command, using the chocolate pebbles I had “confiscated” from Loki that day. But there would be no way of teaching Rex to attack. He was a good, placid, big eyed dog that sought love from any stranger. Even when he did growl at my command, he did it uncovincingly. He was a soft, social mutt who wasn’t capable of any attack. 

So, naturally, when time came to go back to school I was quite depressed over my failure to tailor my dog to my liking. And as if that would not be enough, I was soon to understand that a lot had happened in that classroom in my absence. I would hear as if hallucinating how my mates would answer eloquently to questions Loki would make, no mistakes, no pranks. WHAT had happened? 

And the big jar of candy gleamed at me from his desk

- “It’s me” seemed to say the memory of it. 

These sorry-ass sweet seeking mates of mine had traded freedom for candy, forgetting who was the real enemy. 

So, naturally that day I brought in Rex and came in early, early enough to be the first kid on the premisses. I - obviously - had a plan. That day I was carrying a bag of sheep shit dived it into cheap melted chocolate. And an empty bag for the real chocolate to go into. The message was clear: you don’t f**** with the king of mischief. 

I replaced the candy, hid the real ones in my bag, waited for the inevitable while thinking about all the ways I’m going to convince Rex to be agressive with all that candy. Unfortunately it was Julia the first kid to answer correctly to a question about “Shephard John”, the poem we were studying, and vomited in the classroom and the teacher could see the content of the candy as what it was. Unsurprisingly, I was accused of the deed and got another month of suspension with the warning that if this would repeat, I would be eventually kicked out of school. 

Another month with the sheep and Rex, a bit chillier that the month before, but still nice. I was still failing at commanding Rex to attack. Kids would come up to the hill where I was after school to tell me all the new things they were learning about, biology, French and some other useless stuf. On top of that, I knew by now that man was a mortal enemy to me. And from what my classmates would say, he felt the same way about me. Apparently he was telling the kids I was trouble, that I was no good, that they should stay away from someone like me. He was saying all those things to kids who knew me since I was born. While giving them candy. The good kind. He would tell them I was selfish and sick; that I needed help. 

And all of a sudden, everybody started to believe him and be incredibly helpful with me. Even my own mother, who had high career hopes for me. They would talk to me funny, like I was retarded or something, always asking me if I needed help with anything. And giving it no importance whatsoever I told my mother in anger that the only help I need is to get this damn dog to attack on command. 

That really plunged the village into action. Kids would bring me herbal concoctions their grandma’s made, played with him aggressively but to no result. 

Then a rumor was started. Julia was telling people that she had asked the teacher what would make a dog aggressive and he said that in his village people would cut the ears and tails of the dogs and fed it to them. 

There was no way I would do that to Rex! 

If I was the king of mischief this guy would be the f**** god. 

To be continued