The Elveron family; one of the most prestigious lines of
dragon in the world. Their  terror has been known for over a millennium, toppling
countless villages and striking fear into the hearts of whoever they cross paths with. Their
work has picked up in recent years. With all the new kingdoms popping up, the
need for princess kidnapping has increased tenfold. 

But now tension is brewing in the family, no more apparent than
in tonight’s dinner. Little Adam, the youngest of twelve and the only one still
home with his parents, has had a 100% success rate of kidnapping his victims. The only problem?

He only captures princes. 

“Son,” father Kirfon said, trying to put his on his farthereist
voice. “We need to discuss something very important with you.”

Adam put down the Princess Fiona meatloaf his mother had cooked. “Hey
if it’s about that Rupaul guy you saw on my screen because I only studying human culture and-“

“Not that son, although I still do not understand why they are gagging so much. I mean, your
kidnappings. One hundred and twenty-three captures and not a maiden! I
mean, you even got Prince Charming. How on Earth did you ever get him from
Disney!?”

“Oh, I hired some lawyers.”

“And were they all male too?”

“Of course not- I mean- Well, why does that matter?”

Kirfon facepalmed. “Honey, how about you just say it?”

“Adam, dear. We’re a bit worried about you. Why do you only
kidnap males? You can tell us.”

Adam quickly realized he couldn’t hold it any longer. He needed to tell the truth, but he knew his parents would never accept it. But, an idea popped into his head. 

He sat up and leaned forward on the table. 

“Well, mother, father. I guess this is a better time than
any. I… prefer eating men.”

Adam tried to give his best smile while freaking out inside.

Both the father and mother leaned back, looking relived.

“Oh, is that all? Well, that meat preference is definitely
strange, but sometimes I enjoy devouring males as well! Sorry for asking! Back
to dinner everyone.”

Adam sat back down and resumed eating, smiling devilishly.
Little did his father and mother know the true weight of that sentence.

 

/r/StoryStar for more really fucking weird tales like this.