   You know, I had just been sick and tired of my relatives crap.  50 acres of the old family farmstead had been left to me when Granddad died.  50 acres had been left to all the grand kids, my mom and my 2 uncles with the rest being put into a trust.  Thus began 30 years of petty fighting and court battles in which my uncles had fought and uncle Gary, bit by bit had seized "directorship" of the land and all the inherited parcels, all but mine.  Then he makes contact and is coming for me.  This was literally a joke to relieve my frustration with the BS.  He had left me alone until I got medically retired for combat injuries.  23 years in the Army and he does not do crap until I had to come home and live.  Granddad's family was Native American, hell Granddad's brother was the sitting chief at the time of Granddad's death 30 years ago and my little parcel butts up to the reservation on one side so what the heck.  I figured some UN desk jockey would get a laugh and I would get to vent so I shot the letter out.  Vague details how all the neighboring territories had been gobbled up and their native citizens cast out or enslaved, I mean Uncle Gary does make everyone continuing to live on the "trust land" pay rent for upkeep and crap on once was theirs so that did not seem like to much of a stretch.  Plus I'm a vet and eldest of Granddad's grand children so signing off as the "Prince of Vetlandia" did not seem to bad of a joke.

   But I never imagined this.  Acceptance and recognition by the UN to include the U.S.  Apparently 50 acres and a natural spring that feeds the fish pond is enough to meet autonomous sustainment qualifications and so it went through.  Now I have a UN securities council lawyer and Uncle Gary has been arrested for some 30 violations of UN international regulations because him and 3 of his hunting buddies were on my land.  Apparently it classified as an attempted armed invasion and with that the UN seeded the rest of the land trust to "Vetlandian governance.  I guess it did not help that 2 of my cousins immediately came to the UN lawyer and testified to the harsh treatments they received under Gary's "dictatorship" and offered to swear loyalty and citizenship to "Vetlandia".

   Now I'm sitting here the "crowned prince" of an 800 acre "micro-nation",  Sitting across the table from a distant cousin I never met who, as current chief, seeks to have the 1,600 acres left to the reservation join "Vetlandia".  All while the UN lawyer, sitting to my right, shoots eye daggers back and forth with the U.S. diplomatic ambassador on my left for trying to deny the free movement and territorial freedoms of choice to a native peoples "seeking to improve their place in the world".

   Jesus I just wanted to be left alone and enjoy some fishing.

edited for spacing