Today was boringly normal. It was so normal, I don't think I even saw any flashing red and blue lights. Nothing happened. Nothing ever happens. Life is basically meh. *Hey, at least I can go to bed now.*

*Shit. I forgot to plug my phone in. I don't wanna get out of my warm bed though.* Something just clawed at my face. It hurts like hell. I'm too scared to move. *What the hell was that?* I crack my eyes open just enough to see, while trying to keep the facade that I'm still asleep. There is a black cat sitting on my bed staring at me with its golden eyes. *How the hell did that get in my house?* I fully open my eyes. "It's about time you woke up." *Did that cat just speak to me?* It quickly scratches the other side of the my face. "What the hell was that for?" "That is so you know this is real. Now come quick, we don't have much time to spare." 

The first thing I notice after getting out of bed is the fact I am not in the same room I fell asleep in. The second thing I notice is the smell of a failed barbecue in the air. "Where am I?" "I'm surprised at your poor memory. This is your home. You are in Ulthar." *Ulthar. Why does that ring a bell?* 

The town looks like an ordinary Old English town. At least it would have appeared ordinary if there hadn't been burning houses, and countless bodies of cats and people littering the strangely familiar streets.  "What the fuck happened?" My host seems to reflect for a short mostly silent moment. "They came. Those black ships came to the Moon first, then they set their course to here. A trail of fire and death following them. It is very unlike those merchants on their black ships, doing the will of the Messenger." 

The cat is silent for a while as he leads me closer to the edge of town. "I am told you are the only one that can help us. You need to go to Celephaïs before it burns. Kuranes can help you as much as you can help him. I will accompany you, but we must hurry, we don't have much time." *These names of Ulthar, Celephaïs, and Kuranes are very familiar to me, much like the layout of the streets of this small town.* "Why are these names and streets familiar? Why can't I remember them?" My companion stares at me for a second. "Dreams have a funny way of erasing themselves it seems." "If I am dreaming, then none of this can be real. That explains why I am walking with a talking cat." "Well, yes you are dreaming, and yes this is real. I feel I need to explain. These dream-lands are a world parallel to the waking one hidden from some, by a thin veil of sleep. That doesn't mean it's any less dangerous though. Besides, what do you have going for yourself in the waking world?" After another short period of silence we reach the edge of the town. I try waking myself up again, but to no avail. It is then I realize I am not waking up. Not until this is done. I need to go to Celephaïs to prevent it from burning, but I have no idea how. Guess I'll figure it out on the way.