There was a dull ringing in Joshua's head, like that of someone who sat far to near a church bell. His daughter, he knew that much but her name escaped him, she sat near in a chair his wife had left an indent in. 

They had spend their lives together, his wife was always so beautiful, so elegant, and yet she was strong, but she had been gone for years now. He tried to picture her face, her hazel eyes that glinted when she laughed, her small hands that were so delicate but so confident, she had gorgeous long black hair... no it was brown wasn't it. He muttered under his breath about being an idiot. 

He looked at the girl across from him as he saw her lips move. He tried to focus on the sound, he reached behind his ear and turned the dial a bit.

"Dad! How did you like lunch?" he sat there a moment opening and closing his mouth slowly smacking his lips a bit, still able to taste whatever he ate, and what did he eat. Joshua slowly made a chewing motion mulling over in his head what it might be.

"I- I don't know." she looked at him a little disheartened.

"dad, do you remember me?" 

"course I do, you are my daughter! how could I forget you." 

"dad, what's my name?" He sat there, he looked at the ground moving his whole body back in forth in his chair. He couldn't remember, he pushed into the recesses of his mind and found only old stupid songs and a toy he wanted when he was a boy, an old toy cowboy six shooter. That wasn't important though, his daughter's name was. He thought long and hard never stopping his movement in his chair, and suddenly he remembered a name. 

"Mary, your name is mary. I wouldn't forget my daughters name."

Her eyes were wet, "dad, my name is dianne. Mary was your mother's name." he stopped rocking for a second. Why would he remember his mother's name over his daughter. 

"I- I never meant to... I'm sorry Dianne, how could I forget." He felt tears as he shook his head at himself.

"It's ok dad I-"

"It's not ok!" He was angry with himself. "I don't want to forget, I don't want to lose what little I have left!" She got up and hurried to him before hugging him.

"it's ok." she said holding him, he felt so small in her arms, like he could break any moment, but she knew he had already broken. she let go and looked at him, "Do you want me to stay tonight?" she asked.

"No, you have a life dianne, I don't want to keep you here." she nodded as she stood. She wiped her own eyes, and started to head towards the door.

She grabbed the handle before turning back to him, "Dad, I'll be back tomorrow, the nurse should be here in a few minutes."

"alright" he said, "tell my daughter I love her, and that I hope she comes soon. I've been feeling a bit lonely as of late." tears welled up in her eyes and she nodded before closing the door.





Joshua sat for a while, when a sudden hand came upon his shoulder. The hand was soft, small, and warm. It felt comforting, and he looked where it followed, he found it let to a woman with hazel eyes and blonde hair. It took him a moment, and suddenly he remembered it as the face of his wife. She smiled and put a hand to his cheek, and his vision began to blur. 

" I never meant to forget." She nodded at those words, and beckoned him. He felt warmth around him, and his regrets vanished before he was enveloped in light, and suddenly the room was left empty.