The young boy and the young girl giggled happily as they sat the giant canvas on the aisle. The paint has been laid on the palette, and all that was left was to create.


The girl picked up her brush and dipped it gently in the colors. She started with white, a very small amount of red and a touch of yellow. On the canvas she then painted, with silhouettes mirroring their own. With a bright and cheerful smile on her face, she looked at the boy and spoke.


“See! I made them look just like us. Isn’t it great?”


The boy looked with fascination at the girl's creation. “Wow, let me try!” He said.


With the same colors the boy created more, and together they created more. And more and more and more. But as he painted, the more he created, the less interesting they became. His head slowly turned down, and he stopped.


The girl looked at him, a confused expression visible on her face. “What’s wrong? She asked. “Do you not like them?”


The boy looked at the girl and said “I did, but they became boring.”


The girl's head leaned sideways, for she could not understand his reason. She looked at the painting and what she saw, she thought was beautiful. She wondered why, but maybe it’s because it was her creation. She then looked at the boy, with an idea in her head.


“I know! How about you create something, anything!” Said the girl.


“Anything?”


“Yup!”


The boy smiled wide, and he thought hard. He looked around him, at the girl beside him, and the canvas, and at last at the paint. The red paint in particular, was attractive to him and he was pulled in by the elegance and beauty of the color.


He raised his brush and began creating. First he created the silhouette, and then another one. On the arms of one, he painted a line of steel blue, straight to the head of the other. He dipped his brush on the red that sat on the palette, before splattering it on his creation.


“There, how about that!” Said the boy.


The girl just stood there, uneased. “I-I... Don’t like it very much.” She said softly.


The boy’s face scowled, clearly he was upset. He thought what he created was beautiful, but the girl rejected it out right. “What do you not like about it?” He asked, almost shouting.


The girl hesitated but, clenching her fist and swallowing her saliva she spoke.


“It’s ruining their beauty!”


“No it’s not!” The boy bit back.


“Yes it is!”


They went back and forth just like that till the two of them were out of breath. Panting but upset, they boy picked up his brush once more and splattered the canvas with red.


The girl pushed the boy away making him hit the canvas. The boy fell to the ground, with the fallen painting in front of him. The girl stood there, with tears forming at the bottom of her eyes. She didn’t speak, she just looked at the ground. With that the young boy left, as the tears she couldn’t hold started to falling like rain down the painting.


Her tears washed away the red, as she picked the painting up and placed it back on the aisle. She picked up her bush and began fixing her creation.


But like the spinning of a wheel, the boy always come back and blood is always spilled, before the rain washes it away and the world begins anew.