“I’ll never forget Anna. She was perfect. Beautiful, kind, loving, just so amazing. I loved her like I had never loved anyone before. Like I couldn’t love again.

The night she died devastated me. Only about a week after our wedding. I looked 21 at the time, as did she. She got shot coming home to visit her dying mother. I would’ve gone with her, had one of my close friends not just gone through surgery that day. I needed to be there for him. They never did find the bastard who killed her. I stopped aging completely, and found myself spiralling into a deep depression. It took another 18 years before I met her reincarnation.

Isabella was a lot like Anna. She was witty, smart, but I knew she was always hiding something. She hid her feelings well, and I could tell there was always something bothering her. Of course, she’d deny it, but I knew better. She was like Anna, but she was so different. 

I think it was the little things that set me off. She had a different style of clothing, she liked different kinds of music, she wasn’t as at home in her own skin as Anna was. I tried to love her. I really did. I even aged a year living with her, but I just couldn’t do it. This was not Anna. Isabella would never be Anna. If I couldn’t grow old with Anna, then I decided I wouldn’t grow old at all.

I killed Isabella first. Then Jessica, another twenty years later. Mary, another seventeen. After that, I lost track. I stopped trying to love them. I always knew when it was Anna’s incarnation coming into my life. They always have the same humour, the same laugh, and the same love towards me. I killed them all as soon as I could. It hurt me every time, but I always felt so strangely liberated from those imposters. 

I’ve lost track of how long it’s been. Centuries, maybe. I kill them quickly, because I still see her in them. I still see her in you.”

“Why are you telling me this?” Rachel asked me. She was scared. I knew she would be. They always are. 

“You’re not Anna. You may try to be, but you never will be. You don’t know her like I do. You will never be her. And neither will the next you.”


