Bill’s hand instantly found his phone and turned off the alarm.  He hoped briefly that he could fall back asleep, but the sun was up and he could hear his new roommate moving around already.  Bill opened his eyes and turned over in bed.

How did he not realize before how *pale* Viktor was?  Bill’s roomie stood shirtless before a mirror, carefully slathering sunscreen over every inch of skin.

“Oh, my friend Bill, good morning!” Viktor said.  He spoke with a hint of an accent, maybe Russian or Polish or something, but he insisted he came from Louisiana.  

“Mornin’,” Bill said.  A few moments passed as Viktor finished applying the sunscreen and Bill composed himself to get up.  “Ready for the first day of classes?”

“Yes!” Viktor grinned.  “I am ready to be studying Computer Science.  There are such mysteries to unlock, and many mega-bites to have!” He snapped the air playfully with his unusually sharp-looking teeth, then laughed.

“Hah,” Bill said.  “Good one.”  Bill and Viktor both dressed for the day.  “Want to hit the dining hall?”

Viktor looked close to panicking.  “I cannot! Thank you for the invitation, my friend Bill! I have a special diet.  I cannot digest the gluten, and must regulate my blood sugar, and the tree nuts close up my throat.”

“That’s terrible,” Bill said sympathetically.

“The shellfish, they give me the hives,” Viktor continued.  “And the Alpha Gal! Ah, I mean the alpha-galactase, I cannot eat meat.”

“So you just live on salad?”

“No no, I am allergic to chlorophyll,” Viktor said.  “It is very complicated, but it is also easy.  I drink the special health food shakes.”  He pulled an opaque bottle out from the mini fridge under his bed and gave it a swirl.  “Is everything my body needs.  But maybe our suite mates, they will eat the breakfast with you?”

Viktor was right; the boys across the hall were hungry.  Dolph and Mohammed were both curious guys.  Dolph seemed to have no attention span: every bird that flew by, every squirrel scampering across the walkway, and every girl in a hundred yard radius caught his attention.  Bill was almost certain he had seen Dolph pause to sniff the air.  By contrast, Mohammed was too generic.  He walked a little stiffly, as if he tried too hard to control a body of average height and build.  

“Soooo,” Bill said.  “Where are you guys from?”

“California!” Dolph exclaimed.  “Yosemite National Park is basically my back yard.  I love it.  I love to hike there.  And there are so many interesting sme... so many interesting sights!”

“Cool,” Bill said.  “And you, Mohammed? Did you grow up around here?”

“I am from...” Mohammed hesitated. “The City Of New York, often called New York City (NYC), or simply New York (NY), is the most populous city in the United States.” He briefly paused again, then continued with his oddly monotonous voice. “If you know anyone from the City of New York, they are unlikely to know or remember me.”

Once in the cafeteria, Bill watched his suite mates arrange their trays. Dolph loaded two plates with every breakfast meat available.  Then he grabbed a bowl, but instead of cereal and milk, he filled it with water.  Mohammed circled the cafeteria twice, studying every offering carefully before selecting three hard boiled eggs and a glass of soda.  Bill sat with them, eating his cereal and watching them with some amusement.

“Why do you observe us?” Mohammed asked him.

“It’s just, I’ve never seen anyone eat like you before,” Bill said honestly.

Mohammed looked down at his plate, and then back up at Bill.  “Hard boiled eggs are an efficient food.”

“I can’t argue with that,” Bill said.

Dolph didn’t seem to notice the conversation.  He was too busy savoring bacon, ham, and sausage with his bare hands.

Bill sipped his cereal milk thoughtfully.  He wondered if he should give Viktor, Dolph, and Mohammed tips for blending in. Then again, why not embrace the weird and see where it went?

“Do you guys ever play DnD?”

(Edited for spelling, because Autocorrect is not in fact correct)

ETA: There is now a [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/aa4g82/pi_college_suitemates_2_the_pledge/?st=JQ7B5D63&sh=5c9bd28a) 