We were both 19. She had baby blue eyes that I could get lost in forever. Our favorite spot to be was in a hammock, in a grove of apple trees near the corn fields her father had reaped for years. He was a stubborn man, with a thick black mustache, often smelling of motor oil and sweat. But he understood what we had together. He knew deep down that Betsy and I were made for one another. 

She had very pale skin, her face crowded with an array of small, brown freckles. Her long, black hair was the smoothest thing I'd ever had the blessing to touch. No item throughout all the shops in town could even come close. The colorful and soothing Missouri sunsets we spent so many nights together watching were no match for her beauty. 

We had met in sophomore year in high school. It was like something right out of a movie, actually. I bumped into her on my way to class, spilling both of our books and papers across the hallway. She had come flying around the corner and was apologizing profusely. Rather than help sort out the mess, I crouched over a week's worth of notes, astounded by the beautiful creature before me. It was the second Monday of the school year, and we had a date by Friday. 

Senior year came and we both knew what we wanted. I worked weekends trying to save up for our future. My top priority was the ring. I found a beautiful one in Mr. Sweeney's shops. "Beautiful ring for a beautiful girl," he said, flashing a grin which included a golden tooth. I snatched the bag and disappeared. A few weeks later, I drove to her house. The long dirt road winding between the crops seemed to last forever. I knew she was out with a few friends for the evening and decided tonight was the night. Her father answered the door grimly, nodding as I asked for his blessing. It had been six years since he lost his wife. He would soon lose his daughter as well, as would I.

The date had been set for late September. On August 15th, I awoke looking at the wall. Betsy's usual position in the bed was missing. Green wallpaper stared back at me. My stomach dropped. Something didn't feel right. 

The search lasted for weeks. I still searched throughout the winter, spending Christmas alone in the home that would have been ours. The snow filled woods held no clues. No one had seen her leave. Our closet was still full with clothes and promises and dreams. 

Two years passed. I still lived in the same house. Our house. Every night, a wave of grief washed over me as I turned the key in the lock. I still felt her in the house. I would hear her footsteps upstairs, knowing it wasn't her. I began to give up hope. The police had gotten a tip from Mr. Sweeney that some out of towner, who gave the name of Joe, was asking about her. No one else saw him. No one else knew anything. 

Three years had now passed. My 23rd birthday came and went. So did hers. We were both March babies. She loved chocolate. I always made a cake for her, letting it sit on the counter once I had finished, staring at the candles as they slowly melted down, gasping for more air, desperately trying to stay lit. 

I was on the edge. Giving up. Losing hope. I hadn't talked to her father in months. I heard people at work whispering about me. I slept very little. Everytime I passed a woman with black hair, my heart sped up. It was never her. My weekends included driving in circles around the town, looking for something. Anything.  I couldn't keep this up. 

On a Thursday morning, a rap on the door awoke me from daydreaming while poking at my soggy cereal. A very tall man stood at the front door, and took off his hat as I opened it. 

"He-Hello, sir. My name's Joe. I'm her-"

I shut the door. I knew. The description. It was him. The bastard had cotton in the socket where his eye should have been, exactly as the description stated. I put my back to my front door, the oak one Betsy had picked years ago, and slowly slipped down, my legs going numb. 

This fucker was dead. 

I grabbed my father's old 9 iron, a gift he had given me. The green handle was being crushed by the tight grip of my white knuckles. I swung the door open, catching him off guard as he began walking away. I raised it over my right shoulder and swung down. Hard. It connected with the back of his knee and a blood curdling scream escape his lips. He dropped to the ground, screaming in pain. 

I stood over him, my eyes filled with hate. I could feel the heat beating off my face. 

"Where did ya come from?!? Where did ya go?!? Why the fuck -"

Someone opened the passenger side door of his old, blue Volkswagen Beetle. A gentle voice that was filled with fear cried out. I had heard it before. I knew it was her. 