It’s a strange life. Being a former hitman that is. Living a normal life is much more difficult than taking them. 

But, it appears life has come full circle for me considering I’m tied up 9 blocks from where I was taken from, now in the factory district.

Based on the smell were near the docks and based on the light passing through my blindfold I’m not in the basement. This guy is no slouch but, what he doesn’t know is my count is undoubtedly much higher. 

As he enters the room, throwing open the metal door, I hear a noticeable pep in his step. That and the rattle of a gun at his waist and a weapon in his right hand. Certainly a thrill seeker with no training but, that was pretty apparent with the poor knot tethering my hands and lack of leg restraints.

“Why, hello there friend. Nice of you to come to. I always hated waiting for your bunch to wake up. You know, kidnapping has become a lot easier in this past decade.”

I scoff at his remarks and reply, “True, although I’ve always preferred the kill over petty torture.”

The air thickens and his pep is now noticeably gone. “....What?” 

“What’s the problem, boss? Maybe it’s an unexpected development in your plan but, I’m not who you think I am.” For the past 3 years I’ve been living a more... normal lifestyle with only occasional weekend business trips and even those have slowed down since losing the mother of my son. Lost one of the people that keep my life together, not losing both and neither will he. 

“You see, boss, I have some important... business to attend to later today” (My son’s first baseball game is in 3-4 hours, based off of my best estimates on how long I’ve been out), “and I don’t miss meeting when it’s important business.” 

“Well it appears you don’t have much of a choice now do you dear boy?”

He raises his right hand to strike. 

Unbeknownst to him, I’d already slipped his knot. 

I shoot my hand up to catch his wrist. As I stand up, he releases a slight whimper. *Weakling*. His left hand shoots down to his sidearm. Too slow, I already have it. 

With the tilted just inches up from the holster and pinned just below the lowest bone of his ribcage, I offer some last advice. “Always know your target.”

Without another second of hesitation, I pull the trigger. A bullet tears through his heart, lung and out through his opposite shoulder, likely lodging in the ceiling.
 
Immediately, he drops to the floor, gasping for air as his lung fills with blood which only forces his soon-to-collapse heart to work even harder, he sputters, “Why? ... How? ... How could you be this....”

As I walk towards the doorway, I remind myself, “That’s not who I am anymore, just what I needed to be.” I pull out my cell phone to contact the police. 

“Uhhh hey Officer, I was just uhh kidnapped and, i-I don’t know what happened bu-but I got out and and now he’s dead. What do I do what do I do?!?” 

...

Within seconds I appear as simply a lucky almost victim, forever to hide my past. 

...

Roughly an hour or two later after some *fun* police sorting through, I’m off to my sons game. Probably should change first though.