"What do you mean Titanicus has a bounty on his head?" asked Metropia's once-finest superhero. "Titanicus is the Champion of Man and Protector of this City! Titanicus has done everything possible to..."

Exhausted of his pretentious rating, Jaywalker Jared fired a 50-caliber bullet at Titanicus. As soon as the bullet made contact with his skin, the bullet shattered into inconceivable dust particles.

"Stop that," said Titanicus, waving off the dust cloud near his chest. He continued, "Titanicus has done everything possible to keep Metropia in top condition before his sabbatical. Why would there be a bounty on Titanicus' head? Are you sure this isn't the work of The Speed Demon or Propaganda Amanda?"

Frustrated with the super-dense skull of his adversary, Jaywalker Jared began to explain. "You created your own villains, Titanicus. The only reason that anybody ever committed any crimes was because you ruled this city with an iron fist. Everyone got tired of living under the world's strongest helicopter parent. All of your former 'supervillains' took up decent careers after you left. The Speed Demon sells car parts and Propaganda Amanda is now a *professional* graffiti artist."

"You are lying to Titanicus, Jaywalker Jared!"

"Would you stop referring to yourself in the third-person?! And it's just Jared. You caught me jaywalking in grocery store parking lot and never let me live it down! Calling me Licensed-to-Conceal-Carry Jared or Second Amendment Jared would be much more accurate!"

As the two argued, dozens of Metropia Police Department cars arrived to surround them both.

"Ha ha! They have you now, Jaywalker Jared!" said Titanicus, stretching out his arm only to be met with a handcuffs. "There must be some mistake," said Titanicus. "You are not prosecuting Jaywalker Jared!"

"No, we are not going to prosecute him, Titanicus," said the police officer desperately trying to pull Titanicus' unmoving arm behind his back. "The state has decided to try you for vigilantism, widespread intimidation to other citizens, and an endangerment to the rehabilitation of petty criminals. Citizens were hoping for either excommunication or execution."

Knowing how Metropia felt about him, Titanicus submitted himself to be put in the back of an MPD car. As he looked out of the window, his eyes met with Jaywalker Jared. As much as Titanicus wanted to use his heat vision to melt a hole into the Jaywalker's face, he decided against it.

This whole bounty brainwashing nonsense was likely the work of Propaganda Amanda anyway.