As she reached the ground, she ran over to the young man who was almost to the ground. Her face showed surprise as she realized it was Matthew, the young man she was supposed to marry tomorrow. The surprise quickly turned into anger.

"Excuse me! What do you think you are doing?"

Sophie's voice was not something he was prepared to hear, and his hands made that apparent as they decided to let go of the rope so he could meet the ground sooner than he was expecting.

"What the hell?" Matthew stood up, rubbing his backside, almost as if consoling it. "You couldn't have waited two more seconds for me to get down before making me fall?"

"You didn't answer me," Sophie questioned, trying not to make too much noise as they were both right outside their parents' rooms. "What are you doing?"

"I'm running away. Isn't that pretty obvious? Now look out, I need to get out of here."

Sophie got even angrier. "Why would you run away? You are supposed to be marrying me tomorrow!"

Matthew looked at her in shock. "*You're* Sophie? You're the girl I'm supposed to marry tomorrow?"

Sophie had forgotten that the groom is not allowed to see his bride before marriage, at least once the proposal has been accepted by both fathers. "Well yes, I am Sophie, but you still haven't answered my question. Why are you running from our marriage?"

"Well, I don't really want to get married, that's all."

"WHAT?!" Matthew reached over and covered her mouth. Sophie slapped his hands away as he shushed her.

"Stop being loud! You'll wake our parents."

"How dare you?" she snarled as loud as she could while still maintaining sneakiness. "How could you not want to marry me?"

Matthew's face turned a little red. She was quite pretty, but another thought crept into his head. "Wait... why are you out here?" He looked back towards the other rooms and saw another handmade rope of sheets hanging from another window. "You're running away... from our wedding? You're doing the same thing I am!"

Sophie was caught a little off guard, realizing now that they were doing the same thing. "Well, I also don't want to get married."

"So why the hell are you getting mad at me for doing the same thing?"

Sophie thought for a moment. "You should be happy that you were supposed to marry someone like me." She smiled, thinking he would now feel guilty.

"I should be happy to marry you? I DON'T EVEN KNO-," this time it was Sophie's hand that covered Matthew's mouth.

"Be quiet!" She removed his hand.

"Sorry. But I don't even know you and how am I supposed to know that you're pretty and that I might want to marry you?"

Sophie blushed. "You think I'm pretty?"

Matthew began examining the ground rather intently. "Uh, well yea, I guess. You are pretty, um, pretty."

Sophie began to calm a little more. Maybe Matthew wouldn't be the worst husband to have.

"But that doesn't mean I want to marry you." Matthew looked up and saw Sophie beginning to get a little upset. "Sorry, I don't mean to be mean, but just being pretty doesn't mean I love you."

Sophie still was upset even though is apology made a lot of sense. "So, what do we do know then?"

"Even though we don't want to get married to each other, or at all right now, that doesn't mean we can't help each other out."

Sophie looked up, "What do you mean?"

"Well, we're both running away, why don't we run away together. It'll be a lot easier if we help each other out along the way."

Sophie smiled. Maybe it would have been okay to not try and run away. Maybe this marriage would have worked. "Yea, that does sound like a good idea. Do you know where we should go?"

Matthew looked around. As he tried to figure out which way to go, his mind kept returning to Sophie. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad to stick with the marriage, although she does seem a little hot headed. "Let's try that way. We can always come back if we have to."

"Lead the way."