(I wrote a little bit more but cut it off at a good snippet.)

I’m pretty sure I just saw my Dad. What the fuck? The color drained from my entire body and my skin felt ice cold and dry. I had a Flash, and I saw my Dad starring back at me. They weren’t at a restaurant but they had drinks in their hands. They were definitely beer and they were IPA’s. God, I’m all ready falling for someone like my Dad. My Dad works in cyber security and he wasn’t wearing a suit during my Flash. Dad was wearing an old, out of season polo that he wears around the house. Not the muscle-y shirt polo shirts like the ones he wears with a sweater hugging his chest when he goes to the Country Club or the Strip Club. Well, at least I know my soulmate isn’t a fucking escort. My Dad would still dress up, even if he was trying to be incognito, “on the down low”. Right now, anything feels possible. The car behind us lost it’s patience and honked. A Prius.

“Bitch”

Twyla must have been staring at her phone the whole time it happened. I told her I had a feeling it was coming. Most people who experience this phenomenon are full of shit. Me, I’ve established a pattern. I would go to a Commander and seek religious guidance, but I stopped going to see Commander Stein. Twyla refuses to get her license, for reasons unknown but I suspect she likes to be chauffeured around, even in an old soccer mom SUV. So, we had no choice. I was driving. We had to hope it didn't happen on the arterial roads.

“What did you see? Was he checking his Grindr?”

“No!”

Three more cars honk in unison. The traffic equivalent of nails on a chalkboard.

“Okay fine!” I look back at those pathetically impatient jagweeds.

I put my whole elbow into getting it into drive. The SUV’s in the 90’s had some of their gearshift on the side of the steering wheel and after 18 years, they become either impossible to move, or impossible to get it to stop in the right gear. Maybe some still do, I don’t know. But the one my mom and all her friends got upgraded to have it in the middle.

“But, right now, he could be his drug dealer, an escort, hell even a pimp.”“What? Explain please!”

Twyla kept tossing her phone from hand to hand for a while. She gets fidgety when she hears gossip. Not that this was gossip, but she likes to inject a Hollywood rom-com spin on it. Eats this shit up.

“If he’s having sex with your dad, then he must be making bank though.”

“Ha ha. That’s not the point. I know there’s a million reasons why he could be there, but how long have they known teacher other? Is their relationship recent? Who initiated  contact?”

“Maybe he saw your name just how you saw his name! Maybe he looked you up on Facebook More and more people do that now. It’s not as shameful as it used to be since our generation just loves the puritanical view of the The Flash. I didn’t think you cared if you guys met naturally or ‘cheated’. People are openly breaking the Commandments now. ”

EDIT: Formatting