It started out as a seemingly normal day. I had gone to school, and stayed about an hour in the pc cafe afterschool, and biked home just like any other day. And that is what I thought until I found my room scattered with items. It was as if there was a robber that broke in and was searching for something, but there seemed to be more items in the room than before. I struggled through the mess telling myself that it would be a pain to clean up.
 My foot apparently hit some sort of object like a lamp and then there was a genie that popped out. A genie. I stood there. How is there a genie? Why is there a genie? What do I do now? “Hey, I’m your new genie, so ask away with your wishes,” the genie said as he floated around my room. My jaw just would not move and I couldn’t get my words out. “Hmm seems like your jaw’s broken. Want me to fix that?” it said as it flew around me as if it was a fun game for him.
“Uh, no...no yeah why are you here?” I asked. 
“Do you wish for me to tell you?”
“No, I don’t wish that. I just want you to tell me.”
“Ok well if you were listening, I'm here to grant your wishes. A maximum of three wishes from me"
“So are you going to twist my wishes so they end up being something bad for me in the end?”
“No, why would I do that?”
“Well, usually you guys are like that…”
“Well anyways back to your wishes,” He glances at my bookshelf. “It seems like you are awfully interested in languages”
“Well, yeah, I guess. I just think that the world could be so much more connected with being able to speak with people from all around the world.”
“Yeah? So how many languages do you know?”
“Well, I’m only fluent in five right now.”
“Wow. That’s so little”
“...” How could he? I worked so hard just to be able to speak those 5 and he thinks it is so little. 
“Fine,” I huffed, ”I wish to understand all of the languages there is”
The genie smirked. “Your wish is my command”
*flash*
中文，français,日本語, Nederlands, Português, Romani, and more and more. Until I saw a language with just 0s and 1s.
“What is this?” I asked the Genie
“Ah… It is your language. It is the language that operates your universe and my universe and everyone in here’s universe.”
