"Up here, cuz."

For all the chains dangling around his neck, Hendrix Puller kept as silent as the dead. His sneakers barely clearing the pavement as he and four other hooded figures on broomsticks pulled up outside a motel with the name _Reece's Retreat_ offensively lighting their faces in a neon glow. Hendrix reached deftly into a sleeve and produced a Zippo lighter and cigarette. All at once, his thumb flicked a flame to life whilst the glow from the neon sign and all of the surrounding lamp posts went out. Nate drew in deeply as the Zippo lid flicked close, then all five of the men dismounted their broomsticks. 

Inside, three more men and a woman were at a dimly lit poker table counting gold galleons from a school bag. 
"There's gotta be more than a thousand chips in this bag." exclaimed the first man, his eyes wide from a mixture of surprise, confusion and the half smoked Mandrake Mix joint hanging from his mouth. "What sort of kid rolls around with a grand in his backpack?"

"Who the fuck cares?" replied the second man, turning to the women who had just reached for her own smoking papers. "My baby did good. Real good. That boy didn't even see me coming." He leaned across and kissed her deeply before turning back to count the pile of gold coins in front of him. 

"All I'm saying is that I want this counted and cut up quickly. I don't know who would give someone so young so much money, but I ain't interested in sticking around this neighbourhood to find out."

The last, bigger man put a hand on the nervous one's shoulder. "It don't matter who this used to belong to. It's ours now, you understand?"

Outside, Hendrix took his cigarette and flicked it at the window of the motel room. As it soared across the dark and empty space of night, all five men drew their wands from their robes and aimed inside the room. 

"For Zeke." Hendrix said it as much to himself as the others, all intently watching as the smoke hit the window ember first and the man to his right spoke clearly: _"Incendio!"_

Instead of a few straggled sparks of dying cigarette ash, the window to the room exploded behind a wall of fire that sent the shards flying straight at its occupants. The first man stood and turned to see the commotion and was immediately impaled by a handful of large glass projectiles. The remaining three took that split second to jump out of the path of the glass and fire, diving in the direction of each of their wands. 

The big man barely reached his as Hendrix and his four accomplices fired deadly streams of green towards them: _"Avada kedavra!"_ Instead of gripping his wand, the big man slumped on top of it, his lifeless body pale and scorched by magic. The couple were more fortunate, hitting the motel bed and taking shelter behind it. The woman reached up and snatched both of their wands from where they'd fallen to and soon had conjured a smoke screen to hide them from view. 

"The door!" shouted one of Hendrix's men, moving in a sweeping motion to the room's only exit. His hood had fallen and yet the half moon's light only cast more shadows under the peak of his cap. His chubby but sure knuckles were adorned in gold rings, gripped tightly around his dark wand. Hendrix moved beside him as the other three men continued to blast the room with spells from the window. 

_"Confringo!"_ came a muffled sound from behind the motel room door as it burst from its hinges and tore towards the two men covering it. The man with the rings flicked his wrist and spat _"Ascendare!"_, sending the broken door barrelling into the air. Hendrix stepped in front of him and raised his wand: _"Expelliarmus!"_ From the smoke of the doorway, two wands flew into the air above him as the man and woman charging through stumbled and crashed into a heap on the ground.

Soon, all five men had them surrounded in darkened carpark of _Reece's Retreat_, both the man and woman barely able to see their faces under their hoods. The woman coughed from the smoke of the scene that had begun to settle around them all. 

"Please.. Take the galleons.. Just let us go."

Her words were cut short as a jeweled fist swung through the air and caught her mouth. Barely a whimper registered from her as her head darted straight into the concrete, her limbs splaying out like a ragdoll under her unconscious body. 

"The fuck, man! She's just.."

Hendrix's man swung again, gold rings cracking the side of the kneeling man's head as he pleaded for his girlfriend's life. 

"Fuck the galleons, you took a fuckin' life for that gold." The man adjusted the rings on his knuckles as he stepped back to admire his handy work. Blood from a cut and busted eye socket was now trailing the kneeling mans face as he shook himself back to some semblance of consciousness, then searched his captors for someone else to plead to.

"It wasn't me, man.. She did it. She tricked the boy into following her. I didn't even kill him! You got Big Poe inside already.. He cast the spell!"

Hendrix had heard enough. They hadn't flown to the motel that night for an apology. They had flown for blood. He kicked out at the man who had tried to crawl in a last ditch effort to safe his own life, sending him reeling. Hendrix took four steps back, and his four accomplices followed. 

"Fuckin' smoke 'em." he told the men, as they all raised wands and uttered a guttural _"Avada Kedavra!"_ in unison. After the brightest flash of green, two bodies lay pale and lifeless in the moonlit carpark as Hendrix lit another cigarette. 

"I hope you fucking burn in hell, too." spat one of the men, kicking the lifeless man in the head before following Hendrix and the rest in mounting their broomsticks. 

"Let's bail," came the command from one of the men as the four kicked the ground and soared into the cold night air. Hendrix lingered, still fighting the rage inside him as he looked over the scene he was about to leave behind. That small second's hesitation would prove reckless, as his moment of reflection was interrupted by a loud pop and a burst of smoke. No sooner had Hendrix turned to see the first Auror blink into existence, nine more began bursting into view around him completely. 

_"Manete!"_ shouted the first, a stream of energy aimed at Hendrix's broomstick sent it flying out from under him and he barely had enough time to roll with the force and jump back up before all ten Auror's fixed their wands on him. 

Above, Hendrix's men made a fierce u-turn towards the noise. As they all prepared to race down to his defence, the ringed man stretched out his arms and motioned them to halt. 

"Now y'all gon' see some shit." 

Hendrix stood in between the Aurors, his wand in hand. 

"Put down your wand, and remove your hood!" came the command from the head Auror. Hendrix's eyes scanned the group, noticing all of them kept their wand wrists tense. _None of them are wordcasters_ he thought as he let his wand fall to the floor. As the wood tapped the concrete, Hendrix drew his robe from his body in a flash, revealing a body adorned neck to waist of gang tattoos and a chest heavy with diamond chains. 

No sooner had the robe fallen in a heap on the floor, Hendrix began rhyming. Bar after bar, faster than any of the Wizards of authority to wave a wand. He would spit the word bars and steel guards from a window would fly through one Auror, then he'd rhyme it with tar and another would become engulfed in a conjured pool of it under their feet. One by one, each of them fell to his wordcasting, none of them able to fire spells off faster than he could spit them. 

From above, his accomplices watched in wonder as this beast of a wizard bodied Aurors like they were grocery items. A man, that had only just lost his little brother no more than a few hours earlier, who was now channeling all the rage one man could stand into clever bars and dangerous spells. When the last Auror fell to the last bar, the men flew down to meet him. Hendrix collected his robe and wand, then mounted his own broomstick. 

"Fuck me, that wordcasting was unreal. Who taught you to spit bars like that?"

"Yeezy taught me." came Hendrix's reply. 