"Hey kids, you got fifty bucks?" Dennis asked the three teenagers giggling softly on the street corner. 

He saw them hanging around often enough, always tripping out of their minds. Perhaps they were high enough to give him more than usual, tonight.

"Fifty points to Gryffindor! You hear that?" the boy with the unkempt black hair yelled. "We won the House Cup, Ron! Dumbledore said so!" 

"Yes, yes, well done. And it's Dennis, remember?" he said, but the kids didn't listen. The girl with the bushy hair just shoved a bill in his hand, weeping with joy as she did so. 

Dennis grinned to himself - he'd long since learned that playing along with whatever they were babbling about paid off handsomely. 

Suddenly, the girl rose unsteadily to her feet and pointed down the street.

"Look at that, Harry! What are those dementors doing?"

A couple of policemen were crowded around a man waving a knife, in the midst of what looked like a robbery gone wrong. One of them suddenly tackled the man to the ground. Dennis shook his head to himself: the Hogwarn neighbourhood really was such a dodgy area. He often wondered how these kids had wound up here in the first place.

"Right, I'm going over there," Harry said, getting to his feet and promptly falling over on top of the red-headed boy, who yelped with pain. 

"You stay in the hospital wing, Ron, you're not well," the girl said, tugging Harry's hand and helping him up. They stumbled along down the street as the red-headed boy passed out. 

Dennis followed quietly: they were really far gone tonight. Part of him was concerned - he'd grown fond of the delinquent little assholes, despite them never remembering his name. Another part knew there was probably more money in it for him, tonight, if he followed them.

The cops looked agitated - the man with the knife was now slumped on the ground.

"He's passed out. Is he faking? What the hell's going on?" one demanded.

"I don't know, maybe something happened when he hit the ground. I'm performing CPR to be safe, but the bastard might be faking it," another grunted, and crouched down, looping his hand around the back of the man's head and leaning down.

"Noooo, stoppit, don't take his soul. Espeto Patroni...no, that's not right...expect a patronising...what is it again, Hermione?" Harry moaned, stumbling forward and tripping over his feet.

"What are you doing?" a detective snapped, trying to push the boy away. "Get lost, kid. This is serious!"

"Sirius!" Harry wept, as the girl gave a soft scream and clapped her hands to her mouth.

Dennis grabbed hold of them both and led them away, muttering a half-hearted excuse to the red-faced detective. 

They both looked so miserable he felt a little sorry for them. He sighed at his own generosity but dug in his coat pocket and produced the grimy fifty-dollar bill he'd taken off them earlier.

"Here. Take this for uhm...bravery. Fifty points, right?" he said, shoving it at the boy. "Go buy a bus ticket home, kids. Your parents must be worried."

"Merlin's beard, Dumbledore, his parents are *dead*, you should know that," Hermione whispered, rubbing at her bloodshot eyes and looking deeply disappointed in him as the boy wept harder.

For some reason, he felt guilty at that. Perhaps he should make an effort to understand better. Besides, they looked like they were having fun, waving those little sticks in their hands like they were powerful weapons. It must be pretty good weed. 

"What are you kids taking, anyway?" he asked.

The girl looked surprised and turned out her pockets. Out fell many little sacks of pale-brown powder.

"*Chocolate,*" she winked at him, trying to tap her nose and failing. "For the dementors, you know.."

Dennis felt his mouth go dry. Holy hell. He'd assumed weed: just think of the money he could score from all that. His earlier good intentions to befriend the kids evaporated.

He grabbed the product from the girl's hands. "Great. Great, I'll go uhm...use it against them, shall I?"

"Of course," Hermione nodded affably. "That's a good idea. You're a great wizard, Dumbledore."

He sprinted away, leaving the two teenagers swaying in the road. He seemed to be running in the opposite direction as the dementors, but that was alright. Dumbledore would never fail them.

"Great man, Dumbledore," Harry muttered, drooping against Hermione. "Let's go...wake Ron. Where's Ron?"

They turned to see a single dementor closing in on Ron, who was gesturing wildly in the night. He seemed to be clutching a rat he'd caught to his chest. They could faintly hear him yelling 'Scabbers! You're alive!'. 

"We should...hurry..." Harry muttered, feeling incredibly tired suddenly. "That thing could suck out his soul."

"Don't be silly, Harry, Ron is perfectly safe," Hermione said, leaning forward to whisper in his ear. "He's a ginger, you know."

They blinked at one another and then burst into peals of laughter, drawing the astonished gazes of the people hurrying by. You rarely heard laughter in Hogwarn, or saw kids roaming around after daylight, for that matter. It was a pretty crazy place.

---------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.

**edit**: Oh, you guys, you gave me gold! That's awesome, thanks :D 