I was born in Washington State and always had this sort of fascination with capturing the Pacific Ocean during the winter.  The waters seemed to change with the seasons, regardless of whether the water froze over or not.  The color, the size of the waves, and even the smell always had this ability to transfix both my eyes and my lens on their beauty.

Vladivostok was a different beast.  Photography was a surprisingly tough gig, and contrary to the belief of every teenage girl with an iPhone, not just anybody could be successful with it.   I always had to be pursuing a new shot, a new angle, and a new scenic vista in the hopes that I could get some local magazine or online publisher to recognize my work and license it for their use.  The Russian winter, something that was infamous for ending the careers of some of history's most famous (and infamous) individuals, was to be my muse and the savior of my livelihood.

This isn't to say that I was having fun.  The fishing village I was staying in only had a handful of people in it.  The bar that kept my body and heart warm only had me, the tender, and a rather hostile looking man in his late twenties who was scribbling away at a drawing pad.

After a few minutes of tense silence, the man seized up and slowly turned his head towards me, as if he was a doe who had just heard the cracking of a branch in the distance.  His eyes locked with mine, before slowly looking up and down my body, as if analyzing every feature of mine.

After a few moments of the now even more awkward silence, the man bit the tip of his drawing pencil, pointed to my hip, and finally spoke.

"Do you know what an artist and a sniper have in common?"

I froze up at the mention of a sniper, but felt calmed as I realized that my fellow bar patron was simply gesturing at the camera case on my hip.  

“I am afraid I do not” I replied, my right hand slowly moving down towards the case on my hip, as if to ensure that it was still there.

I almost thought I saw the other patron tense up as I moved my hand to my side, but he quickly redirected his attention back to a small condensation-dampened napkin that he had been drawing on before spitting the word “details” out of his mouth.  No eye contact was made.

I nervously fondled my drink, and was about to ask him to elaborate before he began a monologue.

“Like when a touch of color is out of place. When a shadow does not match its surroundings –“

I felt the need to interrupt.

“Or when your shutter speed isn’t fast enough and you get a blurry image?”

The man gave me an incredulous, almost offended look and let out a sigh, shortly followed by a seemingly forced “Da”.  

A few minutes passed in notable silence as both he and I nursed our drinks, and the bartender cleaned some glasses.  When the patron finished his beverage, he held the empty glass up to the dim light in the bar.  Within the glass was a single cube of ice that seemed to reflect the light rather well.

“Or when a shape is not where it is supposed to be…” the man muttered.
That line sent a chill up my spine as I realized what the man was getting at.  He, like me, was an individual trapped in this land, a man who did not really belong in such a place.  A place whose beautiful snowscapes and forests seemed to blend together into a void.  A place without details. He and I were both shapes that were not where they were supposed to be.  

I smiled at the man and said the last thing I said that night besides my brief thanks to the bartender: “I think I understand now.”

The other patron didn’t react at all to my statement besides looking me in the eyes and saying “The only difference are the stakes, mine are higher”.  

As I broke eye contact with the man, I felt a shiver run up my spine.  A door had opened.  Not metaphorical, but literally.  Three men stepped into the bar, and through the reflection of my glass I watched them approach the other patron.  They all shared his empty stature, but retained his imposing nature.  One’s eyes seemed to dart around like an alert hunter, while the another’s seemed devoid of life, empathy, or even innocence.  The third had his face covered with a grand helmet, and all that I could recollect from him was this feeling that I was standing in the presence of men who were far above me.  A lord, or even a god.  

Without conversation the other patron left, followed by those men.  They seemed to be the place where his shape fit in, not in this bar with me.  They were clearly more seasoned, veteran photographers, while I was just a young man whose desire for adventure had yet to leave him.  Only my rationality and reason had.

As I sat on the plane out of Hong Kong I looked through what few pictures I had taken during that trip.  Most were of the plains, the stormy seas, or the weathered shacks of the town.  One stood out in particular.  The image was shot in the early morning, and was just one of the probably seventy or so ones I had taken of the ocean at 6 AM.  The difference was that in the difference, a small orange light seemed out of place, with an even smaller crescent shape eclipsing the light that sat on the horizon.  It was sunrise, not in that it was a dawn that had come but one that was still coming.  Opportunity.

I quickly attached that picture to an email targeted at some editors I had met during my time, asking for opinions, casting out my line to see if I could get a catch with this experimental bait.  One editor, Craig, responded with words that would change my life forever.

“Sent to the team, thanks.”

---

This was my first writing prompt post to here don't H8 :)

[ - ]7
