I shiver. It's late fall, and you can really feel winter starting to creep into the air. I pull my jacket tighter around my torso and pick up the pace, a fine mist billowing out of my mouth from the chill. A thin wiry woman who's dragging her shuddering kid behind her passes, giving me a disgusted look as she does so. Then she turns to her kid and loudly states "Jennifer, never take up smoking. It will give you and everyone around you cancer, so even if you hate yourself, don't kill others too." I can almost feel her eyes piercing through my beanie, and I let out an exasperated huff. "I wasn't even smoking this time," I mutter to myself. 

I turn the corner onto my street and I'm met with the same billboard that's been up there for weeks: it's me, cigarette in hand, and poorly photoshopped to show the "effects" of smoking, although I don't think I've experienced any signs of ichthyosis yet. As if my face being plastered up for everyone to shame wasn't enough, it seems some of the local teens have taken it upon themselves to transform the cigarette into a penis using spray paint. Classy. I just hurry on, I'm practically immune to their propaganda after so many years of it.

I get home in time for Jeopardy. I curl up on the sofa with a soda and a cigarette just as the host introduces the contestants. I light the cigarette and inhale deeply, relishing the way it feels in my lungs. Then I slowly puff out the smoke and read the first answer through the haze. I never know the questions, but I like to pretend I have a chance anyways. The second contestant gets the daily double answer, but before he bets any money, the screen cuts to static. I wait a few seconds to see if it clears, but just as I'm about to get up to mess with the antenna, it jumps to a different scene. I feel the blood drain out of my face as the cigarette falls out of my mouth.

It's my mother. She's tied to a chair with thick, rough rope. Her face bruised and cut, and her jaw is so swollen that I can barely understand her when she speaks. "Honey, please stop," she sobs out. I feel my heart break. I know this is about my smoking habit, I know I did this to her. She's hyperventilating, and her eyes keep glancing to the left like someone's there. "Please," she pleads again, louder this time. I see a shadow cross over the screen and she leans towards the screen frantically. "They said they'll start taking off fingers soon, THE GOVERNMENT, THEY-" the static interrupts her, and suddenly, it's back to Jeopardy, as if nothing happened.

