Holly sat at the table across from the man she met from the dateing website. She watched as he sat there and droned on and on about his job and the money he made and blah blah blah...

Inside her mind there was only one thing watching. It was a dark creature that didn't seem to have a real shape or form. It didn't have a real face at all, just a odd looking mask of a large toothy grin. It was always there inside her, even as a child this formless thing was at the controls. It know how to mimic the emotions of others. When they smile "it" would smile. When they cried "it" would cry.

And when it sat across a egotistical idiot who only wanted to talk about themselves it knew to sit and smile.

For years it was the only thing controlling her. Until recently when the "other one" showed up. It didn't mind though, the other one would only take over when things were boring...

"NO FACE!" it said gleefully as it punched up commands on the mental console. Holly's imangation went to work and soon the new "video" came on the screen:

Ego jerkwad's face was peeled off and laying on the plate before him. His face muscles exposed as he was now permently giving her a skull grin since his lips were gone. 

It clapped happly.

"HOW TO FUN?" It seemed to ask it's self as it got out of the chair and pulled up one of the black orbs that made up Holly's memories. It pushed the orb into the viewing machine. 

The screen now showed the fun Holly had the week before. She met a black man from adult friend finder who seemed content to keep sending her dick pics and graphic messages about breaking her "tight white cunt" with some "n-word" dick. 

That man was on the screen, naked and on his knees, his face and body beaten and cut up as he was crying, looking up at her.

"Please lady... please dont do this! I'm sorry... I wont tell anyone... please..." he begged.

Holly raised a blow torch up to view and worked on lighting it.

"Awww but I want fun!" she mocked, lighting the flame as she started to burn away the black man's flesh.

"NO FLAME, SOMETHING ELSE!" It said, plugging in other black orbs, making notes at to what she used...

= = =

The man reached over and touched Holly's hand.

"I have to say, you are a stunning creature and I hope we can have some more... private fun?" he said, trying to sound slick and charming. Holly sat there, her eyes moving towards his hand.

= = =

An alarm went off in her control room. "It" looked shocked, turning off the replay of when she was useing a belt sander to grind off a man's face to see what was happening. 

"HUMAN CONTACT! ICK!" it said as it seemed to not know what to do. It stopped and looked towards the main shelf of memories. Almost all but one orb was pitch black, every one a memory of a kill. 

The one stand out orb was a beautiful mix of color, mixing into a beautiful rose tint. The creature carefully picked the orb up and lovingly placed it into the viewer. 

The screen changed from the idiot touching Holly's hand to a memory of being with someone she cared about. She was a beautiful woman with long black hair and a smile that made you believe everything was right with the world. She reached over, caressing Holly's face.

"I love you Holly" The woman said with a moan.

"I love you too Stephanie..." Holly said, meaning it for the first time in her life. 

Stephanie smiled, standing up and removing her bathrobe, show Holly her naked body.

"Mmm prove it!" she growled playfully, running towards the bedroom...

= = =

Holly moaned, smiling at the man.

"My place is near by..." she said to him.

= = =

Three hours later Holly was naked in her playroom, smiling at the corpse of the man she was on a date with. She decided to use acid and other household cleaners on the man. The man's face melted away showing bone and blood, one eye looking up at the celling as his dead head tilted back.

"It" happly admired it's work. It already knew how to get rid of the body but it just wanted to watch it sit there.

"Holly, you home?" a voice called out. Foot steps was heard walking down the hall towards the door to her play room. Holly remained silent as the door opened.

"Hey hun I'm..." Stephanie said as she stopped in her tracks, seeing the dead man and seeing her wife on the other side of the room.

= = =

Before "it" could react the sound of high heels walking on a hard surface filled the control room. The "other" was here!

= = =

Stephanie looked at Holly... a slow sexy smile came across her face.

= = =

The "other" placed her hand on "it's" shoulder. She leaned in and whispered.

"I got it from here..."

= = =

Stephanie walked up to her lover, slowly unbuttoning her blouse.

"My naughty little girl, having fun with out me!" the black haired woman moaned.

Holly gave Stephanie a lustful smile.

= = =

Lust leaned back in the control chair, rubbing herself with one hand as she worked the controls with the other.

"Fuck her in the room with the dead man!" she commanded. 

"It" walked up behind lust, moving it's "hands" on her body. Lust giggled, looking up at the masked creature.

"Decided to help out?" she teased.