Getting inside wasn't a problem. The crowded city streets reminded her somehow of her home in Mobile, where life had long forgotten the state of Alabama and all that remained was graffiti and kudzu, spiraling up through buildings in defiance of conventional biology or conventional architecture.

The problem came when she hit the house her man was staying in.

The bullet whizzed by that took off the skin of her cheek, a burning line that wept blood pooling down her neck and into the cleft of her collar, like a soup can, she didn't get out of the way of.

But she'd been responsible for apprehending some of the worst in her time, as murder had long since been seen as a tool of the weak, so she managed to pull out of the way of the second one, her muscles singing the sweet symphony that she remembered from her first days on the field in conquered california, deployed to handle the rioters.

Murder had long since faded from the tools of the government, but here, miniaturized for the world to see, they could peer down at her and see the line of blood marking her as being the equal of the man standing in front of her.

She recognized him immediately.

"Well, well, well. They sent their best after me after all," her teacher said, casually flicking another round into the back of his gun like one threw chewing gum into their mouths.

Miranda moved and hurtled through the space in front of them,  and the gun turned to face her. She pivoted, dancing out of the way as an explosion, raw and powerful, propelled chunks of shaped lead at the floor beneath of her feet.

"Give up," Miranda said, putting distance between the two of them. She couldn't strike him. Not when he still had.

He raised an eyebrow and one armed the gun in her direction, then reached into his pocket and pulled out a bottle. He set it down on the table next to him. "You finally figured out that I took it, did you?"

Prison one stared back at her, a tiny miniature inside of another tiny miniature. Revealing Mobile, with it's port and tiny citizenry. Another mockery of her home. Did it too contain a tiny California that she could never escape?

"You're under arrest for the endangerment and kidnapping of twenty thousand prisoners," She said, flatly.

"They've sent you here to kill me," He returned, just as flat. "Sure we can't share a beer instead?" His grin slit across his face like a knife.

"After all, who doesn't love a good show?"
------

More like this can be found at https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/
Comment and upvote if you approve and want me to keep writing, friends!