Shortening and sugar, a bit of vanilla, and Lacy wouldn’t even know the difference between this and store-bought. *Thank God grocery store icing is such crap*, Jessie thought to herself. *I don’t know how I’ll keep up once she’s older and gets a taste of proper buttercream*. In Jessie’s mind, developing a taste for buttercream was inevitable, like puberty, death, and taxes.

Mahler played on the classical station, just busy enough to keep her energy up, but with no lyrics to distract her. Jessie had gotten her taste for symphonies from her dad. Unfortunately, she hadn’t inherited any of his musical talent. She hummed tunelessly along with the strings while she pulled out a bottle of coloring.

She mixed up a batch of deep navy blue, and a smaller one just tinted slightly, like a pale winter sky. She piped the snowflake freehand, but with precise geometric designs, all lines and dots and trapezoids. Five sides, although she knew perfectly well that real snowflakes had six; one arm for each year of Lacy’s young life. She was so focused on keeping her hands steady and her angles consistent that she didn’t notice anything wrong until she was startled by the scent of burning sugar. She looked up from her work and saw him standing there.

He was a glittering periwinkle that paled to silver in places and stood ten inches high on the kitchen table. His eyes were faintly amber, and his head was devoid of hair. But most noteworthy was the expression of utmost disdain on his face. “You must think you’re very clever, then. Some sort of scholar, I suppose. Well, get on with your questions, I don’t have all night.”

“Who are you?” the question popped out of Jessie’s mouth before she could stop to think about whether it was wise.

He rolled his eyes. “Is this some stupid idea of a test? It’s Sugarplum.”

“Like the *fairy?*”

“Does this look like a damn Christmas ballet, woman? Demon, devil, noble of the under-realm, whatever. But you don’t have to be insulting.”

“Why are you in my kitchen?”

“Gee, I don’t know! It couldn’t *possibly* be because here you are writing a summoning star in sugar, coal tar, and oil and chanting a binding melody at the same time, could it? Were you expecting someone bigger? Because you’d need a lot more coal and an additional blood offering for my older brother, which you would know if you were halfway competent. Therefore, there are two possible answers to your question. Either I’m here because you’re curious and you wanted me to be, or I’m here because you’re a complete and utter ignoramus messing around with magics you don’t even come close to understanding. So do what you came for and send me home. I haven’t been summoned in a couple of centuries, and I was getting to like it that way!”

Jessie sat down on her kitchen stool and rubbed her eyes. Sugarplum sighed melodramatically. Was he dangerous? Would he try to harm her, or worse, Lacy? Everything she said seemed to anger him further. 

She gestured to her piping. “What … what do you think about this?”

Sugarplum leaned over her work. “Huh. Unconventional technique. The coal tar has a colorant added to it so you can be assured of an even application, which is risky, but seems to have worked out all right. And the use of a solid fat with the sugar instead of a liquid gives you a more precise application. Protects against spills, I suppose. Smart. Humans are always knocking stuff over. You used that to apply it?” 

He gestured to the piping tube, and Jessie nodded. “Clever little device. It’s not bad, honestly. What’s the point of the wheaten base, though?”

Jessie took a deep breath. “It’s a cake,” she said.

Sugarplum’s voice dropped nearly an octave. “A cake.”

Jessie nodded again.

“For … eating.”

“That was the plan.”

“And the binding melody?”

“Mahler’s fifth,” she confessed, gesturing to the radio.

“It is *not,*” Sugarplum spat.

“Well I can’t help that I’m tone deaf. It seemed close enough to me.”

“Which means that you didn’t intend for me to be here.”

“No, I didn’t.”

“And you don’t know how to send me back.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Well, welcome to your apprenticeship. You’re going to be very busy learning as much magic as I can stuff into your pathetic human brain until you have the ability to do this thing on purpose. For start—”

The front door slammed, and a bus accelerated somewhere outside.

“Mom! I’m home!”
