**SPY vs. SPY vs. SPIES**

*BASED ON A MOVIE I'VE NEVER SEEN (AND WITH APOLOGIES TO ANGELINA JOLIE):*


The man sat shackled to the stainless steel interrogation room chair, looking at his hands. His long, grey hair and beard suggested old age, but perhaps he had just lived a hard life. The interrogator entered. She threw a thick file down on the table, just out of the man's reach

"Okay, run this all by me again."

"My name is Mikhail Denisovitch. I was a high-ranking agent in the FSB. I have left Mother Russia and come here at great personal risk to deliver a warning to you Americans. There is an ISIS spy within your ranks. Her name is Pepper."

"That's not possible. My name is Pepper."

"Then you are an ISIS spy."

"Also, my supervisor's name is Pepper."

"Then your supervisor is an ISIS spy."

"Also, the deputy director for signals intelligence is named Pepper."

"Then they are an ISIS spy."

At this, the interrogator opened the man's file, and showed the first page to the defector.

"It says here that your codename is Pepper, too."

"Then I am an ISIS spy."

Those watching the interrogation remotely dimly imagined that at this point Oprah Winfrey might burst into the interrogation room, audience in tow, yelling, "And you're an ISIS spy! And you're an ISIS spy! And so are you! And you! And you all get Pontiacs!!!" What actually happened was more prosaic.

The duty phone on the wall rang. It was the profiler whom Pepper had spoken with earlier.

"We ran his fingerprints, and it's not him. It turns out that our FSB agent has an identical twin brother. Sources confirm that Asset Pepper is still in Moscow. And still working for us."

"Good. I was worried that something had gone wrong in a big way," Pepper whispered. "What should I do with this guy?"

"He should probably have a psych eval, but that's not our department. Cut him loose. Tell him we don't want to hear from him again."

"Sounds good to me. Thanks."

"No problem. Say hi to your cousins for me, won't you, Pepper?"

"Sure." She hung up, and turned to the prisoner. "You're free to go, once I get these shackles off. You can pick up your belongings on the way out. They'll give you a meal voucher and a $5 metro card too. Do not make the mistake of coming back."

The Russian slowly shook his head. "It is you Americans who are making the mistake. Very well, though."

----

That evening, Agent Pepper met with her supervisor and the deputy director of national intelligence at a secure location.

"Hey cousins! Did you hear about the kerfuffle today?"

Her supervisor laughed, "Did we ever! To think that a hoaxer nearly compromised a decade of work..." She shook her head.

Deputy DNI Pepper looked more somber. "We've got to worry more about operational security more than we have been. Are the attack plans on schedule?"

Agent Pepper nodded, "Absolutely."

"Good. Once we hit some of ISIS's least useful assets, that should clear up any questions about our allegiances. I'll warn our brethren so they can avoid casualties. Once that's done, we can turn to our own plans against the infidels."

----

Sitting at the back of a metro car that same evening, Mikhail Denisovitch smiled. *The Americans were so foolish! Sending a compromised asset to interrogate him--would wonders never cease?* 

*Not only that, but he had also succeeded in bugging large portions of the building on his way to interrogation. Soon they would have proof that his traitorous twin was a double-agent. For now, though, he would sample American food at McDonald's, courtesy of the CIA. They could worry about their ISIS problem without his country's help.*





