"Terms first, then.  And the details of my payment."


"You're joking."


"You're in no position to argue."


"I'm the Goddamned Devil!"


"You mentioned."


The shadowy figure ground his teeth and seemed to hesitate, but only for a moment.  "*Fine*," it said.


"Consent to do as I say in this.  Before I say it."


"...Very well."


"And half the souls in Hell, payable on the reattainment of your authority there.  My pick, of course.  I'll have plenty of time to sort through them."


The devil blinked.  "You're insane."


The other smiled coldly.  "Mine likely included, of course.  Following this conversation at the very least.  I might just give them back to you anyway.  Or sell them back to you.  I haven't decided yet."


"And that's it?  Those are your terms?"


The other nodded.


"I accept," hissed the wavering shadow with the barest hint of a smile.  "Tell me."


The other smiled to match, just as fleeting and empty of joy.  "Wait it out."


"**WHAT!?**" came the reply, answered immediately with a short nod.


"Your willful ambition lost you sanctuary in Heaven - I'm not concerned with the details - but humanity has you beat on both sides of the coin.  So wait.  Do not interfere.  Let it play out."


The Devil was silent.


"They won't be satisfied with such a small kingdom.  Earthly motivations are no longer a concern to them, yes?  Just the lusting for power and conquest.  Am I correct?"


"You are," came the hushed reply.


"Heaven is likewise unappealing.  They won't repeat your folly.  In time, they'll return to the earth to slake their thirst for meaningful war.  Many will follow them, some will not.  Only then will you return to the pit and take back the reins of power."


The devil stared, mutely, and the shadow of the twice-fallen angel began to bleed away into the nothing.  "I don't understand."


The other smiled again, a genuine smile this time.  Less warm and mirthful than the barb cast before.
"You don't need to.  Bide your time, return to your ruin, change the locks while they're away.  Metaphorically speaking of course."


"But if you're correct, then what of Earth?"


A shrug.  "What of it?  Mankind will triumph or not.  It won't matter to me."


The shade seemed to blink - fabled silver tongue lost for words, the apparition paused in its dissolution.  The other simply watched.  Seconds or centuries were lost to the shared silence between them, and then - seeming satisfied, or something close to it - the shadow resumed its slinking retreat back into the gray mists hanging eternally between life and death; a moment more and it was gone.  A soft whisper, tinged ever-so-faintly with the ghost of triumph, followed it close at heel.


"And if they are gone, but Hell has no king.  Where will you be then, damned little soul?"


Henry Kissinger smiled once more into the darkening abyss that would not again answer him.  The gray faded to a swirling black, an evil reddish glow beginning to well up from somewhere at once infinitely distant and pressingly close within it.


"A democracy, I suppose."