"I say we give up, pure and simple. Walk out and be like... Hey, we fucked up. We know that but we're really really sorry." Jeoff had his hands in his hands sitting in a makeshift throne of haybales. He looked like a king of beggars from where I was standing. "That's my plan."

"That's it? That's the best you can come up with, I'm sorry?" Chantelle threw a heel at him from across the barn, almost taking his head clean off.

"Well what else can we do? The more it goes on the more shit gets further out of hand. Every told a lie to cover up a lie? Soon you find you have to tally them up to remember what you've lied about. That is this right here, thanks to Miss fucking sunshine over there!" I felt him nod in my direction. Scowling as I sifted through the hay on the floor above.

"Doesn't matter who's fault it is or who did what, what's done is done." I said. All my searching fruitless. I decended the ladder to their level.

"See that sounds like a you problem not me, why am I in this now?" Joeff complained, icking up the heel and throwing it my direction. It just missed my head and clanged against the ladder, I turned to return his scowl before Manny interrupted from the door. 

Manny was lookout, pressing his face between the cracks of the barn to the land outside.

"Another van! There's another van approaching behind the sherriff's car. I can't tell if its riot squad or..." He trailed off. "Oh crap. Oh crap oh crap oh crap." He looked around with a deep dismay. "Some guys in army pants."

"No, fuck that!" Jeoff dropped from his throne and walked to the door. I stood before him halting his stride.

"Where are you going? We stay until we find the 7 of Clubs." I said, pressing the shotgun's frame into his chest. He was bigger than me, heavy for an accountant and would easily knock me over.

"You can stay to play sollitare dollface, but when they bring out the fucking army thats when I take off my white tighties and surrender. Capiche?" He pushed more. "Y'all can come with."

"Get back Jeoff." I warned but he pushed evenmore. "No one said it was the army, you think anyone who wears camoflauge pants is a soldier?"

"Actually no. Anyone who wears camoflauge anything is a crazy motherfucker and I'm sorry but I have Mr Mittens to feed at home so, get out of my way." He pushed again almost knocking my balance. I gave a swift slap with the butt of the shotgun across his face spitting blood as he drew back. I pointed the barrel in his direction and cocked.

"No one leaves until we find what we are looking for. I don't know why we need the 7 of Clubs but lets admit, the events of today have been more or less fucked all day!" He looked at me with a careful thought. I could see he knew I would not shoot him but I would also not let him leave. "We had to steal a chimp from a man named Burt, we are in this barn being cornered by god knows who out there, I am stinking of animal shit in a barn looking for a card and I have no idea why but I *know* this is how we are going to end this crazy, fucked up day! And you are ALL in here with me!"

They all exchanged looks of exhaustion. Summed up like this, it was a long day for any of them compared to their boring office life.

"That's true. I did punch that nun." Chantelle squeezed her hands together, deeply guilty. "Assault on a nun is not a glamourous crime to be convicted of. Not exactly Orange is the New Black, is it?"

"Wont she just forgive you and drop the charges?" Manny said from across the daunting quiet.

I lowered the barrel away from Jeoff.