"I have to get out of this town as soon as possible!" Ren thought.

A policeman gunned down some innocent teenager for seemingly no reason. The boy had just started to dance with a boom box in a back alley as Ren was driving by. He seemed to see a couple windows crack as well, but the gun wasn't pointed in their direction.

"Hey I saw that! You are going to jail!" Ren stopped and said.

The cop looked to his direction, and to Ren's amazement, calmly phoned backup and walked his to his truck.

"Ain't you the fella that caused all that ruckus at the city council a week ago about needing dancing?" The cop said

"Yessir. I was trying to get across that every other town allows it and they're all fine.  It's a human right I believe."

The cop leaned in to the window., and spoke softly.

"Well we can take human rights in this town if it saves lives boy. We haven't had a dancer in 20 years and this town is one of the safest in the country."

"Those two things don't cause one another! And either way, murdering kid is going way overboard! You'll rot in jail for that!"

"You'll see kid, here, you have three choices, stay danceless, leave town, or die. It doesn't have to be by a murder though."

"Wait, what does that mean?"

The cop walked away, not saying another word.
He was shocked at the fact that the town was this strict on dancing. Making it illegal is one thing, but killing another human is something entirely different. 

He was also disappointed that he had to leave town so quickly. Ren was from Chicago, and loved dancing. Ren had also been doing great in his short time in town. He had a beautiful girlfriend named Ariel, and was doing great in high school. This unjustified murder made all of that worthless to Ren.

Even after testifying against the officer, he got off scott free.  The victims parents in court seemed like they were fine with the ruling as well. They were long time residents of the town and their son was known to be huge trouble for some reason. 

Ren had had enough and one more idea before he was going to run away. Ariel and their 2 friend had already discovered the joys of dancing with him at bar out of town, so it was easy to convince them to do something about this inhumane law.

Ren and his friends went to the top of the biggest building on Main Street. This was a Saturday around noon so the streets were pretty full. Ren knew that the police wouldn't shoot them with this many witnesses. 

He pulled out his megaphone.

"HEY EVERYONE, WE'VE COME TO PROTEST THE HATRED OF DANCING IN THIS TOWN. WE HOPE ALL OF YOU WILL START JOINING IN AND SEE DANCING AS WE DO. LETS DANCE!"

Ariel hits the boombox and they start shaking it. They are grooving the fuck out. I mean this is a masterclass in all different dancing styles, and even moves nobody has seen since. This obviously got the crowd riled up. At least half started shaking it as well. It was a beautiful sight that was sure to change at least some opinions on dancing around here.

"This is what dancing feels like, this is love" Ren says to Ariel, who thought it was weird but it came from a good place.

Something was going on with the other half of the crowd and few police though, they were panicking! Shoving each other out of the way to get away from the building and the street in general. Ren heard,

"GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY!"

"NOT WHILE MY BABY IS HERE, PLEASE STOOOOP!"

"CHRIST WHY DIDNT THEY LISTEN, WHY DIDNT THEY LISTEN!"

As he was grooving Ren thought,
 
"Damn it's just dancing, once people aren't so shocked by it, it will be fine"

That's when it happened. An earthquake started softly but quickly gained energy. The boombox fell and crushed a dancer and the music was gone. One of the friends slipped off the roof as Ren barely grabbed her hand. The shaking was violent now and she slipped, impaled by a fire hydrant. The horror couldn't be dwelled on however, as almost instantaneously a huge worm like creature started busting out from the road.

It ate dancers left and right leaving a bloody trail behind him. When everyone was dead or off of the street, the worm hung around a little while and fell asleep right outside this building.  After being unsuccessful with the back door, they decided the only way to get out was to sneak around the snake. They took small steps and it was going great. Rens male friend was pissing his pants but besides that they were good. Tip toeing they got outside and a bit away when Ren's idiot friend whispered "Damn, that was close"

The worm woke immediately and started coming after them. Ren thought quickly and told them to hide in the sturdy ABC store. Ren then cut right on to the hardware store porch and did a little jig to attract the worms attention. He barely got the door shut and locked before the worm hit. It left a huge dent but it held for now. He made shitty explosives with gasoline while the worm was circling the building. As the worm circled he did dances in the window. The twist, the jig, the dougie, you name it. 

As the worm saw this it was as pissed as ever. It started ramming the weak points of the house. Ren had a match in his hand and was ready to do what had to be done. The windows are broken, and the place is caving in. The worm comes around for one more ram that is surely to break through. As the worm starts barreling towards the building, you would think Ren is scared, second guessing himself. He wasn't. He was proud of what he had done and what he stood for. He would love to spend the rest of his life with Ariel, but his love is dance and a life without that wouldn't be a life worth living. He closes his eyes, smiles, and waits for the crash, but it never comes.

He hears machinery, and stomps. When Ren goes to look outside he doesn't believe what he sees. The military is rolling in from all sides, dancing their asses off! Instead of keeping the tremors a secret, the mayor finally told the federal government about this monster and what caused it. The worm was having a sensory overload. It hadn't seen this many dancers ever let alone in every direction. It was curling on the ground like a slug and salt. 

"Fire!" The twerking general yelled from between his legs.

Blasts came from everywhere. The monster was killed and dancing was ruled legal in the town. Ren and Ariel shared a slow dance among the carnage and military vehicles. They then lived happy forever in a town that they were famous in.

A flash forward shows and older Ren and Ariel with their son on the back porch. Ariel is trying to get the baby to bust loose when they feel a little rumble in the ground.

-----------------------------------

