I picked it out of confusion, I think. I knew which one was the best, of course - the gift far to the left, wrapped in cheerfully non-denominational holiday paper, book shaped. It glowed in the pile of white elephant office gifts against all the others. They each had phrases above them like "oh, thanks..", and "who on Earth grabbed this", and "this is perfect!", but that book, whatever it was, was clearly chosen with me in mind. Instead I looked down at my lap while everyone else made their choices, running my hands over the thin paper, the flexible object inside. It was neutral. Above it hovered only "????". I'd never seen an option with a non response. I dearly wanted to know what was inside - no, I didn't want to just know, I wanted to OWN it. Whatever it was.

Stacy picked "my" gift. She ripped it open, revealing a hard cover history of The Real Mad Men. Perfect for our marketing team, right in line with my own interests, probably full of useful trivia and gorgeous prints of old ads. Displaying it in my office would have been yet another object giving me the right attitude, the right "feel" for clients and higher ups who persistently promoted me, since I always knew what to say and how to spin it.

I didn't open mine in front of everyone. I wasn't sure what I'd do when I did. Would I be disappointed? Elated? Confused? I wasn't ready to navigate that with witnesses.

I waited until everyone was a drink or two into the office party, and slipped back to my desk. Closed the door. Took a breath, and neatly slid open the paper.

Confusion warred across my features, I'm sure. I was holding a blank sketchbook, a light blue cover with thick paper sandwiched between. The "????" stayed above it, even as I snagged a pen from next to my mouse and held it against the paper.

I drew a meandering line. Nothing happened. A few dots. Nothing happened. Filled in some space. I doodled across the entire page, suddenly filled with a weird cross between trepidation and peace, and nothing, nothing, nothing happened. Like there were no consequences to this, except to someone like me, who had never not known the consequences in my entire lifetime.

I thought maybe I would draw a- um, maybe a bird? A bird, on the next oage, I decided suddenly. And just like that, an image of a bird rose off the page, what I had in my mind. This was more familiar, and it felt like relief and disappointment. For about ten minutes, anyway.

I'd never drawn anything in my life, not really. I stared in dismay at this crooked, gimpy, sketchy disaster and compared it to the floating hologram I could still see in my mind's eye.

It occurred to me that knowing what you wanted to do might not be the same as actually doing it. That I'd focused my entire life on the words and the answers given to me because it was so easy, but that didn't mean I had the physical skill. When I opened the next page, the "????" returned.

I could hear the party heating up outside my closed door, and when I lifted my head, I could see it clearly - if I went back out there now, I could prevent Stacy from getting too drunk and cheating on her husband with Mark. I would get some valuable facetime with the CEO and secure my next raise. Then a client would call with an emergency and I'd be exactly placed to deal with it in the moment. It would prevent us from losing a valuable account.

I bent my head back down and put my pen to the page.