
This is my first go at writing prompts:

Sub-Commander Redland sighed. 

"Whew - its finally over" looking at the screenshowing the blossoming explosions of the enemy fleet.

It took years to plan and finally its over. When Humanity first left the solar system and hit the stars they found the galaxy already crowded with a number of ancient races bound by a loose Confederation of rules ruling over a host of younger races bound to their home systems. No technology was given only trading of most basic of materials allowed, at what Humanity suspected was highly disadvantageous terms. Humanity watched and waited, gathered intelligence as much as it could.

The Confederations' rules left Humanity's home system alone but any attempts to colonise out-system were ruthlessly thwarted and mercilessly expunged. After the first few disasters, with any attempts at defense against the enemies technologically superior battle fleets controlled by logic, battle analysis and prediction strategies couldn't be beat by a much lower tech humanity with much smaller resources.

That left humanity with no expansion in its future. Other technologically developed races in a similar position lived for hundreds of thousands of years confined to their planet without a chance to florish under the yoke of the Confederation. Humanity was at risk of wilting and turning on itself as it had in the twentieth century time and time again. Humanity being humanity, solutions were looked at and the only strategy was to try everything as conventional warfare was not going to work due to their overwhelming advantage of tech and material.

So an idea was born. A number of more attempts over a few decades at Outworld settlement was done with nearly no military defending them, all tragically lost - but serving a valuable purpose - observing the size of the forces sent to destroy them and analysing their capability until finally the enemy races started using what they thought was needed - as humanity was colonising without any defense, the aliens eventually lowering the size of the attacking fleet needed to expunge the settlements. Many lives were lost to get to this point.

Now knowing the size of the attack on a new colony, action could be taken. A single Sov'n ship attacked a colony which was in fact a trap - a very costly suprise attack on a small Ship with everything Earth had, with the aim to capture the technology and ship as intact as possible and and infect the prisoners molecular sized bots. Once this was done then Earth technicians rebuilt most of the damage to the ship and sent a distress call advising the ship had hard landed on the planet humanity tried to settle after a successful battle. Once the crew was rescued it was months before the Sov'n realised most of their planetary populations were infected with molecular bots and at that point we activated the bezerker protocol. Sov'd had their own version of a Zombie attack. After the initial waves of attack the bodies started spewing nanobots and whole worlds were stripped clean of life. Humans were widely suspected to be the cause of the attack as the worlds biospheres were contaminated beyond remedy and the more civilised races wouldn't have done such a thing. Humanity learned of this via the Sov'd communications, and now had access to new technologies and could eavesdrop on galactic communications.

The Rel, a militaristic race, in particular had a build up of hardware and ship movements movements observed over a few years indicating might attack Humanities homeworld in future even though this was against the normal confederation rules.

The second war was destined to be with the Rel, but Earth was now better prepared both technologically and with a new plan - with a more conventional attack on an important but lightly defended Rel regional world - however it was with ships identical to the Rel, made with stolen Sov'n technology - and closely imitating Rel battle tactics and communications - and this had the affect of triggering a Rel civil war. After some time it was realised the humans were behind it but the damage was already done and half the Rel worlds were ash. At that point the remanants of the Sov'n ships under our control attacked the other half hitting the planet at sublight if they were not armed. With the Rel vunerable other races also attacked the Rel as they had few friends in the galaxy.

Now the galactic confederation noticed humanity and realised something had to be done, the Rel started amassing their fleet however they were stopped by the most the most recent action, the war in which Sub-Commander Redland had a small part in - the attacks on all the nearest galactic travel control nodes. They had never been attacked before as they served all the ancient races economically as well as militarilily and were huge planetary sized constructions. The signals broadcast by the nodes were then imitated by the Sub-Commander and other's ships which meant any craft emerging from transpace unware the nodes no longer existed and as such were subjected to horrendous forces due to the warping of space and simply exploded. When the enemy realised this that would mean any reinforcements would now have to use ship bound drives and take tens ofyears to arrive rather than in weeks

"Hopefully Time for humanity to prepare" the Sub-Commander mused.

Humanity, anticipating the success of the operation had sent stealth ships through the nodes with ambassadors to the other races that have been confined to singular worlds, offering to trade stolen technology and assist with their own expansion - Hopefully a new galactic order was on the cards. Colony ships were dispatched with automated cloning vats to grow the populations of worlds quickly. Seed worlds were made and Orbital habitats developed and massive automated robotic factories readied for glactic war. 

No one in the Galaxy apart from the Rel and the remenants of the Sov'n on distant lonely outposts were going to take humanity as a serious threat. Yet. Preparations were made. Asteroids harnessed, made nearly undectable and accellerated to nearly lightspeed and aimed for worlds that wouldnt feel their impact for decades and centuries. Battle computers cant predict actions if you dont know you are even at war. 

Commander had more work to do, "I'll bet wish they had just let us colonise" as he turned his ship around and headed for Earth. His crew had a well needed rest schedule before starting on the next mission.
