    I smelled her before I saw her... 


    The quiet clatter of keys filled my office as my fingers danced across the keyboard detailing out every little thing for my client, the client I failed. Me a world renowned P.I. on retainer at many high society museums and auction houses, outwitted by a thief who seems to walk through walls, who avoids all cameras, never leaves behind fingerprints, even manages to avoid the most sensitive of alarms. But what this cocky bastard does leave behind is what bothers me most… Taco wrappers left in place of million dollar art pieces and antiquities. 


That's when I smelled it, freshly grilled chicken mingled with eye watering chiles, atop a freshly fried corn tortilla. I swiveled away from the window, to face the perpetrator… hope filled my heart, I detective Floyd Meriwether was about to come face to face with the taco thief, I just knew it.


“Well, well, well, if it isn't the taco thief in the flesh.” My voice boomed with confidence.


“That’s a dumb name, who would steal tacos.” Confusion danced across her face, “I want you to know I paid for these.” She said, gesturing towards two chicken tacos from the truck on the corner by the park. 


“Who are you, why are you here?” I inquire raising a bushy brow


“I brought you a taco.” she extended a single immaculate street confection in my direction. 


    Tentatively I took it a finger lightly grazing her soft hand. I pulled my gaze away from the melting strands of cheese lazily dripping down the glimmering golden surface of a crisp shell, meeting the emerald beams that mounted her face, eyes that could peer into ones soul if given the chance.


    There was nothing behind them, just a pretty show. I could feel something stir in my bones, this girl made me feel uneasy. Something was off about her. 


“That doesn't explain who you are, or why your here in my office.” The words that leaving blunt and flat. 


A harsh giggle escaped her as if in amusement “It's me Annie, your new secretary. The temp agency said you knew I was coming by today. I thought I'd bring you lunch on my first day.” the sentence broken by wolfing mouthfuls of taco, speech muffled by simultaneous chewing.


The red tinge of embarrassment crawled it's way across my warm cheeks, 

“sorry I didn't get the message. If the temp agency sent you, shouldn't you have started this morning?” 


She took another greedy bite, pink sauce dripping down her chin, “that's why I brought you lunch as means to ask your forgiveness for my tardiness.” She gently popped the last bite into her mouth, the jagged edge of crisp corn flour grazing her lip. One must wonder what artificial fruit tainted that last bite, the cheery tint suggesting watermelon or perhaps a mystery berry. 


“Well I can't have a late secretary can I?” I asked placing my bribe on the desk before me. 


“I guess not detective,” she turned on her heels, sneakers squeaking weakly against the vinyl floor as she faced the door. She took a few steps towards the wooden door, her auburn hair gently cascading away as she turned her head to look over her shoulder.  “I'm sure I'll be seeing you again detective.” She said matter of factly with a lazy wink. Then she was gone.


    I had to shake my head at the audacity, rolling my eyes, what a strange interaction.


My attention shifted as my stomach made itself known, the aroma of street food on my desk arousing the beast that dwelled within.


As I reached out, something felt off something in the periphery, slowly my eyes scanned the oak desk surveying every familiar object. A stapler, an antique letter opener pearl inlay embellished the bronze handle, and a…. A taco wrapper??? Where there once sat a ship in a bottle. 


“What?! How?!” The words became audible with rage as I rose from the chair nails digging into palms. 


And like that a sloppy taco eating menace once again escaped the grasps of world renowned detective Floyd Meriwether.

