Ms. Moss is ancient as fuck. So old, in fact, that the best word to describe her would be…dusty. Luke swears that every time she breathes, she exhales excess dust from her shrivelled lungs. Everything about her is old. Her hair is more a build-up of silvery thin cobwebs around her head than actual hair and her eyes are so sunken into her sockets that they resemble those holes in bowling balls. She looks like she’s had all the flesh sapped out of her, leaving nothing but wrinkly skin wrapped around her protruding bones. Anyone who goes near her is immediately assaulted by the smell of old books and that distinct perfume that every grandmother seems to use. This is why Luke avoids her.

The teachers don’t like being around her either, something about ‘the cold darkness in her breath’, (quote Mr. Stevens), and ‘the vast expanses of nothing in her eyes’ (quote Mrs. Magnolia).  They have to though, because of Ms. Moss’ unparalleled skill in being a librarian. Need a textbook for a class? Ms. Moss has got you covered. Looking for the oldest edition of an obscure encyclopaedia? She’s got that too. Want the swimsuit edition of Sports Illustrated? Yup. 

Rumour has it that she’s never once failed a book request, and Luke’s the guy who's been goaded into proving whether or not it’s true.

This is why he’s awkwardly standing at the front library desk while Ms. Moss reads over the request. His friends are snickering from their vantage point a few tables behind him, but he can’t bring himself to laugh with them because she’s taking this way too seriously. 

She scrutinizes the slip of paper, and sluggishly types ‘the Necronomicon’ into the library catalogue, going about a key per second. Those seconds inch by slowly, and Luke wonders if he should just tell her it was a joke. A horrible joke because Ms. Moss is nowhere near laughing. Finally, she heaves herself off of the chair. He sighs in relief. She’s about to tell him it’s not available and he’ll be able to go-but she doesn’t. Instead, she hobbles over to a wooden door on the right and slips inside. The entire frame rattles as it shuts behind her.

His friends’ laughter intensifies. “Man, she’s actually serious!” 

Luke doesn’t laugh with them. He’s too busy being embarrassed about the whole thing. This was a stupid prank, he thinks.

It’s about ten minutes before she returns. Her arrival is signaled by the stench of burning and ominous whispers and chanting escaping the room as the door's opened. Ms. Moss limps out, her face covered in soot and her hair singed at the ends. In her bony hands is a thick, leather-bound book covered in ash, the cover slightly scorched. She slams the door shut, cutting off the horrible noises coming from inside it. For a moment, the only thing that can be heard is the steady hum of the library fan. No one laughs. No one even breathes.

Then she blows all the ash on the cover right into a petrified Luke’s face, and drops it in front of him with a heavy thump. He can make out the title etched onto the surface of the horrible book and he can’t stop himself from gaping at it.

 “Due back in 3 weeks.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
haha i tried, sorry for the bad humor
