I was walking down a dark, moon-lit road in the middle of the night. This is not a good thing to do, but I was bored and I needed some cheap thrills - so what better way to get your KICKS than to get out onto a damn dark, moon-lit ROAD in the middle of the NIGHT where you could potentially get MUGGED? Get yourself stimulated, right? This was also right in the middle of the slum so the danger was intense.

So as I was about a couple of kilosecs into the stimmin', having left about a half klick after midnight, and blood was pumpin' and I was feelin' like I was livin', the stim knob was suddenly turned up a few notches as I heard a burst of commotion from another side alley. Quickly escalating into a fight. Hairs bristled. The rush felt so damn GOOD...

I ran over, hunched down, senses hot and bothered, to go take a look. Crouched behind a dumpster, tough and fired up like hot shit, I peeked around to see what was happening. Three guys wailing on a fourth. They were big, muscular, bigger than I even though I had put on some nice buffs. No way we could get to that. They managed to wrestle something away from him and then got away. The victim was yelling obscenities at them, but even after they left he kept yelling, and pointing at the air. I ran over to assist, and he was still yelling, in fact his yelling increased as though there was now MORE danger than before - looking off to his side where it seemed there was nothing.

"What's wrong?" 

I tried to negotiate with him. His yelling started to become fainter. Then I noticed blood. He had been stabbed. With a knife. The knife was still embedded. I knew not to take it out; for removing a knife without proper medical procedure would just trigger a torrential hemorrhage.

"Help!" he said. "They're out there. There's more of them. More than you can possibly imagine."

I got the phone and started calling the emergency services. Oddly enough as I was doing this I felt a strange chill in the air. I told the police the situation and they said they would send help.

"It's callipsing," he said. "It's callipsing. Get your fade bunker."

"What does that mean?", I thought.

"Get ... your ... fade bunker."

"This is me fade bunkeh." He hands me his glasses, and then he died. Oddly enough, when he did he seemed to freeze, like a statue held in place, transfixed for what must have been 10-15 seconds. Then suddenly became limp. I put on the glasses. I look around.

I catch a glimpse of some sort of, multitudinousness, quantity, in the direction he was pointing. It's hard to describe the sight, it was very ambiguous, simply all I could tell was that there was a large quantity of it, but only for a flash, then it was gone.

I heard the police and emergency sirens in the distance.

Later: 12.0 ks, Police Station

I was taken in for questioning. The glasses had been confiscated.

"Were you in any way complicit in the killing?"

"I want to talk to a lawyer."

"We found your handprints on the knife. Why were they present?"

"As I said, I want to talk to a lawyer. I know my rights."

I couldn't believe they were accusing ME of a crime. The officer looked grim. Apparently I was really now getting a lot more "stimulation" than I had asked for.

"You do know this is a very serious situation, don't you, Mr. SHAI?"

"I. Want. To. Talk. To. A. Lawyer."

"Did you know the victim beforehand? What were you doing there at this time?"

"Lawyer."

"You said there was a gang beating the man. Who do you know from that gang? Did you have arrangements beforehand?"

"L-a-w-y-e-r. That's who I want to be talking to right now. I want legal counsel. I am entitled to legal representation in this developing case."

This continued for a while. Somehow, while it was happening, I got the sense there were more people, or at least, more _presence_ , in the room than there seemed to be. For some reason, I don't know what, it seemed like there was a larger presence there, like it was more crowded, but yet wasn't, if you get what I mean. They eventually agreed but it would have to wait to the next day.

I was later placed in holding cell for the next 20 kiloseconds. I went to sleep, and dreamt a strange dream. It was a dark, long tunnel of black mist, which despite being blacker than night, was nonetheless perceptible of form and contrast. I was rushing up it, toward a light. It seemed to be composed of something numerous. Not of numerosity itself, as though that were an essential attribute, but rather of something definite, just numerous. But I could not make out what. Yet it seemed also like that something was not inert, but alive, conscious. Was it one or many? I could not tell. There was no sound. The light enveloped me, and I felt like there was something behind me. I turned around ... SHIT!

YOW! I woke up, sweating, screaming! I never SCREAMED like that before from a dream and what I saw! I was really, really scared now. Fortunately there were only 2 more klicks 'til cell release.

Later I would get to see the lawyer. I told them about the glasses. They didn't believe one bit of shit I told them about what I saw through them, but they did agree a case could be made for my innocence.

We would plead the case in court over the following days. Eventually I was cleared of charges. But I never got the glasses back. From that point on though, life just got worse, and worse, and worse, until here I am, looking straight into the cold eyes of an alien skull, brimming with pure evil as I type this, above my monitor, in the dark, terrified...

NOSLEEP.
