The only thing that's hot about hell these days is our deadlines. Eight billion people in the world and more than a few of them reaching out to the big red guy, and I'm not talking about Santa Claus or the Koolaid-man. I don't gotta tell you how busy we are down here. Thing is, Stan’s too busy to answer every vengeful ex-girlfriend out for blood - which then makes it my problem.

It's not a fate I'd wish on anyone else. Day-in and day-out sitting in front of this old terminal in my cubicle answering calls from schmucks. Sometimes I envy the guys basking in eternal hellfire. I don't really remember what I was like when my soul was still human, but I must have done something pretty fucked to end up in this role.

The LED on my desk phone started blinking red - incoming call. Better to get them over with. "Yeah?" I questioned into the receiver.

A familiar voice echoed from the other end. "Dave, got another one for ya. There's an occult convention in Kansas and shit's blowing up in Syria gain. We're gonna be slammed for a while," he said.

"Alright, send me the details and I'm on it," I responded. An email flashed on the terminal. Some trailer park in the boonies of Texas, apparently. I used to live in Texas, I think. Memory's shit.

I stood up and adorned the black sports coat on the back of my chair before patting my pockets to check for my keys and wallet. I don't even carry them anymore, but some habits die hard. Snapping my fingers, I am immediately engulfed in a curtain of flames. For a brief moment, it's all I see as I materialize up on Earth. Don't ask me how demon magic works, hell if I know. But it's effective.

I'm in a dinghy room - dark enough that I'd have trouble making out the stains on the carpeted floor or the water damage bleeding through the ceiling without these god-forsaken eyes. I'm looking for a crack-head that's in too deep, but instead I see a girl - I think it's a girl - sitting on a dilapidating bed with her knees in her chest. She's looking up at me with tears in her eyes. There's only one way she'd be able to see me as I am now. Shit. How the fuck did this make it past those imps on level one?

I aim for damage control.

"Hey, uh, kid... you call for some help?" I ask. A stranger materializes from flames a few feet from her on what is probably already a stressful night? Yeah, she's terrified.

She doesn't respond. Big surprise.

"Look, whatever you did worked and now I'm here. Except I'm not supposed to be. We don't answer requests on the fleeting whims of minors."

"I just don't want anybody to get hurt," she whimpers.

If I had been new at this job I might have tried to console her, but that's not how this works. I'm working up a good segue to make my exit before I'm interrupted by a sound like bricks falling on concrete. The girl covers her head with her hands. "That's a fucking gun shot," I manage to say. Another sound like a dud firework, except this time the windows rattle as the door in the other room is busted open. Heavy thuds march towards the bedroom door before that, too, is thrown open with a vicious slam.

A middle-aged man with balding brown hair and a greasy white T-shirt is standing before me. One hand holds the brassy door knob and the other holds a Colt revolver. There's blood spattered on his face and some red streaks running down his chest. I hate to jump to conclusions, but I think this guy's been up to no good.

"'Becca, it's time to fuckin' go," he shouts with a slur. There's a look of horror on her face. "Please Dad, I don't want to go. Where's Mom?" she cries.

He rushes past me to the bedside. Demons can't be seen except by those who expect to.

"Don't give me that shit. This is yer fuckin' fault to begin with. She's always babyin' you. Git yer ass outta bed now!"

She can only muster sobs at this point. He reaches out a sweaty hand and grips her by the arm; throwing her hard against the wall and shouting obscenities.

I'm not here to fulfil this little girl’s request, but it just so happens that Hell is always in need of more ass-holes. I'll be damned if I leave here empty-handed.

I reach out and put a hand on the man's shoulder and he freezes in place. Leaning forward, I whisper into his ear from behind - mostly telling him what a piece of shit he is. "Feel the weight of that gun in your hand?" I beckon, "Why don't you put it to good use for once!"

I take a step back. The girl is still crying as she looks up at her father, but he doesn't make a move.

Slowly now, his revolver hand arcs upwards as he sticks the barrel to the roof of his mouth.

Another brick hits the concrete. A really big brick. The piece of shit falls onto his back.

"That guy's going to Hell, no question," I say to nobody in particular. I'm about to snap out of here but I'm grabbed by some sensation, maybe pity for the fresh orphan. If it wasn't already, her life is officially fucked. I reach into the inside of my jacket and feel around for a small papery square and throw it on the bed in front of her. "My direct line,” I say, "Call me when you're older. I feel like you might need it." She gingerly reaches out to pick it up, but it ignites with a spark at the moment of contact and goes up in smoke. That's probably normal.

With a new soul in Hell, I snap my fingers and am greeted by the discomforting site of my fluorescently lit cubicle. I replace my jacket on the back of the chair and take a seat, marking the task done through my terminal and begin reading about my next job.

\*\*\*

A few days pass and I'm about to snap my fingers for the next job.

"Dave," I hear called from behind, "I want you to meet Frank. You'll be working with him for a bit. He's a new intern."

Well, shit.

\------------------------------

Wow, this is my most popular post to date! I am incredibly humbled by the amount of support I've gotten on this little story. This is my first submission to \[WP\] but I already intend to continue writing into the future. In response to the feedback I've gotten, I have decided to create [a new subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/kojakswp) on my behalf: a place to collect future stories and also to share my thoughts and begin discussions on related topics. 

For example, [I have responded to the demand for a continuation of this story](https://www.reddit.com/r/kojakswp/comments/9mrqx9/ot_thoughts_on_continuing_demon_call_responder/).

Again, the support I've gotten has been incredible. I hope I can bring more enjoyment to you all.

Thanks for reading!

&#x200B;