I wander through my life in a daze. This isn't the real world. At least, it isn't *my* real world. To everyone else, the world we see when awake is reality. But I know it isn't. The true universe lives within our dreams.

I smile at her again today. She smiles back, but moves on before I can talk to her. I sigh. She will see me as more than this soon. She will love me as much as I love her.

The bell rings, and I barely make it to math. This is my favorite class, because I can sleep. I can escape this dull world and enter my own. Mr. Tones is too consumed in formulas too pay much attention.

I take my usual spot in the back corner. There was a time where I would sit up front, raise my hand, jot down notes. I tried so hard to force myself into a perfect world. It seems silly now, that I would bother with anything that I couldn't solve in more than a second.

Mr. Tones starts to drill on, and I rest my head on my arms hidden beneath my large gray sweater. Long hair falls over my face, a curtain keeping the unwanted rigidity out.

It takes moments to fall asleep. Anything can become second nature if you practice enough.

It's takes talent to make it first.

I am among stars and planets, my universe spread out before me. But I do not want to stay home right now. I want to wander, and I know where.

I focus in on the thousands of whispers around me. Physical distance is nothing, the clearest voices are the most powerful dreamers.

As usual, I can hear her above everyone else. Her mind is so pungent, I can follow her into any short break from reality.

Day dreaming is fun, but more difficult to influence. The dreamer is a fragile state, any sudden jolt from inside or without enough to snap the fanatsy. 

But I know what I am doing. I focus on her voice, and pull my own conciousness towards it as if pulling myself by a string.

Her world is mine now. It is a simple day dream. She is looking out a window in an otherwise empty classroom, imagining what it would be like to fly.

I smile. Flying is just too easy.

I give myself form, a version of me that is recognizable but just a bit more attractive. I fly in front of her. She is confused, almost falling back to her own class at wondering why I am in her thoughts. 

The easiest way to convince someone I am from their own mind is to make them think they have strong feelings for me. People are less suprised by positive feelings than hate, since the former doesn't seem to need reason.

This serves me well here, and is one instance where waking dreams work best.

As I planned, I give her a quick kiss on the cheek. She reaches for me. But within an instant we freeze and shatter. I am back among stars.

I smile. She is going to be confused now, wondering why her *own* mind would conjure such a thing. Even though she is alone in her head now, I have planted a seed in her mind that will take all of her attention for days.

I slip back into the math class, opening my eyes just as the lesson ends. Time works differently in these world's, a minute there is an hour here.

+++++++++
I lock my door. It is Friday, and I can sleep all weekend. My father does not care enough to wake me, and my sister is watching our brother.

I glance in the mirror, hating my dull reflection. I am supposedly an identical twin to my sister, but she has grace and confidence. I look like a foggy mist that got lost in a dark corner.

No matter. I do not care how I look here, at least not now. My bed, my sancuary, awaits.

I am in the stars. I can feel the minds of everyone I have ever met, and those who I have not. I listen for a bit. I glance in on a politician dreaming about his secretary, an old woman reliving a concentration camp, and an infant lost in a sea of blurry images. I take the politicans and place into the old woman's dream, and take her into the infants. She smiles and sings to the baby, remembering a child she had lost.

I do not linger. I alter a few other dreams, twisting fantasies into nightmares and hells into heavens. I am God here, but do not want to be worshipped or seen. You cannot oppose someone you don't know exists.

I listen for her, but she is not here yet. The faint echos from her mind show she is engaged heavily in the other world. I scowl, angry that something is denying a God what he wills. 

I pass her and find her younger brother. He is about five. I know him as well as her.

He dreams of a space craft, and aliens. The physics and space in his world are as warped as could be, but it doesn't faze me. Dreams are only constrained by our wildest imaginations.

I need to wake him. To get his sister to break from whatever has consumed her.

I could terrorize him, but I do not want her brother to hate me. He would be my brother, too.

So I instead send him plummeting towards the planet below. The sudden fall forces me out, and I know he is awake.

Her mind is distracted for a moment, likely from hearing his yelp. She imagines what could have happened, and that is all I need.

The dim flash of her created image let me in, just enough to press against her mind. I can not wait for her to fall asleep by herself. So I force her mind into confusion, shrouding any sense of a world beyond. Within moments, she is in full REM sleep.

I watch as she finds herself on a green, sunny hill. A village lies below, but I do not want her to go there so I earase it. She blinks for a moment, but accepts it. Dreams change constantly, this is nothing noteworthy.

I blow soft wind against her face, calm and relaxed. 

I give myself wings and long, soft hair before floating down to her as an angel.

She looks at me with confusion or suprise. She acts as if we have known each other our whole lives. She glances over me before speaking.

"I've always wanted wings. Why wouldn't we both have them?"

I smile. "You do." She turns, and sure enough, there they are. She laughs and flys. It is her favorite dream, and I remember the brief flight we took earlier.

She holds my hand without question. "I don't know why father will not speak of you. How come he says he cares for me, but will not even look at you?"

I shrug. "It has been a while. You are his world, he only sees you- and your brother."

She starts to cry. I do not understand. She speaks as if she has loved me forever. I do not even remember how we met.

"I thought I saw you in the hallway earlier." She sniffs.

I frown. I was there. I saw her, too. Some days I think she is the only one who sees me, but perhaps even she doubts my presence.

I pull her through the clouds, anxious to escape the unsettling feeling this conversation has given me. We fly to a castle. I had a toy one like this as a child, but don't remember conjuring it here. Ah well.

We land on a crystal balcony. I stare at her. I love her. That is the only thought that comes through my head every day. But she has changed since I first recall thinking that. Since the first time I realized I could pass through minds like a ghost.

Her face is sharper now. She wears makeup and more formal clothes. She was my height, but now is several inches taller than me. For the first time, I notice a few scars on her neck, heading down her front where I can not see.

 We stand in silence for a long while, until the natural course of her dream changes the scene.

She is in front of a classroom, teaching. As per usual. I sit in back, watching her. She doesn't notice me right now.

Everything seems fairly normal. She dreams this often. Sometimes her blasted husband comes by, droning on about this and that.

She makes a good teacher. But I am confused. How is she so much older than me? The universe screwed up, and it has bled into my perfect world. She is out of my reach. I am stuck in one spot, but she has a life.

I shake my head, and influence my own mind enough to silence those thoughts until they are murky and far from my mind. I have had to do this more and more often.

What is happening?

Right. She is teaching. Sure enough, her husband knocks on the door. Mr. Tomes wanders in.

Why is he part of her life now? I should be the only one with her. But he has taken over even me now. I can't escape it.

I stand up, furious.

"Why is he here?! You don't have me! What makes you think he will stay!"

She looks at me in fear. Her eyes show she believes me, and suddenly I feel guilty. I have tapped into her worst subconscious fears. I want to take it back, but it is too late.

There is an explosion and everything has shattered. She crys, and I realize she is coughing my name- not her husband's. Everything is red, and finnally the dream is broken.

I sit in my stars. The blinking lights and gentle hums of space fill me, drowning out the other minds.

+++++++++

*Continued in comments*