\[First time posting here, came out a bit long!\]

&#x200B;

It was a Tuesday morning in the year 2341, and Christian Smith lay in his hospice bed.

Having lived to the unusually ripe old age of 142, this wasn't surprising, and neither were the aches and pains he felt in his joints, his back, his knees, and pretty much everywhere else. His cloudy vision, weak hearing and bad sense of smell made the days merge one into another.

His thoughts, however, were still clear, thank God - which was why he noticed when the door to his room slowly creaked open, and gasped - weakly - when he saw who stood there.

It was Xelah, his only offspring, per the quota allotted to his family by the resource-constrained World Government.

They haven't met in thirteen years.

\---

Death sneezed. Since he had no respiratory organs, he wasn't used to it, and took it as a sure sign that something was amiss.Looking around his office carefully, he noticed the enormous amounts of dust piling up everywhere.

How long has it been since he cleaned up in there? A thousand, two thousand years? He sighed. This sounded like several small stones being grated.

MIGHT AS WELL, said Death.

\---

Even through his muddled vision, Christian could still read the emotions reflected in Xelah's expression. Concern, worry, but mostly fear and apprehension. This was painful for Christian - for all their arguments, he still cared for his son- no, his daughter. He confused the pronouns even more these days, and missed her original name, Noah.

"Christian", she said. Xelah hadn't called him 'Father' in a long time, and had enjoyed making fun of his old-fashioned name. Modern people didn't have such names, after all; they went the way of so many old traditions.

Chris actually found modern names (like the self-chosen 'Xelah') to be the funny ones, and yet today he sensed no mocking in Xelah's tone. "You came", he said. "Thank you."

Chris meekly raised his left hand, beckoning Xelah to sit down. His right hand touched the cross he wore on his neck. Seeing this, Xelah frowned slightly. 

Chris didn't know if she frowned at his gesture, or at the cross - Xelah had never agreed with his religion - but after a few seconds, she sat down apprehensively next to Chris' bed.

\---

Death rolled up his cloak, grabbed his broom - coated with as much dust as the rest of the room - got to cleaning, and sneezed once more. It was an interesting feeling for Death.

The hiss of billions of hourglasses was joined by the swish-swoosh of Death's broom.

\---

Some small talk was exchanged. Weather, the World Government, Xelah's children and grandchildren. Then an awkward silence that revealed the chasm between them.

Chris' relationship with his son-turned-daughter was difficult; she couldn't understand his beliefs, in this age when less and less people had faith. This caused many fights, as her life journey raised challenges with his ideals. Some of them were bitter. Too bitter.

But now was past the time for that.

"Xelah, I-""No, Christian, let me talk. I don't want us to fight, not again. I just came here, to tell you... So we... Before..."

She averted her eyes to the floor, not able to finish the sentence.

Christian smiled, and put his hand on Xelah's."I understand", he said. "Remember what your mother used to say - death isn't real until you are truly forgotten, and I think our history would be rather hard to forget...".

It might have been his cloudy vision, but he thought he'd seen a tear emerge at the edge of Xelah's eye.

\---

Death ducked beneath his desk. His back bones creaked loudly - he hadn't bent like this in ages.In the enormous pile of dust there, he saw something glitter, and reached out for it.

OH, NO, said Death, extracting the hourglass from its resting place. THIS EXPLAINS SOME THINGS.

\---

Xelah took a deep breath."Let me just say, Chri... Father - I forgive you. For everything. All that was said, and done", she said. "I've thought about it long and hard, and I came to make amends".

Chris grasped her hand tightly."Bless you, Xelah. I feel the same way. I only ever wanted what I thought was best for you. Thank you for coming, and for putting up with your old man. I'll send you a postcard from heaven".

Xelah smiled through the tears. "You know I don't believe, father, but I hope you do find your peace."

Christian sighed loudly at this. He held Xelah's hand, and closed his eyes. For the first time in years, he truly felt relaxed, at peace, and happy.

\---

Holding the hourglass in one hand, and leaving his office half-clean, Death grabbed his scythe.

I HAVE TO FIX THIS, NOW.

\---

Xelah kept holding her father's hand while he slept, and his breath grew weaker. She thought about death, and the afterlife, though she didn't believe in it. It was a difficult concept to consider.

She was certain about one thing, though, while she cemented her father's memory in her mind. As long as Xelah remembered him, he would always be with her.

After a while, she got up, looked back at her sleeping father one last time, and left, contemplating how to tell her children and grandchildren about their complicated father-child relationship.

&#x200B;

It was not long after this that the world's last Christian breathed his final breath.

\---

Death returned to his office, and gently placed the now empty hourglass in a special spot, way in the back of his vault.

REST WELL, he said, as he looked at the hourglass' name label for a few more moments.

It read, "Jesus of Nazereth".