Death comes for all. It is one of life’s irrefutable truths. One day he will come for you, his axe will fall and inevitable you will die. This truth is a taboo, it is not discussed, we ignore and pray our day will not come soon. I accepted deaths challenge, fifteen years ago as I stood duelling with the supposed best swordsmen in the land. He did not last long. Yet once he fell some petulant drunk in the crowd yelled; “One day you will die to, for not even you can defeat death”. 

This changed my life. My goal became defeating death. To achieve such an ambitious goal I knew would take more than swordplay. I learnt all I could about death, searching the vaults of scripts all over the world. I knew I needed an edge, an advantage. After ten years of searching I found a fragment of deaths axe, I was sure it was real. How it had been lost I do not know but I gave me a chance. 

Now I had to turn my hand to forging for I could trust no one with such a precious artefact. Another five years passed and finally I was ready to melt down deaths shard. It took four weeks of endless work, but it was done. My deathly sabre. I had never felt a sword so perfectly balanced,, thinner than a needle yet stronger than a broadsword. Nothing could break it. My weapon of choice. Now I was ready for death. 

Yet death was not ready for me… 

Five more years passed, everyday I woke ready for death, every night I slept with the blade by my side, one eye open, constantly  alert. A sorry existence. 

I am sitting here now, writing my story down, the room has gone cold, I can feel a chilled breadth across the back of my neck. It was time., I grabbed my blade from my hip. I hear a whoosh coming from my left side, suddenly my sword was there. Blocking the axes path to my neck. Suddenly he appeared, stunned and shocked by the events he froze. 

I did not and down went death like the rest of all my foes. All it took was a flick of my blade across his neck. The inescapable fate of life was gone. As his body hit the ground it turned to ash while his axe thumped down. 

Days and months past. I had won yet I did not feel like a winner. Waiting for death had become my life. I did nothing but wait. Now my prey was gone, I was waiting again yet I had nothing to wait for. Death would never come. 

I began travelling the world, searching for a purpose. Duelling not for fun or for glory but for the hope that I would feel something. A hope that I never accomplished. As more and more foes died at my blade I realised the terrible duty that had befallen on me. For only those that met my sword died, no one else passed.

I returned home. Claiming death’s axe from beneath my forge. I melted it down, it took me a year but I made my weapon. My scythe. So I donned a black cloak and death was born again. Fated to live in this existence until someone killed me. Hubris was my blindspot, my pride made me a monster for eternity. 

Yet once again I had a purpose, I am death. One day I will come for you all and no one can stop me, yet part of me hopes you try. 