"Mom, when I die, do you think heaven is going to welcome me with big arms and a glowing smile." The small boy looks up in sulky wonder. His mom slightly tears and says "If Cancer isn't then God will" He never survived the night, Matter of fact I remember watching my own funeral, before the light of god came upon me, Strange thing was, the light was flickering and occasionally drop me and proceed to pick me up like a broken elevator. I could hear screams and Gunfire, but I thought it was one of those "life flashing before my eyes in a past life" thing, and finally came up to the pearly gates, and noticed next to them, a small man was leaning on the pedestal into Paradise. I inched in closer, and knocked on the marble to wake him up. Then I noticed the Blood and the Gun in his hand. Dripping down like the IV bags that once kept me alive. St. Peter, guardian of the Gates to Heaven, Was Dead by his own might. Then beyond the rusted brass of the gates, I saw smoke billowing above the horizon, beyond the mountains and clouds that may have once held the greatest lifes in the world.

I continued in my worrying haste to the land of freewill and prosper, and was stopped my an eerie silence, then the silence morphed into a fuzzy wail of an electric guitar, and he jumped in front of me, no longer gleaming, Jimi Hendrix has now dressed in War Torn Attire and instead of his iconic Stratocaster, he held an Ar15 loaded and pointed at my face. "I hope you have any good of a reason to be here boy, I lived out the Vietnam draft, and I ain't scared to put a bullet in your head, start talking." I calmly explained to him, afraid one slip would end me. "I recently just died, living with an incurable brain tumor. I witnessed my burial, and came up here. What happened?" Jimi lowers the gun, and barks out. "Kurt, Joey, Chris, we are clear, he a fresher. Get him to cover." and behind the glorious guitar player, was Cobain, Ramone, and Cornell. Cornerstones of music as a whole, all with tragic death behind them, stand before me in war attire and guns. Kurt angrily points a shotgun, to which I mentally exclaim at the accuracy. "WE don't need anyone like you here, Heavens gone to SHIT man, to SHIT." I look on in fear at the Alt Rocker. Then Joey Ramone chimes in "I already lost Dee Dee, Johnny and Tommy to the War here, but he looks like he can carry a Gun, give him a pistol and get ready." Chris hands me a weathered pistol and points to the sky, which has gone from a glistening pink and blue, to a menacing black and orange.

"Open up, its the Rock group, and they got a fifth!" I watch as the gates to Heaven, open up in ruin and tragedy. "Jimi, who's the new Guy?" I look at Prince who nudges Jimi and straps on a Helmet, almost to serve. And leaves. "He looks capable, but we are losing to much out there man." Muhammad Ali barks, and solders brass blocks to his gloves. I realize I my terror, all of the greats are in one place, Cobain, Hendrix, Ali, Prince, Cornell. Then the happiness drains from my face. "GET A MEDIC, LENNONS DYING!!" and three masked soldiers rush in with the Beatles Frontman in tow. "We are going to lose him!!" I watch in horror, then Joey taps my shoulder, and motions to leave. I follow and hear the sounds of a flatlined corpse in tow....

"God, God, where is he, hey Rogers, you seen The Man around here?" Hendrix sparks up a convo with Mister Rogers, and Rogers proceeds to paint his face with Blood, to this day I still don't know if that was his. And we walk. "Henson. Oh thank Christ, where is the Big guy?" Jim Henson motions to the top of a staircase, and as we waltz past, I noticed the Kermit Puppet Bomb. "Hendrix, can you tell me what happened?" Jimi stops just shy of the towering gate, and sighs. "We are waging a war with the Anti Christ, Problem is, he brought bastard children from the stars, we are battling aliens and Lucifer. And God can't figure out how to beat them." As we finish talking, the sound of a huge gun goes off, and silence. For once the busy Heavens have stop. Everyone looks on is terror for what may happen. "I hope to God that wasn't him. OPEN UP." The Gates open with tension, and fall. And we look as the slippery shadow of Lucifer drips away into the Aether. And before us, was God, Bullet Hole in his Brain. I had always heard everyone say God is Dead, But You can't say you witnessed it. "Get on the Comms now, Find us Jesus. Tell him Papa is Dead. NOW!" A solder quickly runs to the Comms. And for once, I witness true Chaos. Everyone Scrambles and grabs guns. I saw Prince and Henson partner up and Run out in to No Mans Land, Ali and Chuck Berry, People I never got to see, or even thought of allying, have done it. I was witnessing True Controlled Chaos. As we watch on in horror. Hendrix looks at me and hold a gun Butt to me. "You may have died, buy have you truly lived?"