> It’s peak mating season here at Thomas Jefferson High School, due in large part to an annual pairing ceremony known as “Prom.” This event, in which the entire high school tribe comes together for a mass mating dance, sends males scurrying to secure an appropriately attractive female. Failure to secure a potential mate can lead one to be cast out from one’s pack and reduced to ‘loser’ status. 

> Prom is only days away now, and most eligible females have already been claimed by the most dominant and attractive males. That makes the situation all the more dire for one Kyle Davis, who has unsuccessfully attempted to secure a mate thus far. But despite two rejections, Kyle persists and seems to have his eye on one Tessa Lewis. She is widely regarded as ‘cute’ but also ‘a little stuck up,’ which may explain why she too has failed to secure a date to the prom. 

> We find Kyle at his locker, discussing strategy with his best friend and neighbor Amanda. Males often make non-romantic partnerships with females in this society in an attempt to share information and better understand their quarry. 

“I was thinking of making a sign and putting it on her car.” Kyle says. “But I haven’t thought of anything funny to write on it yet.”

> A common strategy for first approaching a mate, the use of a sign also tends to rely heavily on the use of a clever pun as a way of impressing the female. 

“Yeah, maybe that will work,” Amanda mutters as she stuffs books back in her locker. “But that’s, like, what everyone is doing. It’s kind of boring, you know?”

> Despite their alliance, Amanda has been less than helpful in helping Kyle secure a date for the Prom. She offers criticisms of his strategies, but has yet to come up with any helpful solutions to his predicament.

“No, you’re right.” Kyle says. “It’s dumb.”

> Kyle turns down the hall and gazes at Tessa, safe amongst her pack of fellow volleyball players. The females often travel in herds for safety, requiring any approaching male to take on the embarrassment of asking one out in public for everyone to see. Few dare such a bold strategy; the males often prefer to isolate their target for a one-on-one mating proposal. 

“Why Tessa, though?” Amanda asks. “I mean, she’s pretty and everything… but I don’t think you two have much in common.”

> Though males in this society tend to be driven almost entirely by physical attributes, the females often search for a deeper connection based on shared hobbies and other interests. Males like Kyle are challenged to feign interest in those hobbies while attempting to lure the female into mating. 

“Well, there’s only one way to find out, right? I’m just going to ask her,” Kyle decides, slamming his locker shut and marching down the hall before Amanda can get in a word edge-wise.

> What an amazing turn of events! We’re truly lucky here, dear viewers! Our naturalists have been watching these hallway for years and have rarely seen such a stunning turnaround. In a spur-of-the-moment decision, it seems that Kyle is willing to brave the risk of utter social embarrassment by asking Tessa out *in this very hallway!* Kyle is sure to never forget this moment, no matter the outcome! Let’s just hope this isn’t a memory of pure shame and humiliation for him!

“Hey, um… Tessa?”

> The entire volleyball team stops their conversation and turns to stare at poor Kyle. Oooh, this isn’t good, gentle viewers! See the savage looks in their eyes, ready to shame him just as soon as their pack leader gives the signal. 

“Ummm… would you… I mean, if someone hasn’t already asked you…”

> Kyle seems to be floundering already. Males of his age are susceptible to stammering and otherwise screwing up their speeches. Experts who study the teenage male have suggested that their brains simply turn off while talking to beautiful women. This is in large part due to blood flow being prioritized elsewhere in the body.

“What I mean is… are… would… wouldyouliketogotothepromwithme?”

> The entire hallway is silent. In his hurry to finally blurt out the question, Kyle forgot to control the volume of his voice and now everyone has heard him. The situation could *not* be more perilous for poor Kyle. Everything rides on how Tessa will react, yet her face shows no sign of emotion. At this phase, one would hope for something like a lip bite or even a smile to show that she is considering his plea, but no such sign is forthcoming. 

Tessa’s face twists into a sneer. “With *you*?” she says, following by a barely-contained giggle. 

> Ohh, there it is viewers! The sign for her pack. The other volleyball players begin to laugh too, and Kyle has been thoroughly rejected. That bright-red tone of his cheeks is a clear sign that he has admitted his own defeat. All he can truly do now is hide out for a bit and hope that the shame of the rejection soon passes. 

“I can’t believe I was so *stupid*,” Kyle mutters to Amanda as he returns to his locker

> As always, Amanda is there to comfort Kyle after such a rejection. Though most members of the high school society will lower their opinion of Kyle after this, it doesn’t seem to have affected Amanda at all. 

“It’s all right,” she says, placing a hand on his arm. “I’m sure you’ll find *someone* to take to prom…” she smiles, waiting for him to look up.

“Doubt it…” he responds. “I’m a complete loser. *No one* will ever want to date me.” He brushes off Amanda’s arm and heads down the hall, away from the still-laughing pack of volleyball players. “I gotta go to history. See you later.”

Amanda watches him leave, and lets out a sigh.

> There you have it, viewers. Our subject Kyle made a valiant effort at securing a mate, but unfortunately today was just not his day. Perhaps tomorrow, he’ll be able to view his existing relationships with a bit more clarity. Tune in next time on the Wild World of High School to find out!

----

[As requested, here is Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/63e5z3/prom_season/dftj9lo/)