Ancient bones ached and creaked as an elder shifted upon his throne. Old scars and wounds from wars centuries past itched with foreboding of what was to come. Half the old man's face was encased in a metal that seemed to constantly shift in color and hue. A single glowing red orb had replaced the eye he had lost fighting in the long war. He was the last warlord of those times, and now he was bound to his throne at the capital of his world. The machine was crafted from the fallen gods that assaulted the planet all those years ago. The symphony of violence still brought tears of joy to his one remaining organic eye.

"Jefferies." The old man spoke into the darkness of his room. "Please open the windows, I feel like I have rested enough for today." A small man wearing a smart suit made himself known, "As you command my lord, what direction shall we view?"

The elder let loose a short bark of a laugh. "Why all of them young man. Even the ones to the heavens. I miss the sights and smells of my home." Jefferies let out a curt affirmative before opening the blinds to the throne room.

Great blast doors began to slide back from every angle, bathing the room in the soft light of the morning sun. At the center of the room Garro smiled like a man once again in his youth. To the east he saw a vast forest whose trees threatened to grow taller than his fortress. To the west and north rolled a bountiful sea once again filled with life. And to the south sat humanity. A vast city had sprouted and grew under his watchful eyes. With the death of the old ones Garro took what he could and built for his people. Places to rest, food to eat, and things to do. A busy man is a man whom has no reason to cause trouble. To regrow humanity from scraps was hard. But the technology of the fallen gods helped. It took a long time to understand it, but, like a dog with a bone, once humanity got an idea of something, they didn't stop gnawing til it was broken down and consumed.

Garro eased back into his throne, the vast cables and tubes connecting him to it receded into the vast machine. A content and joyful sigh escaping his aged lips. "Jefferies.... did I ever tell you of the old warlords and the gods?" Jefferies smiled a sad, but content smile, knowing his lord was finally starting to degrade in mind. "Yes my lord, as you do every morning. All know of the warlords and the long war we took part in."

"Ah! I see." Mumbled the aged man, his eyes shifting from the city of man to the vast forest and seas. "Did I ever tell you of what we did to this poor planet? The blades we turned upon it and it's life?" Jefferies response was more of the same. "Jefferies... what do you think will happen when I finally die... Will this world continue as I have left it? Or will we fall to greed and idiotic squabbles again? There are no other warlords... no great warriors whom lead the lines no longer." Garro turned to Jefferies, "Will my kingdom still be safe?" Jefferies smile was a knowing one and said only this "You will simply have to not die to find out than."

As the melencoly began to eat at Garro a great blaring sound began to roar that had not been heard in centuries. Warning klaxons blared within the fortress and along the city streets. For the first time in centuries felt something he had not felt in a while, rage. "I swear by the crimson god if those five armed slack jawed planet fuckers are in my orbit.. I WILL BLESS MY PLANET IN A RAIN OF THIER CORPSES!" Garro bellowed as he stood from his throne, rage filling him with renewed vigour. "JEFFERIES! GIVE ME VISUALS FROM OUR ORBITAL STATIONS!" With a nod a suited man stepped from his master's side and eased into a observation pit located under the throne. Already Garro was willing great gun batteries out from the planet's surface, pointing skyward like grasping fingers. The great throne the warlord of earth was bound to hummed with power as he began to exert with will over it.

Within the city civilians were running to shelters and public defense forces were rushing to battle stations. The wailing of the sirens meant one thing, skyward invasion.

Already the air in the throne room was filled with floating screens showing live feeds from stations that sat around Earth's orbit. A few feeds were blacked out, either by attack by this new force, or debrie, but it mattered not, for the warlord saw what he needed to. A vast armada had circled the planet. Garro grumbled to himself as he looked skward, to the heavens wishing he could see these new intruders with his own eyes. "I HATE COWARDS!" He yelled to his servant, "Hail these fool's and tell them of what happened to the last race that tried to touch humanity's planet." Already Garro was targeting each ship in orbit, the vast gun batteries shift and positioning through the will he exerted through his throne. Already he was feeling younger, his bones neither aching or creaking, his old scars long forgotten as the throne filled him with vitality and the prospect of a fresh war.

"Hail! A human like voice bellowed over the sirens." Garro flinched slightly hearing a strange and unfamiliar voice and accent. "We, the Lords of this world have returned. We bring blessed retribution against the Alien species that had chased us from this world. We bring the salvation of humanity!" Garro's arm twitched, a memory from a childhood nagged at him. "Ensure they receive this message Jefferies, I want then to hear this." The sounds of his sending beacons warming up was all the acknowledgement he needed.

"My name is Garro Val Rus, I am the lord of this world. My home has not seen those five armed freaks in a few hundred years. We cleansed their species from out planet and rebuilt from the scraps you left us. Now kindly fuck off or I shall give you my own blessing." Garro smiled to himself, already forgetting how old he was.

It was an hour  before Garro received a response, and he didn't like what he heard.

"Glorious news brothers, we have taken it upon ourselves to welcome you back within the folds of humanity. We ask simply for your loyalty and we shall protect you from all matter of harm."

"Protect us? From Harm? Listen here you cross eyed, limp legged, floating fucks. You left us behind to protect your asses as you ran from those twisted gods. You owe us. And I think we will take our pounds of flesh now." Garro dropped into his throne, several cables snaking up from the armrests and plugging into his flesh, painfully hooking into nerves. "Jefferies" A distinctively metallic voice rang over the sirens. "Cut the feeds." 

The distinct howl of anti matter cannons were heard, even within the bunkers that the civilians hid within. Already the defense forces were getting into their ships, preparing to board whatever survived the bombardment. In orbit the observation stations began to open like twisted lotuses of steel and guns. These new invaders wore the mask of humanity, but Garro remembered the past, he remembered who left. After the generations of work and suffering he would not let his planet once again be carved and consumed like a dying animal. 

Garro gave these new invaders his blessing. He reached out with his weapons and tore through them. The weapons his people made and improved upon from the corpses of gods that had chased these cowards away from their birthplace. Garro grinned to himself as he felt every cannon fire, felt every buckle of the vast towers. This was no war, it was a slaughter, but it was violence none the less. He could just imagine the smell of seared flesh and ozone as his gun batteries fired upon this invading force. 

Garro allowed himself to release his aggressions upon these invaders for only a few minutes. He opened the feeds to the orbital stations and invaders with but a thought. "Those of you whole still exist within orbit, know this. We are coming for you now. I have given you my blessing, just as you gave us when you left. My people will now board whatever scraps of wreckage you have left, and take from you what you took from us." Garro grinned, "Welcome home brothers and sisters, we missed you so." Already the warlord was willing the moon to open up. A dock opening and preparing itself for the undertaking of the century. Soon it will be filled with the scraps of ships to create into a new armada, and than Garro would have his final war.