During the selection process I was by no means the favourite candidate, over weight, a bit slow BUT previous attempts have revealed that only some people can travel through time so here I am, was, will be (fuck!) 

ANYWAY! My genes were in my favour plus as a PA to the director of the company I already had clearance and because this was (weirdly) a tightly scheduled affair (probably because of government pressure to stop) I was going to make history!

The experience of shifting through time had been described by previous survivors of the experiments as “a bit dull” or “little crackling noise and you’re done.” No one however, had been sent more than an hour into the future. 

The little crackling noise was accompanied by a flash of red light and what felt like a few seconds, but as the machine powered down and the “safe” lights came on the control panel, the light through the tiny porthole was still red and the room was eerily quiet. 

Gathering my thoughts and regaining orientation took a minute, upon landing I could add to the description of the sensation of time travel “like being flipped on your head” 

I gingerly opened the door to see everyone, every aid, scientist and even my boss, brutalised in some kind of frenzied attack, I remember throwing up in a nearby bin before looking around again, then throwing up some more. 

In blood, above the supervisors desk “SORRY” I was terrified, was the killer still here? Why did this happen? 

I decided to try the machines as yet untested function of travelling backwards so with only a basic understanding of the mechanics, I started pressing buttons, soon enough, I was hurled backwards but only 6 hours.

As I stepped out a second time, I was greeted by the team, suddenly, the director, having been the first to travel, freaked out, aggressive behaviour had been documented in other survivors as well owing to a swelling of madulla oblongata in those who’s genes didn’t quite match the requirements. 
He lunged at the scientists like an animal and tore the throat from the first with his teeth, he had locked the room so there was nowhere to run as he continued his attack. 

Reaching for some kind of weapon, my hand found a fire extinguisher and when he turned his attention to me I swung it with every ounce of strength I have and landed a clean blow to his head. 
Now semi conscious his aggression had seemed to subside and the realisation sunk in. Before I could stop him he reached for a gun and shot himself, his blood covered the porthole of the machine. 

I didn’t know what to do, the room was locked down, no one outside knew it existed and I had nothing, except the machine. I scrawled “sorry” in blood on the wall and entered again, this time setting it for the future, as far forward as I could go, I emerged one year later (or about a minute for me) a broken man, and face to face with an armed military guard,protecting the room and everything in it.

The experiment had been called off by MI6 and the FBI after the found the room, I am now nothing more than evidence. 