As a philosopher, you spend an awful lot of time on arguments around god. There are a couple that are especially elegant, and also help define parts of what it means to be God. Most people know the first; can God make a rock even He can't lift? Boggles the mind, usually starts someone up shouting, and after that most things stop making sense. Quick and easy.

The second one is a little more tedious, but starts simply. Some guy wakes up in the morning, we'll call him something inane like Epicurus, and goes to make some coffee. Or tea. Or maybe a letter. I would say a watch but this was a bit before watches, so probably not that. And while Epicurus is stumbling out of sleep to make something that's definitely not a watch, he stubs his toe. Poor guy goes straight from coffee to cussing, then to consternation.

Epicurus looks up, anxiety on his face and a slowly swelling toe in his hands, like a mean spirited parody of David. And stare as long as he might, the sky does not open to him. No long finger on a veiny hand, no great white beard, and not even some ashy bush. There's no allegory, accusation, or apology for that matter. He's just hopping on one foot, ruddy from the cursing and swelling, for nothing.

Now today that's pretty normal, but at the time people were slightly more likely to hold grudges or ask God or point fingers at the sky. I like to imagine this was how that all started to change. Epicurus put his foot down and got to work explaining what in the world just happened, writing something like this:

"Goddamn motherfucking shit. I think it's broken. Fuck, we don't even have pain killers. I'm gonna be walking on this shit all the way to town just to have some smart alleck tell me to pray it away or something," and here went something like a Greek elipses, followed by: "Yeah hey wait a minute. Why would I even be dealing with this if God could change it? Right? Unless He *wanted* me to break my little fucking toe, but that's not much better is it? I guess He could just not want to Or be able to, but then what's the big idea calling him god?"

And here we get another big argument. Either god is able to stop evil (a strong word for stubbed toes, I know, but this is how he put it down so I don't know what to tell you.) So either god is able to stop evil but is unwilling to, or he is willing but incapable, or he's both unwilling and incapable, but pretty much no matter how you spin this he's not much of a God at all. Of course what Epicurus, or for that matter anyone on the planet, didn't know was that God could in fact be all three!

One stout little bastard at the bottom of the robe giving directions, one in the arms doing all the heavy lifting, and a third at the top whose visage was of light, whose name was of truth, whose hands were of flame and arms of water. Simply put: one willing, one able, and one... well, one different from the other two, that's for sure.