When I was a boy, father left to get a jug of milk from the corner market. Not long after, I heard him at the door. “Mark! Mark! Would you come to the door? I must have left my key on the counter! Mark?” I ran as quickly as my little legs could carry me. I was about to go out to play Cowboys and Indians with the other kids on the block. I was kind‘ve a short, stocky kid, and not very good-looking, so the other boys always made me the Indian, but I decided to make the best of it. I had a piece of paper wrapped around my head with a barn-owl feather taped to the side, mud on my face and chest for war-paint, and the faded, hand-me-down blue jeans from the family next door. I’ll never forget that feeling. The happiness of an eight-year-old, with no reason to worry about anything more than a half-hour ahead. It’s the kind of happiness that makes a tragedy cut so deep. My father was getting impatient, and was starting to pound on the door. “Mark! Hurry it up!” I reached the door, and swung it open to find...nothing. I was taken aback, and I just stared out the entryway. After a beat, I took a step outside. “Dad?” I thought I had imagined it all, at least until I recognized his cologne. It was warm, bright, and distinctly his own. I could taste it, faintly, on the wind. That’s when I knew something was wrong. I didn’t know why, and I didn’t know how, but I knew that my father was gone.

It took days to get anyone to look for him, but the cops all decided he was just another man who abandoned his family. We moved away soon after, to live with my mother’s family in the country. I grew older, learned how to work the land alongside my cousins, married my high school sweetheart, and had three kids. I’ve found a way to move past my father’s disappearance, through my work, and my family. But every year, on the anniversary, I pour a glass of whiskey, sit back in my chair, and think back to that day. Today marks fifty years, and I’m ready to reminisce. I’m about to take a sip of my drink when I smell it. The cologne. My eyes grow wide as I fill my lungs with it. I want to move, but my muscles are bound. Everything is still, but for a single teardrop, broken free and running down my wrinkled face. The door opens, my glass falls, and I turn my head just enough to see him walk in, his eyes on his old leather wristwatch. He has a smile on his face, and he says, “Well, silly me, the door was open the whole time.” 

He turns his head up, and he sees me.

In that moment, frozen in time, we wait for the other to say something. The smile falls from his face, and fear enters his eyes. The fear begins to turn to anger, and he opens his mouth to speak. I whisper, “Papa.”

He falls to his knees, aghast in recognition, and I turn to stand, but my legs won’t carry me. I crawl toward him, and raise my trembling hand, tears flowing freely. “Papa.” I touch his cheek, and feel his skin. He takes my hand, numbly, and reaches out to pull me in. I fall to pieces in my father’s arms, and he holds me tight, rocking back and forth. “My boy,” he cries. “My boy.” Through the tears, I say, “You weren’t there, Papa. I opened the door and you weren’t there. Why did you leave?” I open my eyes, and he’s gone. I’m left alone on the floor, rocking back and forth, clutching the air.