Look, it's not hard. Slap some paint on a canvas and name it after some social movement. Fucking Jackson Pollock did it right? That fucker just threw paint like it was nothing! But you see, this is why I had to go back to school. Literally, there are millions of artists out there. I did have some success but once I got married and had a family I was only inspired to paint my life. Yes. Yes, I do like painting my kids and family. No! It's not sad at all. Why would you think that? Because kids grow up so fast? Eh. It happens. And believe me, getting them to sit still long enough to do a quick sketch could drive anyone crazy. I think that's why I decided to learn psychology. I like the idea of helping people out. It does take a lot of my time being here with you but I know my family understands. Little David did really well in the school play! I didn't film it, I painted it! It was really quick. I guess inspiration works like that. 

No I'm just here real quick. If it doesn't bother you I just wanna talk about the things I've been painting lately. With all these classes I take here of course I'm going to try to diagnose myself with something right?! HAHA But I'm sure it's nothing. I've been painting a lot more now. Thing is, it's getting kind of macabre. Even for me. I'm struck by these same images. And they do make me want to hug David even tighter at night. And I started taking a new vitamin for energy. Now I'm not really sure if this is it or not but it's like I'm able to even work in my sleep. It probably causes some weird shift like that one time in college I got drunk and did all my laundry without even remembering. I'm sure it's that right?

Oh look at me just talking and talking. You're the professor, I'm sure you are busy with many other students. I just wondered if you had any idea what this could be. I've been trying to analyze the paintings myself but they are just taking such a dark turn. David even died in one! Of course I didn't show him that one and got rid of it as fast as possible. No they've never been that dark. NO. I don't think anything like that could have happened. What's wrong with you? Don't even speak like that. DO NOT PUT THAT OUT THERE. I'm very superstitious. I destroyed those paintings. Do not lecture me about reality. Clearly your school is not accredited. I will be writing a complaint. I do not like the tone you are taking with me. You're disgusting.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pt arrived for session today. Appeared manic but rather jovial considering her circumstances. Last month pt asked to be placed in art therapy group. She had been doing well, painting fond memories and able to talk openly about her family. Seroquel dose was raised to 200mg PO each evening. Pt appears to have had some regression at weekly meeting today. Orderlies had warned that she was living in a delusion like state, this included talking about her family as if they were alive. I attempted to reason with Pt, however she refused to let go of delusion. Pt believes that family is alive and well at home and that the facility is some sort of school. Pt prefers to refer to staff as 'professors' and fellow patients as 'students'. It is recommended that Pt is refused access to art therapy and that her medications be changed to reflect the severity of her delusions. Standing orders for up 4mg valium PO and 5mg Haloperidol IM if patient continues to display erratic and dangerous behaviors.   