I call myself a forgotten god but that would be an understatement.
For now I’m reduced to nothing.
‘Nothing? Hmm that would be rude to the mortals for I am everything a mortal is right now.’
Once, I soared the skies. My name rang peace and harmony in the ears of those who praised and worships me, I had the time of my life.
Now, I’m planting carrots and tomatoes and hoping that the harvest is gold.
I went from gold plated armor to an old raggedy cape that I sewn into a shirt and a blanket into pants. 

Loki. It was Loki the God of Mischief.
He saw what I had that he didn’t and he was jealous of it.
You see, back then when I reign supreme, Loki was still a small time god. People’s malicious prayers were answered by him but the quantity was so little it makes him nothing more than a lesser deity.
He scorned his position and he always glared at me during the council of gods. 
I knew he never liked me but I never expected him to be so underhanded.

It was during Christmas, my special day.
I received prayers from every corner of the world in celebratory of my birth and it made me strong.
I could want nothing more but to grant wishes of those who begged, to free those who suffered and to feed those who hungered. 
That’s exactly what led to my downfall. 
While I granted wishes, Loki tailed my back and cruelly culled my followers one by one.
By the time the clock struck 12, it was already too late.
I could feel myself gradually weakening, so much so to the point it was getting difficult to stand. 
With that said, I obviously did not have enough power to conjure a portal back to the pearly gates.

‘Huff huff’ I panted and I laid on the ground to catch my breath.
‘What seems to be the problem my lord?’ The raspy voice of a handsome young man could be heard from my back.
‘L-Loki! What are you doing here? Never mind that... Bring me back to heaven, I’m too weak to do it myself. Bring me to my father.’ I panted as I said.
‘Aren’t you the greatest god there is? Do it yourself. Oh! I see you can’t! Everyone has forgotten about you. What’s a god with no followers again?’ Loki teased.
‘M-Mortal... Loki you bastard, what have you done?’

Loki was furious, I could tell from his eyes glowing green and his nails lengthening into claws.
‘What have I done? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!’ He screamed.
‘All this time I’ve endured being a lesser deity because you, YOU GAVE THE WORLD SO MUCH HAPPINESS THAT NO ONE WAS PRAYING TO ME. Hey, I’m sorry old man but this trickster demands balance and equality! So I did just that with your frail followers.’
Loki let out a villainous snicker.
It was too late. I was anguished, anxious and angry.
I couldn’t find the words to speak as tears rolled down my cheeks and I clenched my fist full of the earthly dirt.
I didn’t know what to do. 
‘I want you to remember, to carve this feeling of powerlessness into your heart. This same powerlessness that I once felt.’
Loki left for the skies after looking at how pathetic I was, it was embarrassing.
The world fell dark and Loki gained massive strength due to the lack of peace and the uprising of mortal warfares. People would pray for their enemies to perish and that fueled Loki.
As for me, well I started plowing the lands to make ends meet.

Years past without anyone knowing about my true identity.
I was known as and only called Mr.Scruffy when I head down the mountain and sold my vegetable haul there.
Then came Christmas, my special day.
After a long hectic day of bargaining and dealing with thieves, I was ready to head back to my humble hut atop the mountain.
When I was scaling the earth I had a voice.
‘Please.’ It begged so earnestly.
‘Please help me, I have no one else to turn to..’
I could feel a tiny blink of my power surge back into my body. 
Without hesitation and using all that blink it provided, I left for the voice.
It was a frail little girl, she was holding tight onto a paper with my name written on it.
It almost seems miraculous that she was still alive due to her extremely boney figure.
‘What happened, my poor child?’
‘I’m starving, mama told me if I wished hard to this name, he would help me.’
‘Here I am to help, where is your mama?’
‘S-She’s dead.’
Loki... I don’t know if I would ever forgive that murderous god.
I took the bread and fish I had in my basket and offered it to the girl. I also took the responsibility to nurse her back to health with what I have left of my powers. I couldn’t have my last believer die on me.
It wasn’t long until she would run around the village spreading about the miracle and it wasn’t long before people, even if a little started praying to me once again.
The numbers steadily grew and so did my powers.
I took a deep sigh and smiled.
‘Now, I am ready to head back to heaven.’


—————————
The characters in this WP are not to represent any real life person.
Good night y’all.