Ms. Lilly Shoemaker walked through the glass door with confidence. It was rare for anyone to straighten my back when they approached, especially with the ability I inherited from my father. For years, I have always had the keen eye on anyone’s true intentions. This particular skill made it easy to confront the liars found in Washington holding hands with their fellow lobbyists. It has also made me a key subject for particular agencies, and above all else, it’s made it much easier to figure out where a specific date is going.

“Hello Mr. Walker.” Lilly extended her hand in invitation. I took a second to study her. She wore a midnight dress falling right over her knees. Her long legs were propped up by matching heels. I could tell she was also studying me through her rectangular glasses.

It only took me a moment to respond, “Hello Lilly.” I shook her hand firmly. We both sat looking at one another from across the table.

Lilly had been working for the newspaper for over a decade. She placed a notepad and a pen in front of her. “So,” she began, “let’s talk about the data collection.”

Given my ability, you can almost assume anyone who talked to me always had a guard against my knowledge of their true intention. It is what has made me – me. Lilly, however, did not have a guard. She didn’t slouch in her chair in mild fear. She didn’t nervously tap her foot against the hardwood floor, she never even bit her lip after the first few words in our conversation. She stared right into my eyes with the same level of confidence which I felt.

“Mr. Walker?” She asked for my response. “Do you have a comment on the data collection?”

We were the only ones within the city hall chamber. I understood her words, but they were different from what was being painted in strokes before me. She was playing me like an instrument. Having a plan of what notes to play but cautious of playing the wrong one.

In my silence, she nodded her head. “How long?” I finally replied in a calming voice.

“I’m sorry?” She leaned in, opening her notepad ready to write everything I had to say down.

“How long have you carried this secret with you?” I found her intention within seconds. She was after the truth. I’ve never met anyone carrying the same gift. It was as if both of our abilities danced in rhythm together the minute we both sat down.

Immediately, she stood up in horror. I watched the expression of her face wrinkle like an aged grape. “Oh my god,” she gasped. “it’s impossible!”

“How long have you had this ability?” I stood my ground wanting an answer. She didn’t reply to the question. She made for the door realizing that it had been locked from the outside. She quickly spun around with wide eyes.

I pondered for a moment. I wondered if she had been one of my *lost* siblings – or maybe- something else entirely. No matter what fate had written, it was up to me to amend it. I couldn’t have anyone walking about knowing my true intentions.

I slowly rose out of my seat when I watched her thoughts change rapidly. When her mental plan was to use the pillar decoration to break the window, I raced her to it. Her ability clashed with my own. We both tried to outplay one another as she shifted her thoughts away onto another object. She quickly shattered the window to escape.

She had trained her mind very well. I went to reach for her, but she slipped away into the street after tearing a piece of her dress along the window sill.

I didn't call after her. I tore down the curtain in order to hop out onto the sidewalk, avoiding my hands from being cut from the glass. Her pace slowed into a crowd of people crossing the intersection. She glanced back and caught my thoughts chasing after her.

I knew where she was headed. No matter how hard she tried to change her thought process, I caught on quickly to the pattern of her mentality. I knew every move she wanted to make before she made them.

She ducked her head, running down into the alley between two apartment buildings. I approached the alleyway with caution.

She was gone, or at least, it had seemed that way.

I took in a deep breath to help myself relax. I traced her thoughts stringing behind her. I could tell she had grown more nervous about my abilities matched with hers. I followed the strings to her being stuck in a dead end.

“You won’t get away with it.” She tried persuading me. “They will know why you have collected so much data on all of us.”

When I approached her, my intent revealed itself from its shadow. “There is nowhere you can hide from me.” I assured her.

She scrunched her brow concentrating on the image of me strangling her neck with my bare hands. I didn’t expect what would come next.

As I took a step to complete my intent, she called out, “Now!”

Armed men stormed up from behind, taking aim. I stood in confusion watching the smile stretch across her face. I couldn’t understand how she pulled it off. It seemed she had used her ability to cast false projections of fear in order to bait me.

I had never met anyone so clever before.

“We have you surrounded,” she snapped. A man kicked the back of my knee forcing me to the ground.

Out of everything, I knew without a doubt what would come next.

A man standing over me handed Lilly his rifle. She turned the rifle over pointing the stock down onto me. “Now,” she stated, “I finally got you.”

Everything I had forecasted was false. Her abilities were no match against my own. The unfamiliar feeling of fear grabbed hold of me. I knew every one of them sought after the truth.

She drove the stock of the weapon against my forehead, knocking me unconscious.

My vision fell to the ground, slowly fading.

For the first time, I didn’t know what would happen next.

***

&nbsp;


To read more of my stories, visit [13thOlympian](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian)