It was the day that everyone dread. Some call it d-day ,while others call it Judgment day. I like Judgment Day. It only happens once a year but that's not the worse part.....it happens on random. The government calls it a way to keep our society clean from those criminals. But we all know its away to kill unjustifiably. No one should be killed for accidentally dropping a  piece of paper , or crossing the road when you're not suppose to. But we can not do anything about it. For 100 years now its been going on and every year hundreds of people die from this Purge day.
  I was walking down the side walk passing the brown apartments in downtown manhattan,minding my own business going home from a long day of school,  and the only good thing was that tomorrow was the last day of being in that wretched place. I sigh and look as the little kids as they play hopscotch and smile. I cross my arms behind my head and look up towards the sky. Im waiting for that day. 

  As I get to my house i open the door and smell the delicious food that my mom makes. It brings a warm feeling like everything will be okay but the truth is , it's not. But still i let my naive mind free and have fun and enjoy this day. I walk pass the kitchen, in there was my mom and grandmother who both have already witnessed so much pain and suffering that day brings each year, i smell the food but keep walking straight to my door which i have to go through our long hallway before entering the last door at the end. I close it and sigh as i throw my backpack on my bed. I look at the time and it's barley five o'clock. I suppose I'll eat , take a shower , finish my homework and go to sleep. Except that once I'd leave my room it would never be the same. Once i got to the kitchen that dreaded noise. The sound that everyone knew and everyone hated came on. It said that this year annual event would now change. Now it would be a whole night and day that it last. I looked confused as much of the world is i'm sure of it. That would mean instead of just tonight it would be the whole day. 