I woke with a *BONG!*

The sound echoed in my ears, and sent me in a panic. I scrambled to my fee, and felt blood rush immediately to my head - everything went red and I almost fell over. Hands steadied me. 

"Easy, easy, mate," someone said. 

"Calm down, Alex, you're not dead, you're not dead."

Dead. I was dead. My hands immediately went to my stomach. Looking for the whole where the sword had impaled me. i'd known he was feinting right, I'd known it! But still the bastard had gotten me. 

But there was no hole.

I remembered to breathe again. I wasn't dead, I wasn't dead. Memories came rushing back, the ritual, the trip. Allie. 

"Oh thank Kos, he's breathing again," Liz said.

"So, mate," Mark said, putting a hand on my shoulder "how did the trip go for you?"

I looked around, taking in my surroundings. I was on some sort of mountain peak, standing on a platform that was about as big as a normal room. There were clouds in all directions around us, the only things on the platform were the three of us, our bags and a giant, gold metal disc suspended by three poles. It still vibrated slightly from the earlier "bong" it had made. And there was Allie of course. 

She lay on the wooden platform. Her eyes were closed - they had been for the past two stellar cycles. Her skin was a milky white, and her white hair fell down to her shoulders. Only her wings, a startling gold that were almost as big as her retained their color. The contrast against her pale skin and white hair was startling to say the least. 

I'd failed her again dammit. 

When I didn't answer Mark put his hand on my shoulder. "Sorry, mate," he said. I turned to look at him, his blond hair in disarray and the feathers of his wings rumpled. His blue eyes told me all I needed to do. He'd failed too. 

"She's gone, Alex, her soul is past the seventh gate by now, we can't bring her back," Liz said. 

She came in front of me and knelt down in front of me, putting her hands on my shoulders. Her green eyes looked into my eyes, her red hair and crimson wings adding to the effect. "She's dead, Alex, we tried. We came all the way to this mountain, we did the stupid ritual, but we failed. We've done all we could," she said, her words almost pleading. 

"No," I said, looking away from those startlingly green eyes. "I won't give up on her, Liz, I can't."

"She's dead, Alex," Liz said, shaking her head, "Permanently, now. We can't get her back."

I shook my head, indignant. "I'm trying again."

Liz closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her wings shuddered. When she opened those eyes again, all traces of sympathy were gone. She wasn't looking at me anymore, but behind me, at Mark. She nodded to him he did too, setting his jaw. 

"Well, do it alone, then Alex," Liz said. 

"Aye, mate," Mark said, "We've each gone down to the Nether three times now, we've been turned back and ejected every time. Let her go, mate. It's over."

I gaped at them. "You...you're giving up. After all those cycles, you're deserting her!"  

"We're letting go, Alex," Liz said, her voice soft. "That's not deserting her, that's moving on."

I clenched my teeth. "Fine, then, go. Go without me dammit, but I'm staying. I'm not giving up on her."

"Mate.." Mark began, but Liz shook her head. 

"We won't help you destroy yourself, Alex," she said, and gestured to Mark. "Come on, Mark. We're leaving."

Mark looked at me for a long moment, then nodded. "That we are." They both looked at me one last time before walking to the edge of the platform and flaring their wings, each as long as they were tall, and took off. 

They didn't look back. 

"Cowards," I said to Allie, stroking her hair. "I'll get you, love, I don't need them."

With that I hit the bong with the back of my fist, and lay down. 

*BONG!*

The last of the sound echoed in my ears as I was pulled back into the Nether to try to save not one soul, but two. 

***
(minor edits) 

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  