I walked into the room with my wife and kids at my side. We were ready to spend the next 100 years asleep. I turned to see my Alex, my daughter, scared.
“Hey, it’s going to be alright. You have nothing to worry about. I will be next to you the whole time.” 
She turns to me, wishing that she could believe me. I pick her up and kiss her on her head. She knows I love her and that I would never let anything bad happen to her. “But Dad, what if something does happen?”
“Nothing will happen, sweetie. If something does, I will come and save you.”
“O-ok, if you say so.”
We made it to our pods. The machines were showing us to our personal pods. I made sure my wife and son got into theirs first, then I hugged my daughter to show her that everything will be alright. I helped her in, and then I got into mine.
The pods started to freeze, storing our bodies. I closed my eyes, but I didn’t fall asleep. 
What’s going on? I should be asleep right now, but I’m not. I struggled to get out, nothing happened. 
A few hours have passed. I have been trying to sleep, but couldn’t. I heard footsteps. Someone was approaching. 
At last, I will finally be able to go to sleep. 
The footsteps we getting nearer. I saw some sort of metallic creature. It wasn’t a robot. I could see the internal structure of the creature. Bones, muscles, even blood. 
It turned towards my daughter’s pod. My adrenaline started to rise. I struggled. Trying to get out of the pod. Alex’s pod opened.
She was asleep. I yelled, “Get away from my daughter you fucking monster!!” 
It saw me and smiled. It knew that I cared about her. It knew that I wasn’t asleep. It bit into my daughter and sucked the life out of her. 
Alex started to dry out. The monster took its sweet time draining Alex’s life. I couldn’t do anything. I was trapped to see my daughter getting killed in front of me. 
After what felt like days of watching Alex die. It dropped a shriveled up person and left. I could get it laughing as it walked away. I wanted it dead, but there was nothing I could do.