Voidheart used to play a very important role in the city, and that was to stem the flow of superheroes coming out of the Academy. Back when superpowers first began to awaken, there were no distinctions between "hero" and "villian", there were the Powers and the Powerless. At first, the Powers had played mostly within the rules of society, using their powers for good and so on. But then the turf wars started to break out, and fights that destroyed whole city blocks were common place. The oldest of the powers, The Firstborn, held a summit that discussed what to do. It was decided that without clear threats to fight against, heroes would turn on each other; so the first Villians were made to become those threats. Tempest, Pyronius, and Voidheart became the first Villians, testing the mettle of future heroes and culling the herd of all those not worthy. Voidheart became particularly good at breaking new heroes with his set of powers. Everyone else had to deal with Tempest and Pyronius in more traditional encounters. 

That was, until Solace came into the picture. Fresh out of the academy, she seemed fairly generic. Flight, super strength, inhuman endurance, the ability to create strong flashes of light, nothing that Voidheart hadn't seen before. But when he assailed her mind with his strongest powers, she held together without even noticing his attempts. She flat out ignored half of his powers. The first encounter, this took him aback, causing his first real "defeat" as he fled to figure out what to do. The next few encounters involved attempting to break down these mental barriers, but he soon realized that it was pointless. Not because he couldn't do it, but because he didn't want to anymore. As the fights went on, Voidheart began looking forward to his next battle with Solace and felt strangely giddy when Solace admitted to the media that Voidheart was her chosen archnemesis. The battles became more and more theatrical between the both of them, and Solace herself began to issue public challenges to goad Voidheart into emerging.

Their last battle ended again with Solace as the victor. This time, he didn't need to fake a limp as he was arrested; she had given him quite a wallop. Next time, he'll have to be a little less gentle, drive up the tension a bit. He lay in the rubble of a park statue, waiting for S.W.A.T. and the police to arrive so he could make his grand exit, complete with a "This isn't over, my little firefly!" She liked it when he called her his firefly. Solace was in the middle of her hero monologue, when Voidheart noticed that the sky was growing far more grey than the weatherman said it should. 

Solace didn't expect the lightning bolt from behind. It threw her forward several hundred feet and slammed her into a garbage truck. The thunder pealed loudly and hung in the air as Tempest showed herself above the seen.

"I've had quite enough of this nonsense, Voidheart." Her voice crackled with ozone and malice. "Do your job and finish her off. She couldn't best me or Pyronius, so that means she has to go, no matter how much you like her."

Voidheart threw off his act and rose into the air to meet the Coldfront Queen. "Regardless of what you think my job is or is not, Solace hasn't upset the balance of the Powers. She has every right to stay." 

Tempest threw another bolt at Solace as she attempted to get up. Tempest wasn't intending to do any real damage to Solace; just enough lightning to keep her stunned. It was obvious she was going to force Voidheart to finish of his archnemesis. 

"You will kill her, or Pyronius and I will do it for you. And we don't have the ability to do it gently, like you do."

Voidheart ground his teeth until he tasted blood. Tempest laughed and launched another bolt, this one garnering a painful cry from Solace. "You've grown weak old man, fighting two-bit heroes like this. Once you were the scourge of the earth, the most powerful of The Firstborn. Now look at you. Peddling a cheap show to mere insects." Another bolt, another scream. Citizens were screaming and running at the sight of two Supervillians, not understanding what was going on.

"Tempest, you will leave this very instant, or I will remind those legends were started." 

The Coldfront Queen laughed. "You can't do anything, old man. Your powers are worthless against me now. I've fought against the best and brightest this city has to offer, and you're stuck playing with the scraps off my table." She turned and headed down to where Solace lay. 

Suddenly Tempest's world went completely black. No light, no sound, smells, touch, nothing to connect her to the world. Fear began seeping into her mind, replaying the most cruel memories of her life, tormented images of what was and what could be. Voidheart knew exactly what strings to pull on Tempest; he knew where her deepest, most festering scars were. This is what made him the most feared man on the planet, the strongest Power ever to show itself. Voidheart fed on and used the darkest emotions in all humans; loneliness, despair, hopelessness, and depression. He turned their very minds against them, often inflicting such horrors that those who stood against him committed suicide shortly after the encounter. This is how he culled the recruits; quietly and effeciently.

He simply broke Tempest's mind with guilt, fear, and anger. She fell to the ground, landing with a sickening crack, and lay still. Mere seconds had passed since she turned away from Voidheart, but The Shadowmaster had fully awakened his powers for the first time in a long time. Darkness leaked from his body forming a cloak of fear, tendrils of despair, and an aura of hopelessness. 

"V...Voidheart?"

Solace had stood back up, staring now at the full might of her nemesis. Voidheart the Shadowmaster, strongest of the Firstborn, killer of thousands. Too late, did he realize that his attack on Tempest also broke down Solace's mental barriers. The image of his true form was now etched into her mind, tinged with fear and guilt over her escapades with him. She flew off, eyes shut to try and block out the scene.

Voidheart cried, and the darkness around him swelled. Solace was the first in a very long time to bring light to his eternal darkness. And now he had snufffed that candle out. 