u/numbers909 ok no worries, how about this:

It was black. The sound of absolutely nothing pierced my eardrums as if there was an infinitely high pitched tone passing through my very skull. My skin was void of sensation, and smell or taste remained absent. My breathing had disappeared yet I wasn't drowning. It was disorienting.

It had been about 10 minutes since they closed me in here. I remember the chamber doors closing as I was lowered into some fluid, exactly the temperature of my body.

They told me it would take a few minutes for the freezing to occur, and that I probably wouldn't feel a thing. They had hooked me up to so many IVs and electrodes I figured I would be out like a light.

And yet, the faint sounds of trickling water had disappeared a little while ago. I kept wondering when I was going to fall asleep.

They had told me not to move a muscle. They had told me to close my eyes. The had told me to relax, and that everything was taken care of.

And still, I could think. I was fully conscious. After 10 minutes of no stimuli, I started seeing random faces pop up in front of me. They looked so real, but I knew my eyes were closed.

A deep feeling of panic rose up to my conciousness. The type of panic you feel when you realize something is very, very WRONG. Yet this feeling didn't originate in my body. The typical response of adrenaline, anxiety, energy through all of my limbs and the pit in my stomach which was supposed to accompany my mental state was just... absent. It was as if I had no body, no sensations, and no feelings.

I tried to move. I squirmed, I sat up, I ran, and I cried. I waved my arms all around and punched myself in the face. No matter what I did, there was no stimuli. I could move every muscle and yet there was no reaction, no resistance, and no contact with anything.

My mind raced. Random images flowed through my mind's eye like some endless fractal. I flew through intangible tunnels of light as time and space warped all around me. Spiders. A lamp. A curving, looping road. Mountains smaller than me, and ants larger.

I lost track of time. Going in and out of hallucinations, I began to lose all sense of sanity. Who was I? Where was I? When was I?

There were brief periods when the hallucinations stopped and I could think clearly. I analyzed my situation - clearly something had gone wrong. Had I died? Was this hell? I was floating through an endless universe of nothing - not even blackness, just nothing. I tried to find something to grab onto, anything. I looked around for sound, and listened for light.

Cycles upon cycles, lifetimes upon lifetimes, I wandered the recesses of insanity. How long had it been, I wondered. 5 years? 100 years? 500?

Sometimes the hallucinations stopped and I fell into unconsciousness. During those times I was only aware of one thing - cold. I wasn't cold, IT was cold. There was no me, no I any longer. 

God showed me the universal truth of nothingness and I surrendered to it. Time and space were illusions of the mind.

Time doesn't exist in eternity. Infinite lifetimes passed; I lived the life of a butterfly, an elephant, a farmer, a stone, and a businessman. Feelings and thoughts were ephemeral vortexes of causality and I bore witness to them all at once.

Then something was.

A break in nothing. A spear puncturing the perfect tranquility of absence. It was electricity.

I saw a network of light, a web of neuronal connections light up in an explosive fireworks show. It was the inside of a brain. 

Zap. Zap. Zap. The connections were firing more intensely, more rapidly, and time began to collapse. Each end of time separated in either direction and was stretched like a piece of taffy.

I latched onto the zapping like an infant suckling a teat.

Then I felt it. It was as if my awareness was torn from below, grabbed by a body and a mind and shackled to a specific point in space. Pain flooded into my consciousness and overwhelmed me with feelings. I remembered what arms and legs were. I fit back into my body as if it were a glove, enveloping me in searing hot oil.

Suddenly a sensation pulsed through every fiber of my being and a thump in my chest exploded with the sound of rushing water.

Then again. And again. With each thump, pain washed over my body and felt like millions of needles pierced my skin. The pain was far worse than anything I had experienced in all my lives.

Time moved achingly slow. I was being brought back to life, I was being unfrozen, I had been in an experiment; a cryo-something. I began to think in words again.

I opened my eyes. In the blackness I could see something. A door. The door opened and light poured in to my pupils. It burned and I instinctively wanted to turn away, so I moved my neck muscles for the first time in eternity. I lifted my hands and felt the cold air leak in to my skin. *I* was cold.

A cacophony of agony played all around me. Drips of water were as loud as rushing waterfalls, the sound of a synthetic beeping were mortal screams, and the clink of metal was a gong.

I was raised through the doors and into the light. A human standing next to me had on white clothes and held a syringe. Bags of fluid, tubes of red and white, and wires of all colors tangled out of my body.

"WELCOME BACK" the man yelled in my ears.

Tears streamed out of my eyes as i wiggled my toes and fingers and felt the agonizing movement on my skin - blissfully torturous.

The man reached to my mouth and slowly removed something enormous from inside my chest. I vomited it up and for the first time I gasped and inhaled thick hot air into my lungs. I sputtered, coughed, and choked as I regained control of my diaphragm.

I tested my voice.

"H-" a coughing fit possessed me.

"H-How long" I forced out with a rasp between coughs.

"Well we went slightly over our original timeline," he said as he looked at his wrist.

"It was about one hour and three minutes. You're a real trouper!"