Ixy scratched her cheek, ignoring the slime as it stuck to her hand. She needed to finish her check ins for the night. 
"Dammit Ix I told you maintenance is getting tired of cleaning up your slime! Now where are you with your checks!" Her derpy manager said as he waddled over 
"Just waiting on Wex and Keller. Every one else has checked in. I'm not on shift this week since the closet door was left open again. I miss the little monster already." Ixy sighed grabbing a towel from her drawer to dab at her desk. She really did miss her "charge". But the closet door was left open and thus she couldn't teleport into the closet. It defeated the purpose to be in the closet. The whole heart pounding terror was because her charge didn't know for sure if she was in there or not. 
"Ixy! Ix, IXY!!!!' Wex' s panicked voice sounded from across the quad. Both Derp, not his name but managers were a dime a dozen around here so Ixy never bothered to remember his name, and Ixy turned to look at the hulky spike studded monster. 
"What's wrong Wex?" Ixy asked as he skidded to a stop in front of her. 
"Bentley... hes gone! We can't find him. His house is a mess too!" Wex sobbed. Ixy froze. 
"You aren't supposed to go poking around their houses your incompetent fool!!" Derp spat and Ixy rose from her chair the ever present slime gone from her body. Her cherry red red eyes burned with an emotion no one seemed to be able to describe. Derp shook in his boots as her towering form made its self apparent. Wex looked away knowing what would happen next and sure as shit Ixy snapped him up like a cat would with a bird. Ixy didn't like it when people yelled at her coworkers, which is why managers were a dime a dozen around here. 
"Now now Wex, what's going on?" She cooed after licking her fingers clean. 
"Bentley. Hes gone. He should have been in bed by now. You know Mrs. H is a stickler for bed times. But from his bed the entire room was a disaster. So I crawled out to see more and his entire house was trashed. Ix.... there was blood." Wex whimpered. Ixy' s eyes burned brighter. 
"Come Wex, Bentley needs some help. Hes our charge to scare. Not some asshole. Keller will be fine on his own tonight." Ixy said her dark form striding across the room to the portals that lead to children's rooms all across the world. Wex scurried after her, his worry for Bentley at the fore front of his mind. 