"And there you have it, folks, the queen is dead." The newscaster reported on the TV above the bar. "I repeat, the queen is dead.  She has passed away at the incredible age of one hundred and twenty four.  Surely a sight to beheld, our queen, the majesty of the  royal household, after a magnificent wonderful life, has deceased, and is no longer--.  I say she is no longer with--.  Uhh, please wait a moment.  I'm being told to uhh---" 

"It's about bloody time." An old man grumbled. As he finished his pint the news reporter scrambled to listen to new information coming over his news piece.

"I'm being told--" The news reporter continued.  "I'm being told there's been a mix up of sorts?  The queen's status has been changed to stable.  I say again, the queen is in stable health and alive.  I'm absolutely flummoxed."

"What!?" The old man gargled through his beer.

"It wasn't her time." A waitress said flatly as she served the man another glass of beer.

"A statue fell on 'er head." He blurted out.  "We all saw it live on TV.  She was deader than cold rabbit porridge."

"Oy, you should be glad your queen is alright." A man yelled from the corner of the bar.

"All hail the queen." A woman added to applause from others holding their drinks in the air.

"She's not the queen.  She's the devil!" The old man screamed to laughter just as the reporter began to speak again, "Absolutely astonishing, ladies and gentlemen, we have just been informed the queen is now addressing the people live. We now go live... to the queen."

"Bloody hell." The man said coldly as he stared at the screen frightened.

"Hello all!" The queen screeched followed with a giggle.  "I hope you are all well on this happy, pretty day.  Well.  Some of you may have heard a silly little rumor swirling about.  Let us not be so quick with conclusions when clearly the evidence right in front of you contradicts them.  I must be going now.  G'day mate."

"Wait.  What was that she just said?" The bewildered man asked the bar, but no body responded.  "She just said _g'day mate_." The man pleaded.

"No I didn't." The queen seemed to respond.  "I did not say g'day mate.  A queen does not say these things."

"Did she just speak to me?" The man said drunkenly as he squinted at the television.

"Sit down now.  Stop making such a fuss.  Please, enjoy your pint." The queen said with eerily precision.  "Have another delicious pint and relax your mind."

"No, this isn't right. Something's wrong." The man said confused.

"Nothing's wrong." The queen responded plainly as the bar began to go dark.

"This.  This isn't real?" The man said as his words seemed to echo in the now empty bar with only a television as the light source.

"What's real?" The queen said condescendingly.  "That the queen lived to be one hundred and twenty four? Come now, have another pint."

A state of shock overtook the man who slowly sat down in front of his full beer and began drinking again.  The bar came back to light and the queen resumed her address to many instead of one. 

"Something wrong with the pint?" The waitress inquired.

"How did the queen live to be one hundred and twenty four?" The man mumbled to himself.

"A hundred and twenty four?  Are you daft?" The waitress responded.

"It's 2050 and the queen is 124." The man said louder.

"Alright love, you've had enough." The waitress said as she took the pint from the old man's hands.

"The queen was born 124 years ago.  It's 2050! She said g'day mate!" The old man screamed as he was led out of the pub by two men.

"Crazy bloke." The waitress said as she cleaned up the mess.