Greg trod along the white, sterilized corridor, his feet making massive thumps that were audible to the guard standing at attention roughly one hundred feet away, besides the ‘Dangerous Persons’ sign in front of a dull grey metal door. The door looked like iron, very old iron. Several of his twenty or so guards were visibly sweating, fingering their guns idly, watching him like you watched a lion on safari. Greg licked his lips, smirking. 

The warden followed behind, courageous in the line of duty, as ever. His jowls hung heavy, but his eyes were heavier still. Greg Kerr was only 5 foot 9, yet had killed almost fifteen cops in one of the most brutal shootouts in modern history. Over the robbery of a popular donut store for off-duty police, no less, which Greg apparently decided was the perfect target. 

Heavily muscled, supposedly he’d never used steroids, he was quickly dubbed by the media as ‘White Luke Cage’. Obviously, they caught him using security cam footage, and hit him with almost 5 Tasers simultaneously after tracking him down. It barely did the job. Life imprisonment took a record-low time of deliberation for the judge. 
Now, he was the warden’s problem, and like all good ass-coverers, he decided to put him in the best place possible: The ‘FunMax’ as it was dubbed, the sealed area of the prison where nobody except the crazy, deluded or occasional jihadist resided. People went in, nobody came out, and the government didn’t ask any questions. Neither did the warden. The people here were problems the government didn’t want to deal with. 

The guard ahead opened the metal door. The warden blinked in surprise. There was nobody in view. The visible bunk beds were empty, dust practically blanketing them. The whole place looked…eerie, almost seeming to have a dreamlike quality. Then again, considering the thing he thought lived there, he truly pitied the souls of the men he sent here. Greg laughed.

“I didn’t realize I was getting a whole section of the prison to myself, does anybody want to join me?” he winked at one of the more attractive female guards. She glared back, and gave him the finger. Greg started laughing harder, wiping tears from his eyes. “Seriously man, if I thought you’d be this nice to me I would have done this a long, long time ago.” 

The warden didn’t smile. He hadn’t for twenty years, after hearing the screams of the first few prisoners he’d sent down here. He indicated to the line of iron embedded below the door into the floor. 

“Cross that line, Greg, and this ward is your playground. If you survive in here for three months, you are a free man” the warden intoned, eyes pleading with Greg to refuse, to ask to be sent upstairs. Greg, sadly not known for his abundance of brains, was oblivious to the warden’s hints.

“Nah man, fuck that shit, I got everything I need right here” he practically sang as he skipped over the iron line. The warden winced, turning away. The government would have its wish. 

“Close the door” he instructed the guard. The door closed with an ominous thud. Greg grinned. Suckers. Three months? Hell, he’d dealt with ten years of school, hadn’t he? He turned around, only now noticing, with a fearful glance around, that nobody was in the ward.

“Hello? Is anyone there?” he shouted, hands cupped around his mouth. His breathing started to come faster. This place wasn’t…right. It didn’t feel like it was on this planet. “Nah, I’m the baddest motherfucker there is, hell I can take fifteen pigs down without a single scratch” he boasted, mostly to himself. He walked through the rows of bunkbeds, searching for any signs of life, newly confident. His footsteps echoed through the ward. 

The row of bunkbeds ended, and the area was connected to the rest of the ward by a long, well-lit corridor. Greg started to walk along it. One of the lights flickered. Greg stopped. “He-hello? Seriously guys stop fucking with me” he shouted into the corridor. He could hear his voice echoing through the hall, as if he was shouting into a vast canyon. Greg shivered. He kept walking, towards the food preparation section. The door to it was locked. He swore.

“Ok you asshole, you’d better stop this shit or you’ll be sorry” his voice quivered at the end. This place was seriously creepy. The light behind him, closest to the iron door he’d exited from, flickered. This time it turned off completely. Greg swore again, and slammed his foot down on the handle. If he smashed it open fast enough, he could break through. If anyone was strong enough, it was him.
The light right after the switched off light flickered, and then switched off. Greg’s swearing was coming faster and more high-pitched now. Greg’s kicks increased in intensity. The next light along flickered and turned off, and the next after that. The handle finally broke, and Greg almost sobbed in relief. The door swung open. Greg rushed in and slammed the door behind him. For a moment, there was only the sound of Greg’s heavy breathing. 

Then, Greg made the fatal mistake of looking around. A strangled scream tore its way out of his throat. There were several cocoons of white silk scattered around the kitchen. Several cocoons also swung from the ceiling. The atmosphere in the kitchen was almost suffocating. Greg controlled himself, barely. He went over to inspect one, forgetting the door. He pulled apart some of the silke covering the figure. It was a skeleton, its jaw opened in a silent scream. 

“Fuckfuckfuckohfuckjesushelp” he practically screamed, jumping away from the skeleton. Panicking, he dashed for one of the corners of the room. The light flickered. Greg curled up into a ball, whimpering. The light went out.

“Do you like games, mortal?” crooned a soft voice in his ear. Greg screamed. 



