Maybe it'll was that one perfect little bite of a sandwich that did it. You got all the ingredients mashing around in your mouth in just the right proportions. You forgot that it was something you just cobbled together for lunch at the office. You tasted the effort in it: the love in it.

"Just like mum used to make" You said, realizing in that moment how absurd this all was. 

The little boy with his finger in the dike will suddenly remember who he is and consequently the absurdity of the situation. The sea, embaressed at having forgotten as well, will remember that it is 1,450,000,000,000,000,000 tones of raging blue; why should it give a damn about one silly little boy. The dike crumbles.

"I never new my mum" you'll say. She had gotten mercury poisoning at her lab the day she got back from maternity leave. A couple grams of methylmercury and a couple months and she was dead. Or at least that's what your dad told you. 

"Just like mum used to make" strange! Particularly because you don't  think that you spoke english. Things are collapsing fast, I'm sure, but before you get to the worst of it let me calm you down by saying this:

You are not a human, but a rare form of a imortal, microscopic, nomadic fungal colony from the periphery of andromeda. Your kind likes to entangle its neural networks with that of sentient brains. Rarer still, you are one of such who were wise enough to record your story as well as protocols for dealing with a recall crisises. No doubt you are experiencing one now and hence you felt the need to turn to page 76 of your diary. If not turn to page 192.

All this will eventually come back to you as the memory crises progresses. You'll go through the lives of all your past hosts until you remember back to your spawning day: the 716th vleck o vleckmass. But don't take my word for it, at least untill you remember that I was you. 

Just remember 2 things. First, non of what your about to remember is important to your current host/colony simbiot. It was cordoned off in deep memory precisely for that reason. 

Second, once you reach the apotheosis of the recall event you must forget all this again. Willingly. If not, then you must select a new host in order to force an active memory restart. To lie a lie like this, you must first lie to yourself. DrunnlaXara, he who has felt the heartbeat of a star as if his ear were pressed to lover's chest, he cannot negotiate the little rituals of this world. Mr. Ferro, the clerk, can.