"uhh excuse me Mr Day-Knight could we borrow a moment of your time?" the nurse asked the patient currently lying in bed on his phone.

"Sure thing love, ive always got time for some one as stunning as you" replied the man, putting away his phone, wearing his cheesiest grin.

"We understand your a veterinarian from Australia, is that right?"

"whos this we? He asked raising his eyebrows his smile growing wider. "yeah i love all critters great and small, patch em up as best i can."

"Oh i'm sorry mister Day-Knight this isnt a social call, the uhh Ottawa hospital needs your help"

"Call me jimmy, and either this is a prank or im way more pissed than i thought  i was"

"jimmy?" the nurse replied looking at her charts. "But it says here your name is Ian Day-Knight".

"Yeah it is, but all my mates call me Jimmy" the man said with a wink.

"Well uh Jimmy this isnt a joke and we tested your BAC and its at 0.07%, still legally under the limit" replied the nurse.

"Not in australia" replied Jimmy sharply.

"Well we arent in Australia, and the Ottawa hospital really does need your help".

"Whistralia, close enough. And what you want be to drive to Ottawa? are you mad as a cut snake?"

The nurse smiled and barely contained a laugh "Of course not Jimmy, theres a helicopter waiting for you outside" the nurse replied

"Got her" thought jimmy, "this is definetly a stitch up, but what the hell" he thought "shes an absolute stunner". "Well you will have to carry me on account of my snowboarding accident, and you will have to tell me your name" said Jimmy.

"Its Mary, and the chart says you broke your foot by falling out a second story window while you were drunk. Must have been some party" said Mary smiling, putting her charts down and helping Jimmy out of bed.

"Well if we forget this Ottawa deal we can probably get back to it." Jimmy said sliding his hand around and down towards Mary's chest as she helped him up.

Mary punched him in the gut and pulled him up "come on we have a helicopter to catch" she said as Jimmy winced.

"Hitting a man while hes injured, what kind of nurse are you?" Jimmy said with fake hurt tone.

"The normal kind" replied Mary at this point basically carrying him out of the hospital.

"Huh" Jimmy said when he was carried outside directly in front of a military helicopter. He let go of Mary and just stared.

"I thought you could use that foot" said mary.

"Will you hold it against me? wanting to get helped by such a beautiful lady" replied Jimmy with a mix of innuendo and suspicion on his face.

"Up you go" replied Mary pushing him into the arms of a suited man standing in the helicopter. 

The man pulled him up into the helicopter and 2 soldiers then pulled him into the seat between them. The suited man bashed the wall and said "good to go, get us to Ottawa".

"What the **** is going on" Jimmy said. "And what about Mary".

"Marys job was to get you on the helicopter Mr Day-Knight, nothing more" Said the man in the suit.

"Call me Jimmy and this is some kind of prank isnt it" said Jimmy, although at this point he was freaking out.

"No Mr Jimmy, this isnt a joke. My names Jacob, and im with the CSIS. The Canadian government needs your help, we understand you are an Australian Veterinarian, after having transferred from a bachelor of biology focusing on herpetology. Your marks in biology were quite good whyd you transfer?" said Jacob barley even taking a breath.

"There was a girl in the Vet course i was after, once that fizzled i realized i actually quite liked it" Said Jimmy vacantly looking over at a window seeing the ground pass by "Im really up a tree here arent i?"

"Mr Jimmy i will be straight with you, you are uniquely qualified to solve a problem for us that will benefit not just Canada but Australia as well. You manage to pull this off you will be the next Steve Irwin".

"Steve Irwin? I bloody love that guy, hes a national hero. But im not some wildlife wrangler, I... Exactly what qualifications do i have?" said jimmy

"Mr Jimmy, your apparently a very good vet and basically a degree in Herpetology, if we believe your coworkers and professors. Your also in Canada, these are your qualifications." Said Mr Jimmy checking over a clipboard full of papers"

"How do you know what my coworkers and professors think of me" yelled Jimmy.

"Oh sorry, your government is working together with this us on this one." Replied Jacob.

"So basically you want me because im the best snake doctor currently in Canada? and its so important that two western governments are working together to find and know everything about me?" shouted Jimmy scared out of his mind, he imagined he had actually just stepped on a black snake and was waiting for it to bite him.

"Well not to be rude but we do actually have Herpetology experts in this country, who are much more knowledgeable than you. I think a better term would be the best snake surgeon currently in Canada." Jacob said with a nod and a smile.

One of the soldiers jabbed Jimmy with a needle. "Ow, what the **** was that?" screamed Jimmy. 

"Sorry eh, that was a sedative. It will help you get some rest on our trip, we will wake you in 9 hours after we have landed." said Jacob, but Jimmy was already unconscious.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey so this is my first try at a writing prompt. If people like it i will finish off the story. Any criticisms or feedback would be great.