"Oh Thor, I beseech thee, please appear in my hour of direst need." Having completed the necessary offerings, Oleg Svensson hoped the deity would appear. He'd never experienced such dire circumstances, he hoped no one would ever know such need. 

He heard a loud thunderclap, and a swirling mass of mist appeared before him. The mist dissipated, revealing none other than Thor himself. He towered over Oleg, standing well above 7 feet tall, long blonde locks flowing impressively in the light wind. 

"Mortal, I am most impressed. Few would have completed the difficult and frankly tedious steps to summon me, certainly not in the last thousand years. So I must ask, why have you summoned me?" 

"Oh most noble Thor, I thank thee for coming." Oleg fell to his knees. 

"Do not thank me, mortal, you have summoned me. By the rules of the binding, I shall grant thee one wish. But that will have a price." 

"Please," Oleg said, clasping his hands together. "My son, Matthias. The doctors cannot cure him and they fear he may not survive. Please, to have a child die before their life has ever begun is the most cruel fate the universe can visit upon someone." 

The Norse deity rubbed his chin. "Very well, mortal. I shall cure your child of what ails him and grant him a natural life. In exchange, a day may come where I may call upon him to stave off Ragnarok." 

"Oh, thank you, Thor. Thank you!" Oleg said. By happenstance, he glanced at his watch. 6:23. 

&nbsp;


Fatima Svensson stared at the lit incense candles, the light seemed foggy and distorted through her tear stained eyes. Long hours she'd laboured to deliver him. Years of failed relationships before finding the right man to raise a family, the man who's do anything for a loved one. They'd finally brought life into the world, and now it was being taken away before it had ever truly begun. The universe was cruel. She uttered a silent prayer, opening her eyes she briefly spied the clock, 6:23. 

"I have been summoned." She was startled by a strange voice emanating from behind her. She turned and was shocked to find none other than Isis standing before. 

"It has been some time. Much has changed, yet much remains the same." 

"Please, Isis. I beg of thee. My husband and I are desperate." 

"What troubles you mortal." 

"My son Mathias is scarcely a week old but already he may die. Please, save his life." 

"Very well," Isis said with scarcely any hesitation. "I shall cure your son of what ails him and grant him a mortal life. However, the day may come where the pantheon requires him to fight against Amun." 

"Thank you, Isis. Anything so that we may see him grow and live his life." 

The deity nodded and then dissipated. 

&nbsp;

Fatima and Oleg sat together. They held hands as they watched Mathias walk up the stage and deliver his valedictorian speech. The sky was the limit for their son, today his BA. Law school, tomorrow. And who knew what lay beyond that? Both held in the back of their minds the bargains they'd made, yet both were confident the day would never come where those bargains would be called in. Ragnarok? A silly eschatological dream. Fighting against Amun? An absurd notion. 

With a fresh bottle of champagne, they toasted their son's past and future success. He was out with his friends. Oleg smiled upon his wonderful wife and they kissed another, the light taste of champagne on their lips. They were startled by the sound of a louder thunderclap. 

They jumped away from another, both equally shocked to see Thor standing in their kitchen. 

"Good day, mortals. The time of Ragnarok is nigh, and I have need of your son. I shall claim him at dawn." 

Oleg and Fatima looked at another dumbfounded. Before the shock of the first appearance set in, another strange visitor appeared. 

"Nonsense. The mortal Mathias belongs to me!" Isis said. 

"The sun is effecting your brain, Isis." Thor said. "He was promised to me at precisely 6:23 on the morning of Tuesday the 1st of April." 

Isis unveiled a piece of parchment. "And he was promised to me at precisely 6:23 on the morning of...." The Egyptian deity trailed off. 

"It seems we have an impasse." Thor said. 

"How do you mortals solve such quandaries?" Isis asked. 

Fatima and Oleg stared blankly at themselves and the two deities. Finally, Oleg spoke. 

"I guess...we need to call a lawyer." 

The deities bowed their heads, a frustrated sigh escaped both of them.

"I'd rather face the apocalyptic ravages of Ragnarok than face the inhuman abominations known as lawyers." 

"I would rather battle Amun alone than battle a lawyer. Consider our hold on your son rescinded."

The deities departed in a swirling mist. Fatima and Oleg looked at another. 

"Well," Oleg said, "Looks like we need more champagne." 

The end. 

