Alright. Day one. This is how it could be recalled as plainly as possible. 

But. 

A little backstory. Specifically on my dormie, the guy who I room with. 

We’ll call him... David. He was rather pale, fair skinned, and his eyes seemed to always flash a deep red in the night time. That’s when I first met him, the kid bumbled in at one in the morning when I was fast asleep, weirdly shaped suitcase in hand. It was late, but I just assumed that’s how they did things wherever he was from.

I fall back asleep. Two hours go by, and I wake up to see the weirdo staring intently at me as I sleep. I felt super lethargic too, and literally sunk back into a delirious slump.

I figured I was tired.

“I do not get much sleep. The night always seems to beckon.” I seemed to remember him saying; weird rustic accent like he stepped straight out of Hellsing. 

He assured me he was a sleep walker when I freaked, I didn’t really buy what he was selling though. Then before I knew it, it was daylight.

I was up early, as per usual, bad nerves and all on the first day. My roommate? Dead to the world. 

I felt dizzy as I surfaced from my bed. Into the restroom I went, to brush my teeth, stumbling all about the room as I did so. Upon bringing my plain face into the mirror, I noticed two bite holes in my neck. 

What. The. Fuck.

I’d confront my roomie about it later since violence isn’t my thing in the morning on an empty stomach, and I didn’t feel too good going up against a supernatural terror. I wash, I clean, I get the damned thing done. I had to bag some girls because College, I didn’t  know anyone so it was easier to just talk to girls. 

Our room was connected with another room, and another pair of dormies that I hadn’t met. I wasn’t the only one up as I heard movement upon exiting my dorm room. In the communal area, someone was setting up a hot pocket. The way he awkwardly bumbled around the microwave led me to believe whoever I was unfortunate to be grouped with were foreigners, weird foreigners. 

“Hello, roommate. I trust you have gained enough hours of rest to function sufficiently throughout the day?” He was a gauntly fellow, average height, with a pretty average looking face. Hair was brown, eyes were brown. 

“Um... Yeah. I guess.” I replied just as awkwardly, so I didn’t think anything of it. “You got anymore? I was gonna make some noodles but that smells so good.” 

“I do, companion.” The more he spoke, the more he reminded me of an automated assistant, like Siri. He blinked one eye at a time, and I could literally seem him counting the seconds it took to breathe. “These flavors are so interesting, so many, yet so cheap for students such as ourselves.” 

Aaaaoooowwwwuurrrrrhhh! 

The howl suddenly hacked into a hoarse coughing fit. 


“What the fuck was that?” I blurt out suddenly. 

Then our fourth roomie made a grand entrance, in boxers, with serious amounts of grooming needed for his hairy, yet incredibly muscular physique. His head swung from side to side incessantly, as he literally twitched at something I couldn’t see. 

“Woah... Dude, you’re like a... Nevermind, do you go to the gym?” I struggle to voice out under my seemingly weakened state. I took myself for a gym buff, I did it in high school and benched two plates. I was solid.

“Obviously, bro. Gotta keep the guns steady. You want a protein bar, bro? You don’t look super hot?” He literally leapt back into his room in a swift bound to forage for some food supplies. 

He seemed nice. Super alert. 

Wait a minute. 

Wait just one second. 

“I shall be receiving instruction soon!” Hot pocket in hand, his monotonous voice seemed to distort briefly. 

“What’s your name?” I ask.

“G.” 

“And yours?” I ask the muscular fellow.

“Caleb, bro. Here.” He handed me the protein bars which I readily scarfed down. He also poured me a glass of milk. Caleb was super cool. 

G had already left. His head ran straight into the door leading out into the main corridor, it left a rigid dent. The way it happened, it was as almost as if he forgot what to do to get outside. Yeah, how do you forget to open a door?

He seemed fine though.

I wonder how long it would take before I get moved cause I’m staying with a whole bunch of monsters out of a children’s book. 

Caleb seemed like he’d be a hit with the ladies though, we bro’d it up at the college Cafe, and then gym’d it. 

