It has been 15.000 years since my death.

I am still roaming the earth, haunting the living.

They say your ghost lives until everyone who knew who you were dies too.

But I have not died.

They will not let me die.

They keep saying my name.

Both sides of them.

There are those that make me look like a monster.

Those that say I was the most unholy thing to ever roam the world.

And then there are those that still worship me.

Those that still keep interwinning my name with their cause.

Those that use my name as a lever to promote their own agentas.

And lastly, there are those that know the truth.

Those that know that I was not a monster.

But not a saint either.

Those that know that I did great bad in this world.

Those that do not exaggerate my actions.

Those that do not praise my actions.

But I know that I will never stop haunting this world.

Not untill the whole of Humanity has died.

And then it's only a guess.

If I'm unlucky another life form might find the books.

Another life form may find another hidden room filled with my belongings.

---

Hey guys, I tried to do this mysterious and kinda poetic, while dropping hints about who the ghost was, in case you did not understand, the ghost is:

[Spoiler](#s "Adolf Hitler. Please note that I do not praise him or his actions. I am not affiliated with Neo-Nazi groups, or am a Neo-Nazi. I believe that because a person was not on the good side of history, he should not be considered taboo and be excluded from arts and writings.")

---

[A bit of explanation:](#s "The one's that worship him are the Neo-Nazis, while the ones that make him look like a monster are the one's that hate him immensely and put all of humanity's problem's on him. The third group are those that know a bit of history, and do not exagerate or dismiss things. And on the the end, by "Books" I mean history books or "Mein Kampf", and by "room with belongings" I reference the recent discovery of 75 of Hitler's personal items in Argentina.")

