Interview Commences.

Interviewer: Could you give us some background on this?

Interviewee: At first I couldn’t understand the charges. I don’t speak no Spanish. My high school English teacher said I don’t speak that so good either. So what the actual fuck is some Spanglo charge doing on my Visa? It wasn’t for much, just $6.99, so I let it slide figuring it must be from some late night phone calling I like to get up to after a dozen Bud Lites slide down my gullet.
But then fuck me if it didn’t happen again the next month. And this time it weren’t no $6.99 charge, it was a buttload of charges. Some Spanish motherfucker must have duped my card. That’s when I phoned the bank. Who told me to phone the card company. Who told me to phone someone else in the card company - thankfully THIS person spoken fucking English, not whatever the fuck was coming out of that first bitch’s mouth. And then THAT person told me to phone you and you told me to come down here.

Interviewer: I see. Perhaps you could curtain the language a little bit?

Interviewee: Yes ma’am. Sorry about that. It’s the thought that some little Mexican fucker, sorry, asshole, duped my card. Gets me going.

Interviewer: I understand.

Sound of papers rustling.

Interviewer: So you have no idea about the source of the charges.

Interviewee: No ma’am, none at all. Will I be able to get a new card soon? 

Interviewer: That’s a matter up to the bank. So you have no idea who could be making these charges?

Interviewee: No ma’am. I just said that. Look, I work my shift, down at the Home Depot you know. I’m in the paint department and all that mixing paints has made me a little deaf I swear and maybe a little thick in the brain from all those fumes, which, between you and me I see as kind of a perk. Do you know who done used up my credit?

Sounds of papers rustling.

Interviewer: Well, Mr. (pause) Lincoln. Here’s the thing. You appear to be caught up in a bit of an international situation. Your card, and (pause) 13,023 others across the southern United States seem to be funding the Venezuelan economy.

Lengthy pause.

Interviewee: You what now?

Interviewer: Your card

Interviewee: I heard you. I ain’t never been to no Venezuela! What do you mean funding their econonomy?

Interviewer: I wish I could tell you more, but, let me just say this: every day, small charges are made on the credit cards of good, upstanding American like yourself

Interviewee: God damn right

Interviewer: and those charges appear to be being funnelled directly to the struggling Venezuelan government. See these charges here, I assume you didn’t make them.

Sound of papers rustling.

Interviewee: Oh, that one’s mine.

Interviewer: Right, ok, apart from ‘Vibe Line’…what’s that again?

Interviewee: Um, I’d rather not say

Interviewer: Ok, apart from 'Vibe Line’ all these charges appear to be fraudulent.

Interviewee: You gonna catch these fuckers?

Interviewer: These particular, um, fuckers happen to be running a country in South America. 

End of transcript