In a barely lit, and renovated room markov sat across from his interviewer. His intetviewer was named bill, an older gentleman with bright red hair and a receding hair line. Bill was chunky and had the body of someone who was in shape but now let it go. "You start tomorrow", said the older man to markov. Markov was a taller fellow with brown hair, blue eyes, and a very expressive face. He had a scar on his cheek from a skateboard accident which made his chiseled features even more rugged. In the back of his mind Markov had been thinking how he had hated the thought of being a C.I.A analyst and only being allowed to bring coffee to the meetings. He was going to be a highly trained harvard educated barista. He wouldnt deny a paying job; but fuck did it have to be delivering coffee. So for the first three weeks of delivering coffee to the high ranking officers of the c.i.a, he had noticed a trend. Every time he went to get them their novelty espressos, they always give him different names. Eventually after the forth week. He saved snippets from the cups, starting with : charlie, rango, Delta, 49er. The fifth week was : airborne, bravo, tengo, fort night. Rhe six week he had begun to figure out the code they were giving him. They were directions through the sewers of new york city. The next day, he collected his last paycheck and chased the code to an abandoned train station deep within the underbelly of New York City. To a dark hole with old indian inscriptions above it. "Speak friend or foe and pass", Markov muttered to himself , "This is bullshit" He strayed on further his flashlight only lighting a few feet in front of him. The darkness seemed to cling to his very breathe. The end of the tunnel was near. He could see two visibly glowing green eyes and with a voice that shook the space in which he had dwelled in. " Friend or Foe?"  Im a friend said the destitute analyst. "Tell me your last wish." Markov began to shudder at what he had found the air had grown colder than before. He had thought to himself that he had wished he never went to the interview. The beast leaped at him from across the room and everything went black. He woke up, he was cold, wet, and starving. He turned on the flashlight to see why he was wet and found blood everywhere. The lunatic had attacked him. His stomach growled , he was starving. He could smell fresh meat not far away.