"Ugh... not again..."

It was the only sentence I could manage to form in my hungover mind as I reached towards consciousness.  My head pounded as I reached towards my nightstand, hoping drunk me had been smart enough this time to leave a bottle of water next to the bed.

I fumbled around some more, not willing to open my eyes, until I realized that I was out of luck.  That drunk asshole hadn't given a shit he was going to feel terrible the next morning.

My eyes cracked open ever so slightly, and let the late morning light race towards the pain in my head, sure to exacerbate it.  Slowly my eyes opened more, and I was able to distinguish shapes around the room.  The framed and signed Hedwig and the Angry Inch poster from when Sara and I went to Nashville to see the stage show.  Her diploma mounted on an adjacent wall, and one of her bras hanging atop a lamp in the corner.

I used to hate when she leave things like that there.

Tears welled up as the pain from the hangover didn't seem as bad anymore.

A subtle glance towards her empty spot on the bed only made it worse.

I reached towards my phone, passed the picture of us at The Warped Tour years ago, complete with two tickets stuck in the corner of the frame.

The memory of us getting high as hell and not giving a damn about anyone else but each other burned inside of my head.  It made me want to scream.

I grabbed the phone and checked my notifications.

23 missed calls.  27 texts.

"Great, I probably made an asshole out of myself at the bar last night again."  I thought, ignoring the attempts at communication and instead hitting the Readit button on my homescreen.

"Did you all just feel that?"

35 thousand upvotes... 

What the hell?  I click on the post and begin to read:

"Did you all just feel that?  

I am in Des Moines and something weird just happened.  I don't know how to explain it, but I felt a wave of electricity in the air, a warmth pass over me, and then a great sense of loss, but I don't know why.  I can hear my entire apartment building filled with crying and wailing and my roommate is trying to call her boyfriend and get back together with him, but his number isn't working.

Here's the thing.  She hasn't been in a relationship in years.  I KNOW this.  She is a club rat and brings home different guys and girls every week, and now she's convinced of a years long relationship I'm sure never happened.

What happened?  Did anyone else just feel that, or is something weird going on in Des Moines?

Edit: Something weird is going on.  Post what you're feeling and what you remember.

Edit2: Guys, I miss her but I don't know who she is... What is happening?!

Edit3: I can't stop thinking about her... I just want to be with her again.  Whoever she is, she's gone.

Edit4: I've heard gunshots and more crying.  Maybe they couldn't take it either.

Edit5: Good luck guys.  I have to be with her.  This is too much"

I stopped and checked the timestamp.  The last update was 4 hours ago...

I checked my texts.  A stream of random phone numbers with pleading messages about me giving them another chance and wanting to be with me.  None of these were for me.

I suddenly felt warm as tears welled in my eyes.  A mixture of the pillars of my reality crumbling, and a deep loss of someone close to me cause my body to react physically in ways I had never felt before.

I quickly glanced at the picture of Sara and I at the Warped Tour to see the picture had changed.  It was now a picture of Sara and I in a church getting married.  Our wedding picture.

I grew much more depressed as the longing grew.

My phone tumbled to the floor as I reached for the picture frame, unsure of what any of this meant.  Unsure of what was happening.  Good god, I missed her so much.

What had even happened?

I glanced up again to the lamp.  He bra was gone.  I saw a baby blanket, stained with blood.

Oh no.

The pounding in my head had given way to a flood of feelings of worthlessness and shame.  Guilt about what I had done.  I missed them so much.  Little Charlie, and Sara.  How could I?

I marched slowly through the kitchen, tears forcing their way out of my eyes, as I grabbed a knife from the counter and walked towards the front door.

The door opened and a rush of cool air hit me in the face.  The wet spots where my tears were were colder than the rest.

I could barely see now, as I couldn't stop crying.  I was so sad.  So depressed.  The feelings of longing and regret and shame and doubt were too much to bare.

I looked around and saw others.  People laying on the street and in their yards, bleeding out.  Gunshot wounds and stab wounds.  It was such a sad sight... I bawled harder.

I raised the knife in front of me.  The shining tip was the only way to end this pain.  To end this nightmare.

The pain of the knife entering my chest was, surprisingly, less painful than what was being forced upon me by my mind.  The cold grasp of sadness and fear began to give way to a sense of warmth and peace as the last visions of life faded from in front of me.

The gate to my front yard opened and I felt a presence approach and kneel down.

It was Sara.

"S...saaarraa.... I.. I love...." I could say no more.  My life was fading quickly, and I was just happy to see her one last time.

And then she spoke to me without speaking.  Her voice, familiar yet completely foreign, filled my head and resonated in a way I had never felt before.

"I'm sorry, little one.  We had no choice.  This is our home now."