Let me tell you a story, kid. 

The Sufari came to Earth in March of 2034. They bearing technology we could only imagine, language we could barely approximate, and a thought process that was all honor and rules that didn't make sense to most of us. Their weapons were capable of destruction in ways we had never seen. They wiped out billions of us in the first volley, blasts of energy keyed, somehow, to destroy only humans, and only those humans they decided needed to be destroyed.

The world itself, they left standing. Our technology, weak as it was in comparison. Our defenses. Our buildings and our infrastructure. Even animals, plants, food. They left it all. They didn't want our world, our resources. They wanted a fight. They wanted what they considered a fair fight. They were the champions of their world, and they wanted to face the champions of ours. But they chose our champions for us. They looked over the world in secret when they arrived, and chose a caste of people known for a variety of thought and philosophy, united by a common thread, a common love, but in endless combat with each other. For some reason we may never understand, they chose Redditors.

1000 link karma. That's all it took to make the list. Comment karma didn't count for shit, they wanted champions, not lurkers. 1000 measly link karma, and somehow you found yourself standing unharmed as the people around your - friends, family, strangers - disintegrated in a wave of alien energy. We put the causality together pretty quickly, because of course pretty much all of us took to Reddit first thing, looking for survivors.

That's where we found the post. Stickied to everyone's front page, written in English so perfect it had to be alien. The Sufari explained to us that we'd been chosen to stand for Earth, to earn our right to survive. They saw us as bred for battle, living it with our hearts, minds, and souls. Willing to fight to the death over the most inconsequential of subjects. Unfeeling, uncaring of the pain we caused each other, they believed we would fight them with the same tenacity. They were confident we'd provide a challenge, but they were clear in their expectation that we would lose.

They weren't even a little bit prepared.

Some of us, we'd been on Reddit since the beginning, or near enough as to make no difference. I'd personally accidentally missed 21 Cake Days, and was coming up on my 22nd when they arrived. Over the decades, many of us had accumulated so much more than 1000 link karma. So much more. We rose up, we became leaders. It could have been the moderators, but no one wanted to deal with how they wanted to run things - no one ever appreciated the moderators. Most of them broke off early on, formed their own tribe, fell to infighting. They few that remain, well ... you know what they are. Nearly as bad as the Sufari, enforcing their maniacal rules on all of us, in their golden masks. Modern inquisitors, ensuring everyone plays by the rules, but really just making sure everyone plays by their crazy whims.

No, leadership didn't land on them. It fell to those of us with real influence. I myself had lucked out - Summer of 2017, I wrote myself a novel, pulled a major following over on /r/Fantasy. Had myself some allies on a couple D&D subreddits, some other tabletop subreddits. Built myself a modest army of tactical thinkers and wanna-be heroes, all of them looking for something to believe in, some chance to prove themselves. Had my fair share of tabletop quarterbacks, Mary Sues, assholes obsessed with traitor mechanics. Weeded them out, built a solid fighting force. Those self-destructive lunatics over at /r/WoW came for me first ... they were bad before WoW 2 dropped, they'd just gotten worse in the years since. We sent 'em packing, though. Clean, easy. They hate each other more than they'll ever hate the rest of us.

So that was my tribe. But there were others. So many others. The watchers from the news subreddits, their darker counterparts from /r/PublicFreakout. The gamers, seeking greatness. The sovereign citizens, seeking their own rules ... they didn't last too long, once the moderators stopped their infighting and turned to the rest of us. The sovereigns were the first to fall, and it wasn't even to the Sufari. That's what threw the aliens off, I think - they were expecting a united front to fight them, not an eclectic collection of hundreds of tribes as willing to fight each other as we were the Sufari.

But we were capable of rising up together, and that's exactly what we did. Those Browncoat heroes over on /r/Firefly - I'll love every one of them until the day I die, hand to heart - they brought us together in the first and last united battle against the Sufari. They showed us, for one glorious moment, what we could do when we worked together ... honor them, kid, when you see them. You'll never find a more dedicated bunch, and we have a lot in common. Just don't call what they did "unification."

Either way, they brought us together. The Founders - those unknowing programmers who had created and grown Reddit before the Sufari came - very few of them actually survived the initial attack. Ironic, really. But those that survived, they took on one job: Keeping Reddit running, keeping us communicating. The Sufari were struggling, they couldn't wipe us out when we were so scattered, even while we were fighting each other. So the went for the Founders, in the ruins of San Francisco ... I guess you don't know that name. It's the island north of Silone Valley. That used to be a city, you know. 

The Sufari, they descended on the ruins, they went for our heart. And the Browncoats brought us together. For one day, we stopped killing each other and started killing the Sufari. They couldn't handle it. We fought with a tenacity you can only have from spending years refusing to be wrong. We fought with the unflinching unity you can only find in echo bubbles. We fought with the hopeful dedication of die-hard fans, of people who won't be told who or what they can or should love. We'd each of us, all of us, spent a lifetime at our keyboards, thinking we could change, save, or destroy the world based on our whims.

And the Sufari? Well, the Sufari were fool enough to actually make that a reality. They weren't prepared for us to actually take them up on it. Not one of them survived. Not one escaped. No sequels here. They won't be coming back. We brought them down, we burned them to ash, and we destroyed their ships.

That was thirty years ago. This is our world, and we're not leaving it, we're not giving it up. Not even to each other. We're still here, and we're still fighting.

But you know that. I'm rambling on now. Curse of being an old Redditor, I guess. Maybe you'll get lucky and get to know what I mean. But first, you gotta survive the day. The enemy is at our gates. Go. Be a hero. Find something to believe in. Change the world.

And, hey: Happy 16th Cake Day, kid.