There was a small group of us. We had appeared in the room, all together, like confused penguins. We milled around in a tight ball, before starting to look for answers. 

There was Bill, who still wore his favorite baseball cap. He didn't talk, just chewed on his lip. 

Lisa spent the whole time touching the walls and sobbing openly. 

Carolina wouldn't stop chatting. She told me all about her grandchildren. All about her grandchildren. All about her grandchildren... Peter, Piper... **picked a peck of pickled shut the fuck up.* 

All about her grandchildren. 

Until Aaron asked her to kindly shut her pie hole, as he didn't think he would end up in hell when he died. 

And that's when we all stopped and listened. Really listened. We clicked out jaws shut, froze, and listened. There was no hum of electricity. There was no music being pumped through speakers. Nothing. We didn't even hear each other breathing. 

When I shifted my foot, there was no sound. I tried to pop my ankle, which had always been an issue. Nothing. 

Aaron seemed to understand what had happened. Lisa and Carolina tried to argue it was just... something... anything... what was happening? Bill just kept chewing his lips and making faint moaning noises. 

"So what does this mean?" I asked. 

"We're dead," Aaron said. Without any weight. It was the weather. It was a statement, like "go left" or "I am five eleven." 

Lisa pointed a sharp, red fingernail at him. "Oh, how would you know?" 

"I killed myself," Aaron said. "If I failed, I would have been in a hospital or my shitty apartment. I woke up here. I died. I wanted to die. Now I want to get out of this hallway." 

xxx

Aaron, Bill, and I left Lisa and Carolina. They were busy with their own accusations of truth. They didn't think we were dead, they just didn't understand why we were here, in a soundless hallway, unable to feel anything but our own panic. 

Bill finally spoke, saying he didn't know how he died. He had been driving home, had gotten into his house, went to sleep, and now he was here. "I don't know. I don't know. I just don't." 

It was like Bill was panicking. 

Aaron seemed to keep it together. I didn't know how I died either. I was only... had been... well I think... 35. When I died? When I died. Yes. Yes. Yes. 35. Human years. Was I a human now? 

I told Bill I didn't know either. I didn't. Did I? What was happening? 

It was forever and a day before we reached the end of the hallway. We lost Bill at the only window. He looked out at the snow and wouldn't move. "Don't look Isabella." 

I didn't. I hated the snow. Always had. I was from California you know, where the temp... where it was burning... where... 

"There was a fire," I said softly. 

We had arrived at a door. It looked like a Pay to Pee bathroom, like the kind you have in Germany. Or wherever people make you pay to pee. I told Aaron about the time I was sitting in the car, waiting for my sister to be done with practice, and I wet myself because my mom wouldn't let me go into the school. 

She thought I would play around. I was 14. But I wet myself and cried the whole way home.

CLINK. 

A gold coin fell onto the floor. 

"It came out your mouth," Aaron said. "Give me another memory." 

He didn't pick up the coin. Instead he asked for something bigger. Something about love or hate. 

I told him about Kimmy, who used to bully me all the time. 

There were more coins, falling from my mouth, cold as they passed over my lips. I tasted iron. 

Cold. Gold. 

He told me to pick up the coins and put them in the door. He wanted to know what happened. What happened when we took up the offer. 

I picked up the coins but clutched them to my middle. Like a child who won't share her jelly beans. 

I moved passed him to the door. I read the line. "Pay 1$ to live again." 

"No, to live another day," Aaron said. "I would imagine you would come back here again." 

"And keep paying?" I asked. 

"Maybe. I don't know. Maybe you wake up from your death without consequences, maybe you just die again the same way. Or maybe you come back as a fruit fly." Aaron seemed to be thinking deeply. 

"That's not how you spell it," I said. The coins went into my pockets. I was tired of holding them. They felt warm. "Look, that's not how you... the dollar sign goes before the one." 

"I noticed." 

"What happens if we go the other way?" I said.

"Perhaps there is another door?" Aaron said. 

"Let's go see." 

And we walked. We walked until we saw Bill, now an old man, so thin he was almost tree branches and dust. We passed Carolina and Lisa, who were surrounded by gold coins, trying to keep them from falling out of their mouths. They were mixing them up, fighting over who owned the shiny, perfect ones. 

When we made it to the end of the hallway, there was a simple black door. In silver letters, it said, "Pay to leave." 

There was a bowl beside the door. Aaron approached it first. Be looked into the bowl and began to cry. Tears turned to gold the moment they hit the bowl. He wept for an eon before the door opened. 

He slipped through and was gone. Without a goodbye. 

I was next. 

I could feel the fire, finally. I could feel the way my body hunched, coughing, screaming for someone to save me. Someone. Anyone. 

I began to weep. My tears were hot smoke at first. Then I could taste the beach. The sand. The way it felt beneath my toes. I could remember the songs my sister sang to me. The way she always tucked me in. I could hear the same song, being sung from a distance. 

I would see her again. I would see her again. I would see her again and we would be...

There was a weight around my ankles. When I looked down I could see my dog, leaning against my leg. He had been with me, had been with me. Had been with me when I...

*The house had been built in the early 1920s. And it had just gone up like a match. It had burned and burned and I woke up too late. I clutched... clutched...* 

Yuko. His name came to me like fireworks. Love. Yuna. Love. 

Around my food was a golden pool of water. It streamed from his eyes. Yuko. Love. Yuko. Love. 

I reached down and picked him up. His golden eyes looked at me. I knew I wasn't alone. 

Following my sister's song, I opened the door and entered paradise. 


