Oliver leaned back in his swivel chair and put his face in his hands.

"How did I ever get myself into a relationship like this?" he wondered aloud.  "She's just an Asian."

Oliver's supervisor suddenly appeared behind Oliver's swivel chair leaning in to look at Oliver's screen.  "An agent?" he asked, "Who's agent?"The NSA liked to joke they were like Jedi.  Observing people, even sexually attractive people like the woman on the screen, without ever being allowed to fall in love.  It was only natural to fall in love.  Much the same way that you feel a personal connection to a TV character in a drama, NSA agents were prone to becoming attached to those that they watched.  You could watch all you wanted, but personal attachment was strictly forbidden.

"Oh, yes, an Agent." Oliver stammered, "...of the United States.  A former agent I mean.  One of ours."

"Oh is she?" the supervisor remarked as he peered with thinly opened eyes at the warm glow of the monitor.  A young Japanese woman was writing on a white board with a collection of magic markers.  "This is the one you've been logging a lot of hours on isn't it?"

Oliver gulped.  Some agents had the best instincts and he was right.  He had been watching her a lot.  There was no point in lying.  His supervisor could always log into his own computer and check the feed and confirm that this was in fact his favorite girl to watch.

"Y... yes." Oliver managed to say, choking on the word as it escaped his lips.

"Well what's the story?  Why so many hours on this one?  She a threat or not?"

Oliver was relieved instantly. His supervisor would never ask such a question if he knew he was spying for pleasure rather than business.  "Yes." he said instinctively.  "I mean no." he quickly reconsidered.

The supervisor was not pleased.  "Explain." he said simply.  

Oliver knew the tactic.  When in doubt agents let people hang themself with their own rope.  He had to choose his words carefully.

"I mean I don't know yet.  She's a former agent and she has been passing information secretly to foreign powers." Oliver was proud he was finally able to lie without tripping over his words.

"Who's she an agent for?" the supervisor asked.

Oliver paused for a moment to carefully consider his words.  He wanted to keep watching her.  This was his secret girlfriend now in his mind.  This girl played love songs constantly on youtube and Oliver was sure she was playing them just for him.  She liked all the same types of videos and the relationship had felt very personal ever since years ago when the girl had revealed she knew she was being watched.  She did it coyly by pretending to be schizophrenic and talking about FBI agents watching her all the time.  Oliver liked to think that deep down she knew her secret admirer was in the NSA, not the FBI.  "Japan." Oliver said at last.

"Japan?!" the superviser blurted out.  "Ridiculous.  You need to finalize your report on this one by the end of the day and have it on my desk within the hour.  Wait, what does that sign say?" 

Oliver swiveled his chair and looked back at the webcam monitor.  The young lady was holding a white poster board sign up to the webcam which said the following, "I know you watch me too, NSA!"

Oliver was speechless.  He chose to keep his mouth shut through force of will.  His supervisor gasped.  "She knows."

"Y... yes." Oliver stammered, equally surprised but for different reasons."And who does she mean by 'too'?  Do the Japanese have access to our spy network?"

"I... uh.  I don't know what to say." Oliver said.

Another sign was held up to the webcam, "I know you can see through my webcam when the green light blinks." it said.

Technology is hard to keep up with.  There is no chance to beta test spy equipment and work out all the kinks.  Sometimes hardware would do things like light up when activated when you didn't want it too and there was nothing you could do but hope the unsuspecting consumers didn't notice.  This girl was dishing out the information on what she'd learned from being a target of spying and as far as Oliver's supervisor knew, a foreign power was getting all the information.

"Find out who she works for, that's an order!" the supervisor barked as he walked away to the next cubicle.

Oliver was relieved his supervisor left him in charge of the situation, but he was both heart broken and scared.  Surely he had interpreted her actions correctly as being affectionate love.  What of their first date when they watched the Matrix together on Netflix.  Sure, she could never hear him, but he liked to think he communicated with her psychically as a soul mate.  She even wrote a big flowery post about how she believed in just such a thing early on.

The girl made more and more hand\-written signs and held them up to the webcam.  "I know you can see my screen 24/7" she wrote.  "I know you had trouble getting past my authenticator and then you figured out a way around."  and lastly "What do you want from me?"

Oliver's supervisor was momentarily distracted but he knew he had to think of some kind of a grand plan to get them both out of trouble.  Oliver would never turn in actual paperwork indicating she was a former spy gone rouge.  Even if his love thought she was dealing with the FBI all this time or really thought she was schizophrenic, he could never betray her with a false report just to save his own hide.  Besides, he'd gotten to know her quirks, her traits, her unique humanness by watching her the last few weeks and he genuinely cared for her welfare.

Oliver remembered his procedure manual.  The one advantage he had is that he knew everything the NSA would do to cover up a leak.  Legal counsel had run a calculation and determined that if preventing a leak of sensitive information would cost $130,000 dollars or less, they would take that avenue as the decrease in funding following a public debacle was far worse.  The agency hated things being brought out into the public.  It was... irreversible.  Oliver had a plan.

An indicator light flashed on Oliver's keyboard.  His love's feed was now marked as "elevated" by his supervisor.  From now on, everything she did would be recorded in a large database server.  She would forever live in the cloud.  Oliver was trapped.  Somehow he needed to tell his love his plan to give her a small fortune and keep her out of prison without obviously making his pitch seen on her webcam or in her file.

Oliver tried calling her on the phone.  He masked his voice to sound completely different and tried to tell her she had won a prize and needed to come fill out some forms in private to claim it.  She hung up on him.  "Nope, my silence is not for sale." she wrote on a board and held it up to a webcam.

Oliver smacked his face with his palm.  This lady was some combination of brilliant and stupid.  Brilliant for somehow psychically being able to infer his plan from the first step, and stupid for having refused it.  Did she know what she was getting herself into?  Just how much did she really know?

"Yes, I am psychic." the next sign read.  Oliver gasped.

"I see you!" the sign after that read.

Oliver watched as the girl picked up the phone and called the local pizzeria, "Yes, I'd like to make an order." she said.

Oliver had no plans.  He didn't know what was going on anymore.  This girl that he thought had a psychic connection with him, just said she was psychic and it had left him stunned.  All he could do was listen to her make her order.  "Yes I'd like to order the NSA guy who listens to my calls to give it a break.  He's stressing me out.  I just need space, and neither the FBI nor the NSA is giving it to me."

Oliver was stunned.  He wanted to reach over and press the button to terminate her phone calls.  But it was just that sort of action, of reacting to the person you are watching, that probably tipped her off in the first place.  Sure, Oliver had shewed away a few jealous would\-be boyfriends, but he never thought the guy at the FBI was real, and he never thought he was getting in the way of anything but physical attraction.

The girl hung up the phone.  The pizza place wrote the call off as a prank call, but it would be part of her permanent record should he ever turn in his file on her.  At that moment, Oliver decided it was time to commit to his love.  He would watch this girl indefinitely and swear off all other girls.  He would watch her and never turn in his report.  He would always think of another excuse to watch her further, the lies growing with each passing year.  There was so little over\-sight in the NSA that he had heard of some colleges getting away with doing just that.  One co\-worker brags at lunch about how he only watches celebrities because everyone else is so damn depressing.

Oliver's superviser hovered back into the space.  He was always quiet on his feet and glided around like a true spy.  After a long moment of silence he spoke, "So she's working for the Japanese huh?"

"Passing them information sir.  So far just information about us spying on her, nothing more."

"Well Edward Snowden and his troublesom ilk saw to it that everyone knows what we do, so we can ignore her."

"NO sir." Oliver accidentally said with too much emphasis, "I mean, sorry sir, but I think I,... I mean \*we\* should watch her further.  She can still tell people all about what ways we watch her, and uh, she probably knows about us being able to control the weather."

"We can control the weather?" the supervisor asked puzzled.

"Oh, sorry sir, need to know basis.  I uh... learned about it from her.  She was higher rank than either of us."

There was a long pause.  "Proceed." the supervisor said, turning his back walking away.

And that was how it went from a simple crush at a distance to a long\-term relationship of lies, secrets and spying.  Oliver wiped sweat from his forehead that he hoped had gone unnoticed.  He promised himself to be good to this girl.  She hadn't asked for any of this attention and he truly wanted her to be happy, peaceful and free from worry.  Oliver leaned back in his swivel chair as he wondered aloud, "If that isn't love, what is?"

The girl held up another poster\-board sign with the words, "Oh baby don't hurt me, no more."