"Who da fuck are you?"

"My name is Jace Malone. I'm here to see Lucinda."

"There ain't no Lucinda here."

"Check again."

"I don't believe you heard me - I said -"

I cut him off. "I don't believe you heard me correctly. I'm here to see Lucinda. That she is here was told to me by an associate of yours named Louis Left-sack. He then proceeded to jump off the Southwark Bridge, so I have good cause to believe he told me the truth."

"Now why would Louie Left-sack jump off a bridge?"

"Not entirely sure. All I know is after he and his crew roughed me up, and then confirmed my name, he decided he was as good as dead, and Lucinda has something to do with it."

"What's that name again?"

"Jace Malone."

"If there was a Lucinda here, and I ain't saying there is, how would you know her?"

"Thirteen years ago, she did a year at a high school called Rosati-Kain in a small suburb of Saint Louis, Missouri."

"I'll be back in a minute. Don't you do anything funny."

"If I wanted to walk in, I know you wouldn't stop me."

"What makes you think that, bruv?"

"Because in the last three days, I've caused a fatal car wreck, two suicides by gun, one by cop, and one by a jump off the Southwark Bridge. They finally listen to me when I say who I am, and that I have some connection to Lucinda, then they make a phone call, then they make the decision to kill themselves. Do you want to be lucky number seven, or do you want to go inside and ask questions first?"

"I'll be right back."

Approximately two minutes, a different man, skinny, but elegant - slightly older, who reminded me a bit of Michael Caine, in that way that Michael Caine can be both a serial killer and a butler, and you think the serial killer will serve you tea, and the butler will slice you to ribbons came outside.

"I'm very sorry for our doorman. Please come in, Mister Malone. Miss Clarke has been waiting for your arrival."

"I'm sure she has. Interesting method of getting me here."

"Struggle without value is suffering. Value without struggle is meaningless. Only when you struggle and obtain value, is meaning found."

"Action without thought is chaos. Thought without action is dreaming. Only action derived from thought is positive force exerted."

A woman's voice cut through the moment - 

"When one applies positive force in search of meaning, all things are possible. Good to see you remember that, Jace."

"I'm the one that read it to you - that evening after the dance."

"I remember. We have much to discuss. Are you two going to come inside, or just stand around holding your dicks?"

With that, I entered the boudoir of Lucinda Clarke, who had in five years taken her father's West End street gang, and built an international crime syndicate the world over. The Kumicho of the Kobe Yamaguchi-gumi, The 415 of Shanghai Triad, The Dragon Head of Hong Kong, The Boss of the Lucchese and Bonnano crime families in the US, the Vor of the Solntsevskaya Bratva, and the General of the Mai-Mai all pledged fealty and somewhere between 10 and 25 percent of their income to her. I didn't know actually know that yet. The Lucinda I knew was a gawky girl with a posh accent who liked when I talked to her about Asian philosophy and science. She had a list of people who were under her protection. Transgressors who harmed even a hair on the people on her list would be subject to her justice. And I was #11 on that list, and it was time to find out why.