[A/N: Like other stories in this thread, this is kind of an alternate history Cold War setting.]

7212.

"NO!" I screamed, as my eyes opened and the shimmering red digits came into view. 7212. That was the number of times I'd relived this day, according to the chip in my head. Not that I'd remember it.

Could there be a malfunction? The chip had been developed by the agency I worked for, I myself had contributed to the coding, but now it had even filtered down to the commercial sector and there had never been a report of a malfunction of this nature.

We knew something the commercial sector didn't. Something that was classified, something we had decided people didn't need to know if they just wanted to relive their wedding day a few times or fix a bad decision. While the reset takes you back a day and erases your memory, it cannot reverse a certain degradation at the cellular level.

That is, for each day you reset, your life expectancy is reduced by approximately 24 hours.

7212.

Almost twenty years.

I'd promised Elliot we would grow old together. I wanted to see my grandchildren. What could possibly go so wrong today, that my past and future self would willingly give up twenty years of life in the hopes of fixing it? What could possibly go so wrong that it could not be fixed, in over seven thousand iterations?

I went through my morning routine in a daze. Should I savor each moment of this normalcy, before whatever was to come? Should I race to the office, consult with the best and brightest scientist in the nation to figure out what was going on? But what if the reset was something mundane, like a car crash on the way to work? Had the past seven thousand iterations of myself stumbled blindly into the same pitfall?

I watched my children gather the last few things they needed, things that should have been packed last night. I kissed them goodbye before they raced to catch the bus. I told them I loved them.

Would it be the last time?

I arrived at the office. I must have driven on autopilot. The office was a grey building a few miles from the outskirts of town. It looked like a somewhat large and boxish house. But this was where the most brilliant physicist in the nation and his handful of assistants met, to tinker with the volatile building blocks of reality itself, to create mankind's deadliest wonders.

There was a possibility that I had been trying my hardest not to acknowledge. 

Today was it. The day mankind begins a nuclear war.

Professor Adler was waiting for me. I spoke.

"Professor, the count-"

"Is exceptionally high. Yes, mine too," he added, seeing the look on my face. "It is most concerning."

"Do you have any ideas?"

His gaze was piercing.

"Yes. I believe that after each iteration, there is a trace disturbance left in the chip. It is too small to perceive after merely one iteration, but, perhaps after more than seven thousand... I suspect there may be a resonance, an echo of sorts. The data will be noisy, but perhaps we can tease out a few clues."

"Well, I certainly don't have any better ideas. How do we access this data?"

My hand reflexively reached for the chip implant site at the base of my skull.

"Unfortunately, I require... physical access. I can't operate on myself, and so far you and I are the only ones who seem to be repeating. I will sedate you, remove the chip, and replace it once I have analysed the data."

Remove the chip.

A shiver ran down my spine.

What if IT happened while the chip was removed? I would be defenseless. If I died from the anesthetic, from a heart attack, from nuclear war, hell, from a lightning strike, it would truly be the end.

But what other choice did we have?

I followed the professor’s instructions. I lay on the table. I counted backwards from ten as he put me under. I awoke after what seemed like a moment, but must have been hours later. There was a tiredness on the professor's face that was beyond anything I had seen before. Tiredness, and something else.

"Ellen, can you hear me?"

"Yes"

"From your chip I have managed to retrieve some memories of the previous seven thousand days. Of course, you did not take exactly the same actions every day, but some events have been worn in, over and over like a path through a forest. I have seen what your future self remembers."

I was afraid to ask. The professor was silent for a long time.

"There is no point mincing words. The world will end at one minute to midnight, by our local time. The Russians have... been testing a new weapon, one that collides particle beams at near light speed. When the machine is switched on, it creates a singularity, a point at which space and time cease to exist as we know it. That singularity will grow, and consume all of Earth. The event horizon will propagate and reach us just before midnight."

"How can we stop this? Contact the government! I know they're our enemies, but if we can get a message through to the Russians, we can stop them from throwing the switch. Call them! You've called them, right? While I was out-"

"Ellen."

He held up a hand.

"It is 10:13pm. The switch was thrown more than two hours ago, thirty minutes before I was able to piece together the data. At first, the singularity is barely detectable, barely able to draw in the atoms around it. Even now, it has probably just reached a size visible to human eyes. But from now it will grow exponentially. And nothing can stop it."

"That's- I-"

There was nothing that could be said. Tears were running silently down my face. The dull, concrete room seemed so surreal. How could it be possible that we had mere hours left before something we barely understood reduced us to nothing?
The professor's face was turned away. I couldn't tell if he was crying or simply beyond despair.

"Ellen, go home. You can still make it in time to see your family."

"I- yes Professor."

"I will see you again, next today?"

"Yes, Professor."

I hurried out of the room. A light rain was beginning to fall, but the interior of the car was still warm. In the mist, the world already seemed to be fading.

I arrived at home close to eleven. Elliot was asleep on the sofa, the TV quietly chattering with infomercials. He'd already put the boys to bed.

I didn't wake him. There was no way I could act as if nothing were wrong, and telling him would be beyond cruel. Instead, I sat and talked. I told him about all the times I was grateful for, how much I loved him, what a great dad and husband he was. Then I went into each of the boys rooms in turn. I held their hands, and stroked their hair. I told Joseph how proud I was of his team winning the game. I told Nathan how I wished we could read more science books together.

I told them I loved them.

I told them I'd tell them again, next today.

I looked at the clock. Three minutes to midnight.

Eventually, my life would run out. I'd be unable to reset again, unable to hold back the flow of time. The oblivion would come, sooner or later.

Nothing lasts forever.

I focused my thoughts on the base of my skull.

"Reset."

7213.