It was a temple alright. However it was not what comes to most peoples mind when the word is mentioned. It was no Parthenon, but it met all the criteria for a temple. It was the size of a medium shed. It's base was made of old red brick and light gray mortar. It had three tiers leading up the the alter, each half a foot smaller, and two inches higher than the last. In the middle of the alter was an old cement bird bath with a column base. At every corner of the base was an upright plank of wood, each of which held up the hexagon rainbow tiles roof from an old roached out gazebo. 
This was the farmers project for the month. With the recent drought  his crops were not doing well. Nobody's are. Some are resorting to rain dances, seeding the clouds, or even traveling to various shrines and temples to seek the guidance of deities as well as other mystical beings. But most supernatural beings with enough juice in them are leaving Earth. Either something powerful is driving them out and ruining the planet or their absence is what's causing the trouble.
The farmer thought he would take matters into his own hands. Instead of going to a god he would have a god come to him. Not a major god like Zeus or Ra, but a minor deity. Anything a smidgen more powerful than the average magician. In the temple he places offering on the alter. Incense, two loaves of bread, and a gold chain. He decided to go to bed and check back in the morning. Hopefully he will find a god in the temple.
The suns rise over the temple. Basking it in orange yellow light. However there is something beside it. A sleigh? With 7 reindeer?

"Must be some minor nature god." Thought the farmer. 

"Bingo." he whispered under his breath. 

He got dressed in his Sunday best and made his way to the temple. Inside there was a portly man with a white beard, glasses, red plaid shirt, overalls, and green pants sleeping on the temple floor.
Upon hearing the footsteps the fat old man awoke and sat up.

"I usually take cookies as offerings but bread will do. I don't blame you. In this economy I'd have to sell another reindeer just to afford a chocolate chip!" The old man smiled and held out his hand. 

"My name is Nicholas, but you can call me Nick." The farmer reached out and shook Ol' Nicks hands.

"I'm Jeremiah but you can call me Jer." Jeremiah forced a smile out of his nervous face. 
The closest he's ever been to a supernatural being was when he had to shoot a chupracubra that was draining the blood from his livestock.

"Nice to meet you Jer!" Nicks stomach jiggled like a bowl of jelly. 

Jeremiah remembered the last time he had jelly. He decided it was going to be the first thing he would buy when his crops finally grow.
"Why have you called me here Jer?" Nick smiled and laughed.

"I built this temple hoping for help with my crops. They're my livelihood. But they're dying." Jer frowned

"I see." Nick stroked his beard. "I don't have very much knowledge of agriculture" He adjusted his glasses. "But I think I may be able to lend you some helping hands."

"Helping hands?"

"You see I employ some locals at my factory up North, but with the crisis and all most are in need of jobs."

"Pardon me but I don't see how some workers will help in my situation."

"They are very astute and have man talents. They turn this desert of a farm into the Garden of Eden in no time."

"What do I owe you in return?"

"You don't owe me anything, the bread and gold were enough. I just want you to employ my elves. Idle hands are the devils tools."

Nick started to walk back to his sleigh.

"When can I expect these workers?"

"Overnight delivery." Nick got into his sleigh smiled and was off on his merry way.

"Ho ho ho!" His voice echoed through the brisk morning air.

A chicken waddled up to Jeremiah's pant leg and started pecking. He looked down and said.

"I have no idea who that god was either."

He gabbed the chicken then gave it a squeeze, out popped an egg. The farmer went inside to make breakfast with dreams of jelly and elves dancing in his head.

