The first time she saw Him was when He came for her mother. 

She had watched her mother be in pain for so long. Sitting at her hospital bed day in and day out, not having a cure for her suffering. 

So when the day finally came to let her mother go, she welcomed it gladly. 

As she watched Him work, she saw the pain leave her mother's face and turn to one of peace. As He turned to leave, she tugged on His robes. "Please. Don't go."

"My child, I will come for you one day as well. It is not your time." He placed a tentative hand on her head, as if to wish her well, and then was gone as if He was never there. 

The days and months that passed were filled with dreams, sketches, diary entries of Him. She could no longer deny that what she was feeling was Love.

In the back of her mind, she knew what she had to do to see him again. But could she do it? Could she step over that threshold from human to murderer? For True Love? Absolutely. 

The first time was difficult. She brandished a kitchen knife and patrolled the downtown streets of her city, looking for a worthy adversary. In a back alley, she found him. A homeless man that wreaked of alcohol and urine. A waste. No one would miss him. 

The man was so feeble, she could easily overpower him if it came to it. Slinking over to his body, she sees she's already on his last leg of life. She will be helping him, she told herself. 

A shaky hand held the knife above her head, and in one swift motion, she slammed it down through the man's back. Blood spurred out. She sat back and waited. He should be here soon. 

She felt the hand on her head, a comforting familiarity in it. "My child. Why do you commit such an act?"

"I just wanted to see you."

"I am not human. And I do not feel. Your Lust is a waste." 

"Perhaps I can teach you." 

"That is an impossibility." She sees once again the same thing with her mother. The man's face is now one of peace. "My job here is complete."

She finds herself repeating. "Please. Don't go."

"My child, I do not wish to see you again until your time has come." And once again, he was gone. 

She sank to her knees. The words spoken had sliced her from the inside. No way was he going to be rid of her that easily. No way. 

Over the course of the next few years, she had become quite the professional. She knew how to keep her crime scene clear and blemish free. She knew how to kill in a multitude of ways, to deter the police. 

And every time, she waited for Him to come. And every time, He spoke the same words to her. "My child, I do not wish to see you again until your time has come."

And even so, her Love had only grown. It filled her very being. She was consumed. 

It was one day in late Spring, she found herself planning her next kill. She would often do investigating, getting a feel for the target's daily schedule. 

She stepped out onto the road. Swore she looked both ways. Swore this wasn't her time. 

But it was. And when He came. He said, "My child, it is now your time."

"Can I finally be with you?"

"My child, for the heinous acts you have committed, I have no saying in where you go beyond this life. I had asked you to stop. You did not listen."

He learned over her mangled body. A Reaper's Kiss. Her face was not one of peace. It was despair. 