"Hey, Jake!"

"... "

"Jake, wake up!"

"..."

"Jake, f*cking wake up! I think I'm becoming colorblind"

Lisa seems really worried, this time, and her voice was unexpectedly high, almost unpleasant. I slowly turned around, half-asleep.

According to the sun, it was early in the morning. My shift was tonight and Lisa took her day of, so we didn't have any reason to go out before late today anyway.

"What are you talking about? You cannot become color-blind in one night, without any..."

I blinked. Something was... *different*. Our bedroom. The curtains. I don't think it was that much... red, yesterday.

"What the fuck is happening?"

Lisa stared at me, even more scared. I jumped out of the bed and open the curtains. 

That was it. Outside, the sky was too *plain*. The street too... grey. 

The world had lost it color shades.

A car pass by the street. Flashy yellow. Exactly the same color than the grocery frontage in front of our flat. I realize it noise was as weird as it disgusting color.  Too mechanical. Too straight.
 
Then i see it. In the sky. At first, i though it was an advertising airship, but after a better look, the message was just hanging there, in bright letters, floating hundreds of meters ahead us. It said "Buy one - get three: massive star sales!" Slowly, i started seeing more and more of these. "Enlarge your planet" "You're the 100000th civilization!". I was looking to an extra-large purple and green text saying "In only 500 years, these species climb two levels on the Kardashev scale. Find how now!" when I heard Lisa screamed.

When I turnover, I instantly saw why. It was vaguely human-looking, and very shady... but with a lot more tentacles. His head ITSELF was kind of a shadow tentacle with two wild light wells in the place of eyes. It began to slowly move toward my girlfriend who looked stunned, out of this, on the edge of the bed.

I needed a weapon. Anything. Maybe I could rip off the radiator from the wall and use this as a mace? I wasn't exactly the athletic kind. As in, not at all. Last time, in the train, i tried to help an old lady carrying her luggage. When I tried to... Well, let's just say it was a total disaster. To be fair, she was coming back from an Easter island trip and had her suitcase full of small creepy sculpt...

The creature moved one of it tentacle-arm, bringing my mind back.

Let's be realistic. I was about to watch my girlfriend being slaughtered, and then I'll probably die.

It suddenly pulled out a leaflet from the piece of cloth which dressed him. He then cleared his throat.

"Dear Jake Baker and Lisa Ashling, members of the intelligent specy number 1287469 self-proclaimed "Humanity", we would like to thank you for trying Universe™ professional. Unfortunately, as you probably know, your free trial is now over and without any additional subscription from your part, we are forced to downgrade you to the free version. As you may already know, the full experience comprise more than ten million additional colors, a full HD audio quality, as well as an on-demand deity service (not available in the Universe™ professional free trial). Please do not hesitate to contact us if you want more information regarding the custom packages and pricing. The base offer costs 1000000000HS per millennium and can..."

"Wait what? A free trial? We are living in A FREE TRIAL?"

"What insight. Now if you could avoid any additional unnecessary interruption, I still have around one billion other "human" to see today, and i need to leave as soon as possible. So, as I said..."

"But.. How? How is it possible? W-w-won't we ever return to normal?" stammered Lisa in a low voice.

The creature sighted "Hopefully, we can offer you a large catalogue which, I hope, will offer you anything you need and will answer every question you may have. We accept various kind of payment, from prayers to living sacrifices, but once more, everything is explained here. Now, if I may..."

I yielded at him "Wait. WAIT! You cannot just leave us here? Seriously? Don't you have anything else for us?"

A small flame lit in the tentacle master eyes cavity.

"Aw, thanks for reminding me! I totally forgot... this..." He was looking for something else in his ... pockets? and victoriously retrieved a piece of paper he started to read.

"So... *We’ve updated our Privacy Policy*"