I pulled up in the parking lot of my new job and stared down the building. It looked like a normal dive bar, old bricks, a single window to look into the customers on the inside, a few neon light signaling that we were ‘OPEN’ and we were a ‘BAR’, the white lettering on the black sign that said ‘Martini’s’ was hard to miss. The one unique thing about the place that stuck out like sore thumb was the heavy red door with gold swirls running up the sides. 
Did I ever want to be a bar tender? I mean it wasn’t my dream job but at this point in my life I had to take what I could get. A fresh out of college, in debt student? Yeah, I wanted to make money wherever I could. 

I stepped out of the car and let the warm air tickle the back of my neck. I wasn’t sure how I was going to manage my first night but I was optimistic. Maybe I would meet some interesting characters. 

“There she is!” A voice rang through the nearly empty bar as soon as I stepped into the building. 

“Hey there Nick,” I answered. Nick had been kind enough to give me the easiest shift to let me figure out the basics, 1 am on a Tuesday morning. 

“You got here just in time,” He smiled and he threw his apron behind the bar counter. 
“What? Camilla finally off work so you could go see her?” I jabbed. 

I had known Nick since high school and we remained close friends through our college years. Camilla was a good mutual friend we both had, they had finally started going out after months of awkward sexual tension. Camilla was a new nurse and wanted to impress everyone at her job by taking the worst shifts and never saying no to a request no matter how much it killed her. 

“Oh yea, it’s been over a week since I’ve really gotten to talk to her,” Nick answered with a smile. 

“Don’t let me keep you waiting.” I over exaggerated by gesturing to the door. 

“Don’t mind if I do,” Nick was at the door before he turned back to me. “Hey just some advice, some weird characters come in here- don’t think too much about it.” Nick gave a wave before setting off. 

I turned over Nick’s comment in my head a few times. He had been working at this bar for a couple of years now so I just decided that it was advice I would soon understand.

There seemed to be only two other people in the bar who were about to make their way out. I decided to busy myself with getting familiar with all of the liquor that was on the shelf behind the bar. 

Grabbing Nick’s thrown apron I looked over all of the glass bottles that lined the shelf in front of a mirror. 
This shouldn’t be too hard. I thought to myself. This wasn’t a heavily traveled bar and hopefully, with some ‘feminine charm’ I could rack up the tips quickly.

It wasn’t long before I heard the small bell on the handle of the door jingle with movement. My first drinker- I could do this.

I looked at the door and there stood an older man, his face was slender and he, of all things, was wearing a lab coat. Even from the distance, I was away from him I could see the nametag he had on said ‘Neutron’.

Funny name. I thought. I hadn’t had any chemistry since after my junior year of high school but I was sure that it was a part of an atom that had no charge. 
He came over and sat down and looked rather at home. 

“What can I get ya?” I tried to act like this wasn’t my first day.

“I’ll just have a beer,” He said simply with a smile. I smiled at the easy order. I ducked under the bar, pulled out a bottled beer, knocked the cap off and gave it to him. 

“How much do I owe you?” He asked after a sip.
I quickly went through the prices in my head and knew that the bottle was 4 dollars. 

“For you, no charge,” is what actually came out of my mouth. I flinched at my odd statement. I wanted to say it was 4 dollars again.

“No charge for you buddy,” I stepped back shocked. Why had I said it again?
I stepped away and rubbed my head in confusion. I didn’t choose to say the words they had just came out like a recording. I shook my head and tried to busy myself behind the bar. 

I kept side-eyeing the man who enjoyed his beer quietly. My mind still trying to understand what had just happened before. 

I had my back turned when I heard the door open and close again. I took a deep breath to try and clear my mind for the next customer. 

When I turned around I saw a slender man, thick black beard with long hair to his shoulders. He gave me a friendly smile before walking up to the bar.

“What can I do for you?” I asked.

“I’ll just have a glass of water,” He said in a soft tone. I gave him a questioning look but he seemed contempt with his order. 
I quickly filled up a small cup of water and gave it to the man. What happened next nearly made me fall over in shocked.

Once the man touched the cup, the water started to slowly darken into purple. There was the subtlest smell of wine now coming from the cup.

“What’s your name if you don’t mind me asking?” I cautiously asked.

“Jesús.” The man took a sip of his water-turned wine.
Alright. I thought to myself. I’m having a mental breakdown that is the only explanation. 

I ducked into a small room beside the bar and pulled out my phone. I quickly scrolled through my contacts and found Nick and called him up. It rang only twice before he picked up.

“Unless the bar in on fire you better have a good reason for interrupting date night,” Nick laughed into the phone but had a hint of underlying seriousness.

“The bar’s fine but I’ve just had two of the weirdest experiences of my life.” I ran my fingers through my hair. 

“Nick, I told some guy named Neutron that his drink was no charge like some bad pun or something. Then some guy named Jesús turned water into wine!” I couldn’t keep the anxiety out of my voice.

“Ah,” Nick snickered on the other end of the line. 

“What’s so funny?” I asked in a harsh tone.

“You have I have a lot to talk about tomorrow,”  
