The therapist gave me a pained look. "Ok, look. I know the other, er, attempts weren't successful, but... it's a government-mandated procedure. We don't pay for it, you don't pay for it, but you have to have it. It's like a driver's license, or a social security number - you just have to have one, ok?"

I ran my hand through my hair. "You just... you don't get it, doc. I had a perfect childhood. I have a great job, a beautiful wife, and five years of savings in the bank. I spend time with my kids, I walk my dog, I eat healthy, I don't even have any allergies. For the love of God, please stop sending me therapy droids!"

The therapist sighed. "Look, Mr. Carmichael. As I said, it's government mandated. Everyone has to have one. They don't spy on you, and any data collected can only be unlocked by you. See?"

He turned his laptop towards me; it was waiting for the command code to unlock my data. "Perfectly secure."

I rattled off my password, entered my fingerprint, and typed the twelve digit bio-code. "There, unlocked. Read through the data, doctor! I don't need these droids!"

With a slightly exasperated sigh, he began scrolling through the information. "Emotional stresses, none... health issues, none... ah, marital - oh, no, I see. None. Hmm."

He scrolled further, clicking and muttering to himself. Finally, he stopped, looking back and forth between his screen and my face. I knew what he was seeing; the data showed I was absolutely fine, perfectly balanced, while my face showed the visage of a living train wreck: bags under my bloodshot eyes, wrinkled clothes, a nervous twitch, and a manic glare. "Uh... Mr. Carmichael... this shows you are perfectly balanced. I don't think I've ever seen someone with as balanced a life as you appear to lead. But, uh..."

"My face? The edge of terror in my voice? They don't compute, do they! Well, I'll tell you why they don't fit. None of those questions relate to the well-being of my droid, do they?"

"Well-being... droid? I'm not sure... it does have information about the droid, sir, and it appears that you treat it with respect; you don't have any undiagnosed droid-related fears or biases, as far as I can tell."

I clenched the edge of his desk, feeling the dread and rage filling me. "You're not paying attention, doc. I don't fear the droid. I *do* care about it. But I'm too stable!"

He stared at me blankly. "Too... stable?"

"It's a divide-by-zero error! I have - had - no stress in my life! If I felt out-of-sorts, I'd just go walk in my garden! But then these droids came along, and diagnosed me, and when they find absolutely nothing to fix... they blow up! Every one of them! And that freaks me out, things blowing up, so naturally I get stressed! But then it's not a divide-by-zero error any more, so they're fine! You know what worries me doc? It's only being *stressed* that keeps them from blowing up, so if I'm stressed they are fine, which is a relief, but if I'm relieved then I don't have any worries, which ***MAKES THEM BLOW UP!!*** Being stress-free *makes me stressed out!*"

I stared down at him, panting, and wiped the flecks of spittle from my lips. He gulped, and adjusted his glasses. "Er... yes. I think I understand, now. Er... may I?"

He nodded to the eleventh droid, the ticking time bomb, behind me. "Therapy droid T-D-5-C-C dash, er, eleven? Mr. Carmichael really, really wants... a puppy.

A gentle whir sounded behind me. "Dr. Glashouse, nothing in Charles's demeanor has suggested this. How have you come to this conclusion?"

The doctor removed his glasses, wiping them with a shaky hand. "Er, yes. Well. His records indicate a childhood pet, and perhaps his current state is merely due to the lack of an animal companion, the likes of which have been documented as being stress relief. There is no other stress in his life, so perhaps that is a possible solution?"

I took a deep breath. I counted the beats of my heart as it slowed, feeling the stress leaving me... and watched the droid out of the corner of my eye. It stood for a long moment. I knew it could tell I was losing the immediate stress, and with each passing second, I grew a little less worried that it would explode. Finally, it tilted its head. "Charles Carmichael, I will find you a puppy. A perfect puppy, as similar to your childhood pet as possible. Would this reduce your stress?"

I felt a grin breaking over my face. "Oh, you have no idea, 5CC."

As I lead the explosion-free droid back to my vehicle, I couldn't help but wonder. What would happen once we got a puppy? And more importantly... would *it* get a therapy droid, too?