"Why do you keep looking over your shoulder like that?" Jaya turned and looked in the direction his friend had been glancing, but saw nothing but the flat armor of his ship, the *Sunrise.*

Elvoss looked sheepish for a moment.  "It's nothing.  Just... your ship makes me nervous, okay?  I want to keep an eye on that thing.  What if someone walked off with it?"

"Walked off with a spaceship." Jaya gave his friend a flat look.  "Just stroll into the busiest port in the system and steal a freighter."

"Or a part of it.  A fuel rod or something." Elvoss continued, when his friend still failed to react.  The crystals around his neck flickered unsteadily, a common reaction when a magic-user was startled or nervous.

"Look, I know it's not reasonable, but it gives me the willies to see that sort of power just *sitting* there.  You humans grew up with that sort of thing, but anyone else in the galaxy..." 

"Other people didn't grow up with the concept of parking lots?"

"Other people didn't grow up with the idea of *masterless power.* Look, let me give you a Magic 101 lesson."

Elvoss reached into his tunic and pulled out an amulet, giving it a pulse of energy as he did so.  A ghostly image appeared in front of him, resembling a bird spreading its wings.

"That's your skiff, right?  *Skydancer?*

"Yes.  And believe it or not, this is the only part it needs to work.  With enough mana I could take off and fly from a standing start."

Jaya tilted his head curiously.  "So, what's that big brass number in your hangar, then?"

"Material components.  I *could* conjure the entire skiff from thin air, but the power cost would be off the charts."

Elvoss held the amulet and concentrated, the crystals studded across his body blazing with light.  A pointed triangle of light, resembling the nose cone of his craft, appeared in front of him.  Then it faded away, and the elf sighed with relief.

"The *Skydancer* is entirely my own power.  It's a spell I created in my mind, and all the amulets and crystals and brass wings are just a scaffolding for that spell.  Nobody else can fly her, unless they copy my spell exactly, and that doesn't happen.  Every mage has their own style."

Elvoss pointed at the sunburst symbol on the ship parked behind them.  "*That*, on the other hand, is a masterless machine.  Anybody can walk in, turn it on, and fly away.  A toddler could do it, if they managed to pull the right levers."

The alien clapped his hands together.  "That's Magic 101.  Magic is personal.  Science is something that anyone can use."

Jaya smiled.  "Makes me proud of what my species can do."

"Yeah, well, it *terrifies* anyone else.  If a magician has a dangerous spell, you just have to keep an eye on one person.  But if a scientist is causing trouble, *anyone* can do what they do.  What are you supposed to do against that?  Your species has put a quantum reactor in every port, just waiting for someone who's clever enough to steal it."

"Well, we humans know about security too.  My ship is locked up tighter than a drum.  So don't worry about..."

As they watched, the *Sunrise* shuddered as its engine rumbled to life.  Running lights lit up along its length.

"... you've gotta be kidding me."

They rose from their seats and started running.  "Stop that ship!"