"Ugh, FINALLY my week is OVER!"

The waitress smiled in agreement. "It's great when you finally get your days off huh?"

"Yeah, I think I work too much. But the check makes it worth it."

"Well hun, what do you want? The usual?"

"Ye... actually no, it's Christmas eve. Bring me a big steak this time, and some bourbon."

"Ooo, big spender today." She laughs with a smile "I'll bring it right out."

Such a shame she's already married, oh well. Looking around this place is even emptier than normal. Wood floors are especially clean today, not too many customers I guess.

In a corner booth a man sits up holding his head. He stands, stumbles and starts towards the door next to me.

*Guy's obviously wasted, had way too much to drink. Makes me wonder why? But there's no bottles on his table? No food either? How long has he been sleeping there?*

"Heeeey, Edddy" he smiles, slurring in his stupor.
I look around. No one else is here. "Sir, my name isn't Eddy. It's John. Who are you?"

"Huh? You're right. You're not Ed. Sorry dude that's my bad. You should never mix drinks with jumps ha ha." The man laughs at his mistake. He's slurring less, so that's an improvement, maybe he's sobering already. "But I swear I know you, yeah, you were with Ed when it happened."

"Dude, I don't know anyone by the name of Ed." *Who is Ed?*

The man stares inquisitively before grabbing a phone out of his pocket and hold it to my face. "Are you sure you don't? What's today? And before you give the date just tell me the year." 

"It's Christmas 2018"

"Shiiiiit, I'm off by 60 years. Ugh, how did I make such a mistake? Hey John, I need you to do something for me."

"I don't know you. Why do you need my help?"

"You're gonna meet a guy in 2070. I need you to take him something." From his pocket he takes a box. It looks small in his hand, but as he put it on the table it seems ... infinite. I reach out and pick it up, I see ... I see too much. "He's gonna need this ASAP. And you'll see him before I do. Jumping may have a bunch of science stuff in it but it's still not an exact science, ya know."

"No, I don't. I have no idea what you're talking about. What is this? How much information is in it?"

"You can read it? Well that's cool. I didn't know you could Johnny. Well you're gonna have enough time to find out. And yeah, that's my fault, Ed's gonna help me create time jumping in roughly 2000 years. I'm giving him some reading material. Just messed up the days I guess. And now I can't jump to where I need to be for a few years. I've played with time enough to figure out how cruel it can be."

*Who is this guy?*

"Anyway, John. Thanks for helping me. Ed will be in New York city when the ball drops on 2070. Trust me, you'll know who he is when you get there. Just try not to forget ... actually no, take this too" On my arm he places a watch. Looks like a smart watch, but much thinner. I can't even feel it. It eventually fades away, completely undetectable, even to me. "I don't have the time to tell you how to work it. But it will let you know when the right time is. RIGHT?" The watch blinks green before vanishing again. "Well I guess I'll see you later then Johnny boy. Tell Amy that Archibald says hi when you meet her. Man I wish I wasn't married just so I could have a chance with her. You're gonna be a lucky guy. See ya" With that he touches his wristwatch and he's gone.

"Here you go John. Medium well steak with potatoes and green beans. The cake? Well that's my gift to you for Christmas." The waitress beams while bringing out my food. But she sees my confused look on my face. "You ok? Something wrong?"

"Huh what? No, uhh thanks Debbie. Hey did you serve a guy in that booth earlier? White guy in his 30's? Said his name was Archibald?"

"No, why?"

"No reason. Bring me another bourbon, I think I'll have a few today."

*Who is Ed?*

*Who was that guy?*

*For that matter, who am I?*