I held up Teresa's arm by the wrist. She was struggling to get up; I'd already done a number on her, and her healing was starting to falter. 

"Teresa, what's this?" I asked.

"M-My arm..." she looked up at me confused.

"No, it's *my* arm." I wrenched her forearm free, leaving naught but a bloody, ragged stump at her elbow. The blood-curdling scream which accompanied it was music to my ears. I cackled to myself and held her hand in mine. It had already turned pale from the blood loss, but I loved it all the same. I locked my fingers with hers.

Teresa looked to be holding back another scream as she struggled to push herself up. The broken rib I'd given her earlier seemed to be troubling her to no end. She was weak, I could see her approaching her limit... *"Just a little more, darling. Then you can rest."* I thought to myself.

Teresa pushed herself back up against a wall, seemingly unable to support herself any longer.

"What's the matter, Teresa? Are you done already?" The thought genuinely hurt. I wouldn't have her giving up before she'd reached her breaking point; not now, not ever. Those were the rules.

I smiled as I watched her arm begin to regrow. In about five minutes, it'd be good as new; her ribs would be much the same.

"S-Sara..." Teresa coughed up blood and began to sob. "Why do you do this?" She seemed out of it. "Every time, it's the same story. You beat me to a pulp... and then you give up. You shred me to ribbons and then you smile, and act like nothing happened. D-Do you not understand? It hurts... It hurts so much, that I wish you'd just kill me!" 

I smiled. "And still you come running."

She heaved softly from the pain. "Because you'd kill everyone... you wouldn't stop until I came; but why? Why do you do this!?" Poor thing; perhaps she'd earned her respite for today.

I walked over and crouched down to her level. To see her flinch at something so innocuous was absolutely delightful. I took the hem of my pullover between my fingers and dabbed away her tears. "Because, Teresa, I'm a bad person. I like to hurt things... animals, people, etc. I like to watch them bleed and squirm and scream."

I picked her up gingerly and carried her from the rubble of the storefront I'd collapsed on her.

"Why me, Sara? W-What did I do to make you hate me so much?" I carried her in silence all the way back to the house. There'd never been any secret identities between us or such nonsense. That was for comic books. "Sara!?" She practically yelled. "Answer me, please!" Her voice was hoarse. 

"Just a moment, Teresa."

I crushed the doorknob and wrenched it free of the door. I slipped my fingers into the mechanism and fiddled with it until the door opened. I stepped inside and carried her to her room. There was a soft rustling as I laid her down on her bed. I took a seat at the end, next to her feet.

After another moment's pause, I spoke up. "I know it's wrong... To want to do the things I do. I tried to stop myself, to chain the beast, so to speak. It doesn't work. It gnaws through the chains until it's free, and then it whispers in my ear all the things it knows I truly want to do."

"Then I met you, and I found the person I knew I was fated to meet. Someone who could take all the pain I have to give, without breaking."

"I can't hope to tell you the absolute joy I felt the first time jammed my hand through your abdomen." I blushed. "I went a bit lower than I'd intended... I've had my hands in more than enough people to know what an ovary feels like." I chuckled.

"When I pulled my hand free and watched it drip with your blood and gore... it made my spine tingle. When I looked back down, the wound was gone. Do you know what I thought, Teresa?" I clambered over, and propped myself up over her on my hands and knees.

"W-What?..." She gulped, afraid I'd get caught up in the frenzy and tear into her again.

"That God had taken mercy on me and all my torment. I'd found the one who could take it, the one who I wouldn't be able to kill no matter how much I hurt them."

She cried softly. "I'm not a toy, Sara! I'm not your punching bag!"

I wiped away her tears. "No, Teresa... you're not. You're the one person who matters."

"When the blood-lust crawls up my spine, and I feel that beast consume my thoughts, I think of you." I brushed a lock of hair from her eyes. "Because you're the one thing it loves too."

She swallowed the lump in her throat. "I-I-*mmmph!*" I cut her off with a gentle kiss. She reached up and struggled to put distance between the two of us. Her body had long since healed, but even with her strength back she couldn't hope to push me away.

"For all the things wrong with my head, I do this because I love you; because you came in and took one for the team. You have no idea just how many people you've saved, by simply being who you are." I cradled her in my arms, and she finally gave up her struggle, seemingly resigned to her fate. "You really are a hero."

(I decided to merge the concept of the powerful villain with the one who the hero can't beat. She doesn't hold back, because she knows the hero will always come to the rescue. To hesitate or give up would mean wholesale slaughter of more than a few people.)