A couple of the hazmat crew dragged the body away as two more hosed the floor where it had bled out. Detective Victor Greiss pressed the intercom and said, “Next.” Agent Miller, in his yellow hazmat suit, prodded the next case with his pistol. The man shambled in, whimpering, his head and shoulders down. *A guilty dog,* the Detective reminded himself, *that’s all they are: Rabid dogs.*

It stopped just before the aluminum table and chair set in the center of the room and stared at the diluted pool of blood left draining into the sewer. Its eyes widened and its lip quivered. With its handcuffed hands, it wiped the snot from its nose. Its reddened eyes darted to the two-way mirror where the Detective sat behind. It yelped, “I’m not one of them!”

The Detective hit the intercom. “Sit.”

It startled at his voice, and its teary blue eyes darted around the white room.

*It looks pitiful squinting at the lights.*

Detective Greiss clicked the intercom. “I said sit... Agent Miller, find Mister Gooding its seat.” Agent Miller cracked its head with his pistol and shoved it in chair. The Detective clicked the intercom, and the dog looked up through its matted brown hair.

Detective Victor Greiss asked, “Why do you kill us?”

“I duh-don’t know wah-wah-what you’re taw-taw-talking about,” the thing stuttered, before stopping to sob, “Where’s M-M-Mary? Wh-where’s my-my wife?”

“You don’t have a wife.”

“What d-do you mean?” it asked. Its reddened eyes scoured the two-way mirror. They widened. “What’s happened to her? Where’s Mary?” He pushed himself up, and bit, “Tell me!”

“Agent Miller,” the Detective said. The hazmat agent kicked the inside of its knee. The thing thudded against the table, and fell back into the chair. The Detective said, “You’ve never had a wife - no family. You’ve killed someone else’s family and took over this body, sure, but they’re not yours. Now, answer the questions, dog.”

The thing writhed against the table, and blood trickled over its forehead. Agent Miller straightened it up by its collar. Dazed, it said, “I’m not saying shit until you tell me where.”

“The thing that was once Misses Gooding was mopped up just before you came in." *That’ll get the dog riled up.*

It looked over the mirror, seemingly deaf to what the Detective had said, then at its feverish cuffed hands. Its eyes welled.

*It knows.*

It turned to Agent Miller and pawed at the agent's hazmat suit. It begged, “What did…?"

Agent Miller slapped its cuffed hands away with his gun. 

It muttered, “No - No, no, no," then turned to the mirror. It pled, "What did you say?”

“I said we put her down, Mister Gooding. That pink puddle will have to be sufficient evidence, my friend; we cremate your victims after we’re finished.”

Its blue eyes turned rabid. It barked, “You monster!” It shot up and kicked aside the chair, “Why?”

“I’ve heard enough, Agent Miller.” The hazmat agent kicked the dog to the floor. He put a firm boot to its back, pressing its face into the puddle.The agent drew his pistol and aimed at its head. Agent Miller looked to the mirror and said, “Are you sure, Detective Greiss?”

The dog spat the pink water as it begged, “Where’s Mary?”

“Put it down. Next.”

“Where’s my daugh-”

The agent fired.

 
The hazmat crew dragged the body away then hosed the floor and exited, but Agent Miller had not brought the next dog. The intercom clicked on. “I said next.” The door opened. Agent Miller pushed through with his shoulder. In his yellow arms a tiny girl, no older than five, with tussled blonde hair and a dirty white dress that puffed around her shoulders. Memories pervaded Victor Greiss's mind. Screams, her reddened caramel eyes crying as she demanded to know where her father was. He had begged, *Let me speak to her!* but the hazmat agents held him behind the glass. *She is rabid,* they stated and they shoved him out the viewing room. *Daddy!* she screamed, *I want my Daddy!* The door had closed and only her muffled screams were heard. He beat the door with his shoulder and fists - the gunshot. 

Silence.

“Detective Greiss?” Miller said, “Sir, do we...?”

The Detective reminded himself, *Rabid dogs.* He cleared his throat and said, “Sit it down, Agent Miller.”

The agent nodded and carried the girl to the table. He whispered, “Don’t worry, darling. Just answer the man’s questions, okay?” and set her on the aluminum chair, careful not to fold her white dress beneath her. The girl wiped her nose with a chubby wrist and a sniffle. She nodded. Her head barely cleared the table; Agent Miller pushed it aside and stepped back.

Detective Victor Greiss hit the intercom and said, “Why-”

“Why do you kill us?” she cried.

“Yes. Why do you kill us?”

“No,” she said, shaking her blonde head. She looked to the pink puddle below her and sobbed, “Why do YOU kill us?”

The Detective’s mind raced, *Is this the parasite - the alien? My God, finally some answers.*  “Am I speaking with Mary Gooding?”

The girl shifted in the chair. She sniffled, and her voice quivered. “We are Mary Gooding.”

“You are not Mary Gooding. The girl is dead; the girl, her mother, the father,” Victor Greiss noticed the girl’s red runny nose and teary almond eyes. He said, “they’re all-”

“We are Mary Gooding!” she yelled, straining her small voice. “And,” a hoarse voice screamed from within her, “We are Benjamin Gooding, you prick! and,” it turned soft and effeminate. The voice of Benjamin’s wife whispered, “We are April Gooding…” The little girl’s tiny voice returned, “Why do you kill us?”

Victor Greiss pressed the intercom. It clicked on. Then off.

“We are,” it said, with a different, yet familiar, little child’s voice, “Stephanie Greiss. Why did you kill me?” Her reddened almond eyes searched for him through the mirror. Her lips quivered. She sobbed, “Why, Daddy? Why did you hurt me?”

Victor hit the intercom. “I am so sorry, Steph. You – You’re not my girl. You’re not real.”

“Sir?” the agent asked, and looked to the mirror.

“But I am, *Daddy!* Don’t you *believe* me? The voices are so scary, Daddy! Daddy, *please* don’t make me go back! It’s s-so c-cold there! I *miss* you, Daddy! I promise, I’ll brush my teeth! I’ll go to bed whenever you say, Daddy! Just let me come home, *Daddy!* I want to come home! They said they’ll let me come home, Daddy! They say mommy can come, too! *Oh, Daddy*! Won’t *you* let me come home?”

“How?” the word had slipped.

“Sir!” the agent said, and stepped away from her. He drew his weapon.

“Agent Miller, stand down!” Could it be true? Could Steph be in her? Could I save her? No. Of course not. But that’s her voice!

“Daddy, *please!* Please let us come -” The agent backhanded the girl. She dropped from the chair with a scream and a splash. “Daddy!” Stephanie sobbed as she crawled through the pink puddle to the corner, her lip cracked and bleeding. “Please, don’t let him hurt me, daddy! Daddy, please! I forgive you, Daddy!”

But Daddy was already at the door. He crashed through, pistol drawn, and screamed, “LAY DOWN YOUR WEAPON!”

“Sir! It is not her!”

“LAY IT DOWN!”

“Daddy!” her voice cracked, “Help me, Daddy!”

“I GAVE YOU AN ORDER!”

“Daddy, kill him, Daddy! Shoot him dead, Daddy!”

The agent whirled his weapon. “Sir! I cannot let you do this!”

*Murder him, Daddy. Fuck him up, Daddy. Paint the Twinkie boy red, Daddy.*

The voice came from inside his head and with it a migraine. The room spun, and his skull was crunching in a vice, his brain bursting out the sides. Daddy fell to his knees and gripped his head.

Murder him, Daddy. Shoot him. Gut the fucker, Daddy, and I can come home. We can be a family, again, Daddy.

He let out a moan (or was it a scream?) The pain was sharp and hot, and all over his body at once. Victor fell to his side and convulsed.

Across the pink puddle, in her wet, white dress, Stephanie smiled and said, “Thank you, Daddy.”

“What?” Miller said, and watched the detective struggle to his knees. Miller took aim at the girl and fired.

Her white dress seeped a dark red. She coughed blood, and cried, “Daddy, murder-”

He shot again. This time in her head. The tiny body keeled to the side, the pink puddle turned red. Agent Miller sighed.

*He murdered me, Daddy. He shot me twice. But the voices said I can still come back, Daddy. They need more bodies, Daddy. More people. Please help me come back, Daddy. I miss you so much.*

Daddy sniffled. “Anything, sweetheart.”

Agent Miller spun.

Daddy shot first.


----

Admittedly, I wrote this a while ago but I thought it was quite fitting.