For eight hours, the earth has been in panic as the hordes of flying saucers swarmed overhead, blacking out the sky itself. A cannon on each aimed towards the civilians, while every hour a message was broadcast. The same message each time, in a booming volume that caused the presidents of nations to cower and even the most fool hardy to hide. 

"Why should we not destroy your planet?"

Seven reptitions occured, seven demands. And each time the aliens were met only with silence. But then, the eighth hour came. 

And there was a noise. A *tap tap* into a microphone in Detroit, a cleaning of a throat, and a single voice that spoke for the entirety of earth. 

"May I have your attention please?"  It whined, then paused as all fell silent, and the eyes of civilians and weapons of aliens trained upon him, "May I have your attention please?"

Then the voice spoke again, harsh this time. Heavy. 

"I am the real slim shady. And for earth, *i have stood up*."

And it began. 

***

Y'all act like you've never seen a homo sapien before,

Just stepping right in, just looking to score,

Before you've seen the historical source,

For annihilation, desecration, decimation, fuck your nation,

And I'm like, "You kidding?" Ha ha!


Come to fuck over two hundred k years,

Fuckin the kids, fuckin their fear,

And knowing nothin can stand in the way,

But the words, the words I gotta say. 


We humans are more than you'll admit,

We know we're legit, we know we won't quit, we know we've got grit,

And we're about to turn space ship into space shit. 

after what we've been through, don't sweat it. 


Evolved out of apes, subclassed into mammals,

Picking up stone tools before we rode camels,

Stone Age, steel age, Industrial Age, minimum wage animals,

And now shouting out story down your ear canals, 

Until you get the hell out before we go all Hannibal. 


But we humans, were the universe's dime, 

We can bust a rhyme, have yet to bust time,

Sent vessels to the moon, then Mars in my lifetime,

Pressing to break the speed limit of light's line,

And not about to become a meal that you'll dine. 


So get the fuck out, take your feet off our doorstep, 

Wait it's too late, your gonna regret that last parsec,

It's gonna be a real bitch to get your bloodstain out of our carpet,

Because "Oh, there goes gravity", now learn some respect. 

***

With the world silent, Eminem dropped his mike. And the ships came crashing down. 

***

By Leo

