“Harold! Do you have a minute?”

“What is it now? I’m busy!”

“Harold! I think the computer has… Just come in here for once when I call for you, dammit!”

It took Harold a little over three minutes to put his gardening tools away, wash his hands, clean his boots, and to climb the stairs to the guest room where Beverly was. The door was ajar, but he couldn’t get it open fully – something was on the other end, something solid and immovable. He squeezed through, just barely. 

“Beverly, what in the seven heavens did you-” 

“Look, Harold. There’s a thing there. I… think I broke the computer, and I don’t know how to fix it.”

The good news was that Beverly seemed fine. Harold’s fears about her having fallen or hurt herself were unfounded. They had been farmers most their lives, and were sturdier and more resilient than most, but Harold knew too that they couldn’t run the risk of any injuries at their age. A single broken hip was more than enough to consign them to a wheelchair for the rest of their lives. 

The bad news, was that a giant arrow, bone white with an ebony edge, hung in the air, right behind the door. There were indents in the wood where the arrow had refused to yield to the door.

“Harold, I don’t know what I clicked. I was just following the instructions the boys wrote out for me, then… then…”

“Can you move it? Is it… connected?”

“I don’t… I think so. I’m not sure, it gave me such a fright.”

“Well, try it. See if it moves. Don’t be worried, I’m here with you.”

Harold watched as the arrow swayed in tandem with Beverly’s movement of the mouse. The arrow moved perpendicular to the door, and in a flash of inspiration, Harold tapped the keyboard. Suddenly, the arrow started moving along a different axis, and when Harold tapped again, the arrow returned to its original plane.

“Have you clicked on anything, Bev?”

“Yes. Things go blue, like *this*.”

“And the right?”

“Right what?”

“Right click, Bev. The other button?”

“What other button?”

“Here, come, let me try that. Scoot over, Bev. Geez, the seat’s so hot!”

The arrow hovered over the door, which turned blue as Harold selected it. Then, a quick click later, a panel of options popped up next to it.

“What do all these things mean, Harold? What’s happening?”

“I don’t know much more about these things than you, Bev. But if I had to guess, and if we’re both not completely mad… I think maybe we can change the door, just by clicking on these things. Let’s try, shall we?”

As they cycled through the options presented to them, the door fizzled and popped, obediently snapping to the choices they made. The door cycled colours like the rainbow, then changed designs before their eyes, and at one point even disappeared, completely, before Harold hit the option for ‘Default’.

“What’s ‘Info’ there, what does it do?”

“Only one way to find out, Bev.”

The text spilled out in a splash of white and black, like giant smoke rings which lingered too long. 

> This ‘Door’ was constructed in 1975. It is made of mahogany, fine-grain, which was cut and prepared in late 1974. There are two coatings on it, one to protect the wood, and another for visual effect. It weighs 25 pounds, is weighted to close naturally, and has an inset of steel which acts to…

“Try the phone next, Harold. See if it works on the phone?”

> This ‘Telephone’ was constructed in 1980. It is a Western Electric Model 500, with improved transmission and receiver efficiency. The rotary mechanism is still at 92% efficiency, though the plastic coatings are approximately 23,000 calls away from wearing down. A total of 492 calls have been made on this ‘Telephone’, and…

They were silent for a moment. When Beverly spoke next, there was a wavering timbre in it which spoke of distress. Harold knew, because he had been with her for over forty years, and there was little in her mannerisms which was hidden to him at this point.

“Harold, do you think you can… I don’t know, find out more about those calls? Like you can on those portable telephones they have these days?”

“I… suppose we could, Bev. This arrow here seems pretty useful for just about anything. But I don’t think-”

“Please, can you try? I just want to see, I promise.”

The options were laid out more intuitively than Harold expected. A few more right clicks, a couple more left clicks, and Harold soon found what they were looking for.

> You have selected to view the previous ‘50’ calls made over this ‘Telephone’, and- You have selected to view the call made on ’20 March 2014, 4:55 pm’, and- You have selected to ‘Playback’ this call…

A click resonated through the room, then voices, voices flowed through hidden speakers, flooding the room with a richness no modern stereo could mimic. They heard Beverly’s voice, fuller, more energetic than it was now, but also more urgent, higher-pitched, tinged with an edge of desperation.

And in reply they heard Natalie’s voice, angry, heated, cutting. Words which both lifted their hearts, buoyed them with a flush of memories, but which also salted them with despair, like the unstringing of wilded kites eager to take off with the winds.

When the recording of the call was over, Harold saw that the arrow was pulsing in the air, a correlation to his hand which was shaking over the mouse. He let go, and soon found that Beverly had clasped her hands to his, squeezing, demanding.

“Go on, Harold, go on. See where else it can go. If I took a picture of Natalie here, could it… I mean, do you think you could even get it to pull up options for her…”

“No, Beverly. I think we shouldn’t.”

“No, that’s not what I meant. I mean, we can just try, you know, just to see if there is anything that-”

Harold pulled Beverly closer, then planted a kiss on her forehead. That was the spot, the one place he knew could always calm her. He felt her shoulders sag when he did, a bit of the fight seeped out of her, like the air from a punctured balloon.

“Then what after that, Bev? If there was an option to bring her back, would we click it? Then what next? Would the arrow work on us too? Are there options for us too? Would you click on those as well?”

“But… Harold… I just miss her… so much…”

“I do too, love, I do too… But I don’t think we’re meant to use this arrow here, and I’m not sure we can turn anything back if we do.”

Beverly had her face buried in his shoulder at this point, and the warmth was leaking down his shirt. He kissed her forehead again, then held his fingers out over the keyboard.

“Bev, my love. I won’t do it if you don’t want me to. But I propose this, shall we? I’ll close this program, shut it down. Hopefully the arrow goes away. Then I want you to come down with me. We’ll tend to the roses together, the ones out in front. We’ll watch the sun go down again, and we’ll have that roast you were looking forward to. Then we’ll crack open the photos downstairs, the ones you’ve hidden away. We’ll go through them, and we’ll be thankful for everything that we’ve had. Then we’ll do all of this again tomorrow, and we’ll forget that we ever saw the damn arrow, ok?”

“You sure that we shouldn’t…”

“I’m pretty sure, Bev. And I think you know it too. If we were young again, who knows what we would have done with the arrow? But… I would like to think that at this point in our lives, with all that we’ve seen and learned… we would know that the past cannot be undone. Wouldn't you agree?”

Beverly nodded. It took her a bit longer than Harold expected, but she did. 

And when she did, he tapped the keys, and the computer shut down. The arrow disappeared instantaneously, taking with it the wall of text which had covered the room at that point.

Then, hand-in-hand, they walked down the stairs, out to the garden, where the roses were waiting for them.

---

/r/rarelyfunny
