"So, how'd that feel?" The masked man grinned as he spoke to me, dagger deep into my thigh. Hot, rancid breath filled my nostrils as I coughed up some more blood and stared up at his face, my vision blurry.

"I've... learned long ago that... that life is a farce. Nothing matters anymore. Just do whatever you want to do." I managed, trying to sound confident. Instead, it came out as a mere whimper. He simply laughed in response.

"Just hurry up and rewind the clock again. I'm in the mood to fuck up some tyke." The masked man demanded. To be honest, there was nothing I could do but slowly obey his wish, as I felt my life pour from my body.

Long ago, I was gifted the blessing of immortality by some trailer park scum. But like most gifts, it had a monkey's paw element. Yes, I would never fade from this universe... but that didn't mean I couldn't DIE. I'd simply be reborn as a toddler... with the memory of a 80 year old.

To be honest, like most people, I dismissed the initial gifting as bullshit... that was, until my wife developed leukemia. I cried like a baby when I heard the news truthfully. It was very aggressive and spread like a wildfire, and she died a few months later. It wasn't long before my two children... my beautiful, beautiful children... were hit by a car. Drunk driver, they said. He got probation, but my babies got the ultimate death sentence. It was around this time when I realized I couldn't take it, stole my friend's pistol, and promptly shot myself in the face...

... and nothing happened... except I went through just about the worst shrinkage of my life. I went from a strapping 6'2 man to a 3'4 toddler. But don't worry, the trailer trash were right about the memory shit. I remember everything. And I remembered how I was never going to fucking die.

I had went out to find my way back to the trailer park where these bastards had given me my gift when I was abducted by some pedo. Obese, smelly, and an absolute sociopath. He took me and brought me back to his house, and in my 5 year old prison, there was nothing I could do but struggle weakly. He just literally brought me into the house and stabbed me in the chest, but... I didn't die. The wound simply closed up after a few minutes. After a few more tries, he decided that his personal mission would be to remove my immortality... his own way.

For example, he'd lock me in his basement (which was sadly my new home for decades), let me age until 14, and then come down and, with no words, shoot me in the head. He'd let me age until 10, and then cut my head off. Maybe one day slip some parasite into my usual meal and let me get eaten alive for a month before I'd drop gracefully dead for around a minute before I'd get up again. I'd regrow every last part of my body, and it brings me absolutely no joy to proclaim that I've seen this man age from a young adult to a middle aged man.

So that's my life. That's what I'm "blessed" with. And as I lay here, "dying", I wonder... at what point in what life will I ever see a white light?