Leaf
Leaf.  Leaves.  I wish they'd all just leave.  Fucking red leaves, fucking yellow leaves, fucking dry leaves, and fucking wet leaves I just hate em' all.  Ever since that first leaf fell not even a month ago, a slow, dementing decent of leaves covered every last inch of my home.  It's 4:22 AM, and I've had enough of the leaves.  I'll get rid of every last one of them that's not attached to a tree.

I rush out to my storage shed and choose from my many rakes.  I grab the one with a mahoganny handle and long steel teeth.  Yes.  This is the ultimate implement of leafy destruction.

I start to pull the rake across the front lawn.  I use so much force that the grass comes up with the leaves.  Within 10 minutes, the entire yard is clear, every last leaf in a massive pile by the side of the road.  But looking around, I know my job is only begun.  The street is covered in leaves, so I sweep the streets.  As I do, the rake sends sparks into the air.  Some of the drier leaves burn.  Good, I think, the bastards deserve it.

Once the pile is twice as large, the street clear I move on to my roof, then my pool.  Once there isn't a single leaf left on my property, I start my neighbors yards.  By time the sun rises, every single leaf in the culdesac is all contained in one massive pile in the center.  That is, ever single leaf but the ones on the cars.  Before, I left them alone in fear of damaging them, but surely the neighbors hate the leaves as much as I do.

=====================

"Morning Jim," Ben said.

"Notice you didn't say good," Jim said, lighting a cigarette.  He handed one to Ben.

"How could it be this time of day?" Ben said.

"What are we going to do about Mike?" Jim said.

"I oughta beat with my bat is what I oughta do," Ben said.

"But if you do that, he'll have a bad trip.  Who knows how much worse it could get," Jim said.

"A bad trip?  And what do you call beating every car in the neighborhood with a rake?" Ben said.

Jim took a long draw.  "I call that the happiest maniac I've ever seen."  He pointed, and Ben looked.  There, Mike was burning the massive pile of leaves in the center of the culdesac, doing a ritualistic dance.

"Christ," Ben said, "How much acid does it take to kill a man?"

"Too much, apparently." Jim said.  And they both finished their cigarettes, got in their dented leaf free cars, drove past the pyro and it's maniac, on to a world covered in leaves.