I’ve lived a pretty average life my whole life. I’m 19 years old now and I’ve realized this strange ability I have. I perceive colors and light and art completely differently than others do. When I was younger my parents took me to doctor after doctor trying to find out what was wrong with my sight. Eventually they gave up and diagnosed me as color blind as a scapegoat. I didn’t mind really. After that point I’ve lived a completely normal life. 

My ability never really affected my life. Of course I passed in all my art classes with flying colors for “giving a new perspective on art” as my teachers called it, even though I was just creating what I saw. Other than that I never had many major problems in my life caused by it. I had many friends, played sports, listened to music perfectly fine. Everything was normal. 

It was the summer after my senior year of high school and my friends and I were looking to make a summer trip. All of my friends were fascinated by my ability to see different thing when looking at art work. Often times we’d go to our city’s art museum look at paintings and I’d tell them what I saw. It sometimes got boring to me because I was just telling them what I saw. Sometimes they were extravagant other times they were simple. It was decided that summer we were all going to take a trip to the Lourve Museum in Italy to see the world renown Mona Lisa. They’d all seen pictures of it online (I had not) and they wanted to see what I saw when seeing this world famous painting. And so, we packed up, took a flight and within a few days we were entering the doors into the museum. 

Immediately as we walked in there were signs clearly pointing out which floor the painting was on and where to go, most likely due to the popularity of the painting. We took the escalator up and walked into the room of the painting. 

My friends were in awe and walked up to the picture. From what I heard around me, it sounded as if it was a painting of a woman. I walked a few steps behind my friends and ended up joining up with them. I took a look at them and they were staring at the picture. Then I took a look... 

The painting that was displayed in front of me was NOT a woman smiling at all. Instead it was a completely absurd scene. What I laid my eyes on was a 3D portrait of a lizard sitting and smiling with a bowl of steaming soup sitting on his head. Behind him was a rainbow with colors inexplicable radiating out over the landscape and even glowing out of the picture. There was a grassy field in the background with the sun shining as well. It almost reminded me of Easter morning. The painting was in a crisp golden frame that was glowing and lighting up the entire room. I was drawn to this painting so much I stared at it for an extremely long time. I was lost in the picture. Time seemed to freeze. It was so beautiful. 

My friend Ronald rapped on my shoulder breaking my concentration from the picture. They looked amazed and were searching for my answer to tell them what I saw. 

“Boy.. I got some stuff to tell you...”