Old Billy Jolly's life was far from remarkable. Twenty eight years young and in his whole adult life he'd spent about as much time in daylight as a hooker on Easter Sunday.

Yes, Billy was a loser. That is, until his mom blew her brains out and the house, along with the little basement that he called "The Kingdom", went into foreclosure. Billy Jolly was forced out of his second womb and suddenly had to find a way for himself.

Of course he'd searched the house for a will or cash, but his mom, as it turns out, had squandered the inheritance she'd received just five years prior when her husband, Jolly Billy Jolly, also blew his brains out. Most perturbing, by far, was the seeming similarity of both of their suicide notes; in fact, they said verbatim the same thing.

"Dear Billy,

We've failed you as parents, but perhaps you can take from our example and follow us into the afterlife. Knowing you, you'll fuck that up too."

None of these circumstances helped Billy's confidence, but nevertheless he went to a local employment agency. It was difficult: he'd never really had much contact with people: no girlfriends, close friends, no real "irl" world for Billy, so to speak. But here we was, sitting across from a placement specialist and more nervous than a hooker on Easter Sunday.

"Masseuse?" Billy said, incredulously.

"Yes sir, that's going to have to be it. We're fresh out of corporate CEO, banker, and modeling positions. I'm afraid this is the only option."

"Very well, m'lady," Billy responded dejectedly.

He rationalized that a lifetime of aggressive masturbation must count for something and decided to delve into his new profession. He'd be a masseuse! he told himself over and over. The training being minimal, he found himself just moments later in a room with a beautiful young woman who he was to massage.

"Just the shoulders please," she said shyly and turned her back to him.

"I can do this," Billy whispered to himself as he clutched his arms on either shoulder.

It only lasted a moment before Billy found himself looking down at the mangled corpse-- the same way that a closet Catholic sadist may look down on a hooker on Easter Sunday.

All that masturbation, he thought, had left him with inhuman strength. Proudly he reached behind and patted himself on the back with both hands, and with that he finally realized the wishes of his parents.

