[((A sort of sequel to this post))](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5z0yrs/comment/deut0ti?st=J08LL167&sh=38c3ce41) 

"In vain."

I spat at the term. None of what I had done would be for nothing. The things I had said, the actions I had ordered, the people I had killed. My ends would justify all of the means. I had been so sure...

Everything was set. Ever-Queen Yvelta, the Great and Terrible, would die by my hand. I would be in her bed, as I had been countless times, but with an enchanted blade in hand. And once she fell asleep, I would cut the Amulet of Vanity from her neck, the magical edge snapping the silver chain, and thus her wounds, sins, and age would no longer be absorbed by the gem. Thus, when the knife pierced her lovely throat, nothing would stop her life from ending. Yvelta the Eternal would be Yvelta the Dead. And I would become Kval Tyrantslayer, Kval the Liberator! I would be carried upon the shoulders of the servants and slaves, my name would be sung through out every hall, the legend of my sacrifice and my cleverness immortalized!

Oh my regrets would haunt me. Of that I have no doubt. Especially that final action, that betrayal of the Ever-Queen's trust. But it would be worth it. A betrayal, and one blackened soul to save thousands.

But Kval is not the name they chant. It is Fjorna. A half-breed peasant girl raised in godless apostasy from both Ynveruul and the Buried Gods. It was she that ended Yvelta's thousand year reign. And how? By cleverness? By cunning? By sacrifice? No! By brute force, by ego! Her great sword being of matching power to Yvelta's Hammer of Conquest, her spells muting the voice of dead conquerors from whispering in Yvelta's ear through the Bracelet of Forbidden Knowledge. All that was left was the Amulet. And Yvelta, stupid Yvelta, agreed to the Dwarven rite of challenge! Agreed to a fair duel, removing the Amulet...

I could have given her a quick death, while she slept. I could have let her keep her dignity. Instead I watched as her soul was sucked into Fjorna's blade, her body twisted and sapped of youth until it was but a monstrous thing, cling to the air in desperation before it stilled. I think, maybe, I loved her. 

But I would have killed her, I was going to. And why? For fame? Perhaps, and yet it is now robbed from me. More than that, I am a hated member of Yvelta's inner circle. For my god then. And yet, my god has favored some nobody with a sword over me, despite my trials, a nobody that does not enforce worship of Ynveruul, but allows for all religions to sully the land. If fame and faith are then null, then the only comfort for me is folk. The people and their freedom. Yes, the people, who I can hear gathering now, chanting eagerly for my head and those of the people in cells beside me, we who served Yvelta best, despite admitting to plotting a coup. The bloodthirsty masses now unleashed.

And so I have nothing. I am no hero, I am hated. I am no servant of god, I am cast aside. I am not even a free man, but a victim of mob justice. But days ago I had been Chancellor of the Eternal's Council, favored consort of the Ever-Queen, and the second most feared being by any man or dwarf. I am torn then; should I have acted sooner, and reaped reward, or should I have been more ruthless in crushing Fjorna and her rebellion? If all of this is the will of my god and my people, then perhaps I should have defied them both. Yvelta was cruel, but honest. Under her there was Order. Under her, the Buried Gods spoke and answered prayers. Under her, I was a man of power...

So then it is decided. I give a nod to Tjoridgran, once Marshall of the Eternal Army, and he acts swiftly. Our guard, his back to the bars, is seized, neck-snapped before he can make a commotion. Grabbing his keys, I unlock our cell door, and that of the others who served Yvelta. I can hear now that soon we are to be cuffed and marched out the gate to the arena, and so I waste no time, and kick down the opposite door. Councilors, generals, priests, and servants all follow as we sneak out to the city. Soon enough, the alert is given and guards surge out behind us. We run through the towns, aiming for the dense forest just beyond. Arrows fly, and several fall into the snow, blood pouring from their torsos. But we make it, we weave through the trees out of sight and out of range. 

A day later, we meet in a clearing we had discussed before our escape. Not all come, but most do. As they gather in a small crowd, I stand upon a stump. "Servants of the Ever-Queen!" I announce, standing tall, "Some of you are indeed worthy of such a name. Others, like me, plotted against the woman we once served. To the former, stay and listen; to the latter, listen intently. We formed a conspiracy, with the aim of restoring Ynveruul as lord, of freeing people from oppression, and of securing our own place in history. But what has our great god done? He has put on a new throne, a half-breed apostate that allows heresy to run rampant, and allows the idiotic and fickle mob to rule our land with their 'Assemblies' and 'Petitions'. A mob that would kill us even after our admission to being their allies! If that is what happens without oppression, than give me oppression, I say! If that is will of Ynveruul, then fie on his name! Am I wrong?"

Though some only murmur and nod, most shout together in agreement, nodding vigorously and angrily. "Yvelta was many things," I continue, "but always fair to those who were loyal. To us she granted food, bed, water. To us she granted power and esteem. To us she gave order and peace. And now all of that is gone, because of Fjorna and her mob. Thus I say to you, Servants of Yvelta, let us earn the name spat on us by the masses! Let us redeem ourselves before the soul of our fair Ever-Queen! Together we shally fight! We shall gather her loyal armies that now roam the roads as bandits. We shall join with her trusted governors and nobles who now hide in the wilds. And we shall show faith and devotion to her masters, to the Buried Gods, who spoke when we called them, who blessed our ruler, who brought us all that we were ever thankful for! Now let us go and reclaim our empire!" The cheer is almost deafening, and I smile. My hand goes to my pocket, and feels both the Amulet, entrusted to me by my Queen before her death, and the Bracelet, taken from her contorted corpse. It had been whim and bitterness that had seen me hand over facsimiles, made to serve as gifts for loyal nobles, to be destroyed by Fjorna's sword. And now, two gifts of the Yvelta's Dwarven Godfathers were still in my tunic's pockets. I know now I will never been known as Kval the Liberator, servant of Ynveruul. No...instead I will be known as Ever-King Kval the Restorer, Second Emissary of the Buried Gods. And this world will tremble before me.