“We’re stuck here.  T2-O says we can’t leave until we’re ready, but have you ever stopped to wonder when that might be?”


“No, Tiro. Mother knows best, we literally know nothing about this world. We were born under her care and we should trust her with our lives because she gave us the chance to live”

 Esodra said with her head held high. 


“She’s a machine Esodra, she was programed to give us life. And stop calling her ‘Mother’. Its name is T2-O, Type 2 Operator, just like it says on its stupid metal chest.” 

I respond with all my pent-up aggression.

“And Why is it ‘She’ was the only Operator droid left? What happened to the thousands of others? I think that thing wanted to be the only one to raise the new generation.”


“Stop! She’s your mother too whether you like it or not! Your ridiculous conspiracy theories will never change that.”


Esodra had never yelled at me before. We would get into our spats every now and again, but being assigned to one another at birth I guess it was only a matter of time before one of us pissed the other off.


“That machine is Type 2, according to the data logs that means It can only teach us agriculture, parenting, mathematics, and basic human functions. It will never let us leave because the Type 1 and 3 driods aren’t here to complete our training, Esodra. It’s up to us, or me if you won’t come with me.”


“She’s fixing them! They’re going to up and running in no time!” She replies.


“It’s been telling us that for 17 years. T2-O can’t teach all of us and fix those bots.”


Esodra’s head slowly sinks down to her chest, tears start falling from her pail, freckled face. I brush her long, black hair back and rest it behind her left ear, then go to wipe the tears away, but she jolts back.


“You can’t leave! You’re my partner, I won’t allow it! I’ll tell Mother, she’ll stop you before you step foot outside this town. No one has ever left before. Please, for me, don’t be the first.”


That last part gets me. I start feeling myself choke up and my eyes start filling with tears. I quickly look away into the night sky and compose myself. I then look back at her, knowing this may be the last time I look into those beautiful blue eyes. 


“We may have been paired for genetic, scientific reasons, but I’ve always loved you, Esodra. Always figured I just got lucky enough to be paired with you.”


I grab her hands and cradle them in mine.


“Go tell Mother I’m leaving.”
