“Next stop, the inner circle of Hell,” our tour guide angel announced in a cheery voice.  I looked at my wife and raised my eyebrows. She took my hand and patted it. 

“Probably where you would have ended up if you hadn’t met me,” she whispered. 

Our cloud train came to a stop before a large glass window. Beyond the window was a cave, lit by scattered embers and bordered by a river of lava. A large throne dominated the room, and on the throne slouched a young man, slowly swinging his foot while he played a harmonica. 

“Here he is,” beamed our guide, “Satan! Once the highest of angles, he betrayed God and was cast down to the deepest dungeon in Hell.  He is by far our most popular attraction, though Hitler follows a close second.”  

There was a beat of silence, followed by a general rumbling of discontent among our group of Heavenly tourists.

“Doesn’t seem so bad to me,” a large Texan with a white hat commented. “I can see fire and brimstone, but I expected more agony.” 

“He just looks bored,” said a gaunt pious man beside him.

“How come he has a harmonica?” asked an old lady. “We were just given harps.”

“They probably gave Hitler a damn piano,” said her friend.
Other comments and complaints piled on till our guide held up her hand. 

“Don’t be deceived,” she cautioned. “You are witnessing the most terrible of tortures.” 

“What? Sitting on a chair playing a harmonica?” The Texan was outraged. “Sounds more like a timeout than torture.”

“I can’t believe I prayed and fasted my whole life to avoid this,” muttered a monk in a robe next to me.

“Trust me,” said the guide. “You wouldn’t want this. This is the result of a great many punishment trials of hellish punishments, and it is by far the most effective. We tried continuous whirlwinds, winter storms, attacking dogs, massive weights, slime and sludge, fire, boiling blood, petrification, whipping, cess pits, drowning, more fire, freezing, and a host of other things.  All of them were considered too easy by those in Heaven. Worse, some of the victims actually seemed to be enjoying their punishment. You see, we are dealing with quite depraved individuals here. We were losing hope of ever finding a suitable punishment for those sent to Hell, when we came across a completely new idea. We just left them alone." 

“Just left them alone?” the Texan spluttered.

“Yes. We left them completely and utterly alone. No interactions, no stimulation, no food, no drink, no company, nothing except a single musical instrument to remind them of what they were missing out on.”

“For how long?” asked the old woman.

“For eternity.”

This time, our silence stretched for many long beats. While we watched. Satan let his hand drop to his side. His fingers opened and the harmonica fell to the floor. He let out a huge sigh and stared vacantly at the wall of the cave. 

Someone began to cry.

“How did you ever come up with such a cruel punishment?” I asked. 

“We didn’t,” said our guide angel. “We copied it from you all. Solitary, isn’t that what you call it?”  
