800 days, 15 hours, 43 minutes and 18 seconds.

That's how long it's been since that first glimpse, over two years ago, that first time I saw through my soul mate's eyes. 26 minutes, one per month of hope, of frantic searching for anything at all that could tell me the smallest piece of information about my soul mate. 800 nights of dreams of finding the one, of knowing true happiness at last. 800 days of slowly dwindling hope.

I've stopped looking forward to the visions. They're empty now, useless. I already know what I'll see, and what I won't. I've even made a list.

Will see: an arm, a hand, a grey brick wall

Won't see: phone number, address, landmark, friend, family, computer, date, language, book, sea, floor, sky, sun, clouds, moon, stars, anything else. Anything at all.

The worst part is seeing your friends move on. As each person in your life finds their one, finds their person. As you see that happiness, that completeness. As they become content. As they go from words of encouragement, to words of pity,  to no words at all. They have their partner, their soulmate. They don't need you.

There are support groups, of course, for this kind of thing. Cults, even, if you're really desperate, but nobody takes them seriously. And none of them help. I would know.

And so I make a life for myself. Not a happy one, but a life nonetheless. I work, I eat, and sometimes I even know the joy of human company. But there's always an odd one out. Always 2 together and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and me. And that's just too much to take, sometimes.

So I wander. I drive, or let the car drive for me, along the city roads, and then the dirt roads, and then the long mountain roads of the country. And today is one of those wandering days. A high mountain, a long road, and me. My vision hasn't come yet this month, but I turn of automatic driving anyway, to feel the thrill of holding the steering wheel and knowing I can make myself move. The green valleys and white fog rolls past my windows and, for the first time in a long while, I smile.

*I see a grey brick wall. The bricks are old, worn slightly, but sturdy. It is a scene I've seen a thousand times. This time, something is different. There is motion. The eyes I see from move, the head moves, and my vision jumps around the room. I see what I have not seen, and 800 days, 15 hours, 43 minutes, and 35 seconds worth of despair start to make a lot more sense. This is no door in this room. No windows. Only walls, and a slit in one of them. A metal tray sits abandoned on the ground, next to the opening. Perhaps it once contained food. It holds nothing now. And then the eyes look up. I see the sky. I see a single silver lined cloud through a rusted grate. And I know. From some part of the recesses of my memory, I know. I know where this is, where she is. I can find her. And I feel. There is a strange warmth in my body, mixing with the elation, the hope that has been rekindled in my heart. The warmth spreads.* 

*The 60th second ticks past.* 

*A vision ends.*

I do not feel warm anymore. My toes are cold, and my face feels numb. I look at the mountain scenery outside of my car window and blink once, twice, uncomprehending. The twisted metal of my car door and the shattered glass of my windshield lie on the ground beside me. I can see my phone, could even call someone, do something. I don't. To move feels impossible. My arms are so heavy, and I'm just *so* tired. I just want a little rest. As the cold spreads, and I see a golden light, I have a single, last, fleeting thought. This wasn't how it was supposed to end.

&#x200B;