"Captain Zylok, I won't ask you again," said the stern alien from behind the large desk. "How was your ship stolen by a species as simple as humans?"

Zylok sat in silence, his eyes locking back with his interviewer. This was it for him. This trial would lead to his demotion, if not his expulsion from the military. He knew his responses would not matter, despite the burning truth they all witnessed firsthand. The humans had repelled the invasion with relative ease. Their race fought in ways the Yarill could never. Their tenacity and violence was astonishing. Still, Zylok knew while it was too late for him, he had a chance to save other soldiers lives.

"To answer your question, High Councillor Volorom, our ship was stolen because we had no idea what we were walking into. Saying we underestimated them is an obvious response, yet it is my choice of words."

"So, despite our obvious technological superiority and fighting capabilities, we lost because we simply underestimated them, Captain?" Volorom asked, his tone mocking his subordinate.

Quiet chatter filled the courtroom. Zylok looked around at the other Yarill sitting in the observer rows. This was the most popular event in a long time, and everyone from the Noble Families to the commoners were interested. Unfortunately, it was all at the expense of Zylok. His failure had been a cause of outrage and concern. The Yarill Democracy was the most powerful group in the known universe, and losing to a race that hadn't even developed fusion fully yet was a shock.

"Yes. We lost because their culture is far, far different from our own. We lost because we cannot possibly fight like them. We are all so worried about self preservation, about each other, whether they be higher or lower rank, that we can't match the ferocity. Human leaders will throw their troops into battles we wouldn't dream of. Their Government hides weapons and programs from the public and each other so well, that even we failed to recognize some of them!"

Zylok could feel the frustration from the High Councillor. While Zylok was directly responsible, of course the High Councillor was also responsible as the top ranked military leader, reporting directly to their president. They shared this failure together, but Volorom was out for blood. Zylok figured that the High Councillor thought if he could make Zylok look bad enough, his own failures would be overlooked.

"While you are not wrong about us failing to discover some of their secrets, you still managed to lose a class B invasion vessel! With that, the humans can dissect every part! You and the survivors of the ship managed to make it to the escape shuttle. Tell me then why you, the captain, did not go down with his ship? Or at least set it to self destruct?!" Volorom yelled, slamming his fist on the table before him.

More nervous chatter filled the room, all eyes on Zylok. The air was tense, and the people wanted answers. Zylok knew he couldn't portray the horror of war, as most Yarill managed to avoid. Still, he had one final trick. In essence it wasn't a trick, but an unconfirmed, yet likely accurate, report of why his ship had malfunctioned so terribly. The one part of science the Yarill had banned, and feared, once again due to self preservation.

"I lost control of my ship because of a powerful A.I. the humans let loose on us. Everything aboard my ship went down. The only reason the escape ship worked was because it was not networked or accessible. They possess a terrible artificial intelligence that can cut through our defenses like a blade through glarp."

The nervous chattering suddenly became responses of shock and awe. No longer did anyone in the room stare at Zylok, but talked to each other in near paniced voices. Having had one near-fatal encounter with A.I. in its history, the Yarill feared any living machine. The public would surely panic, Zylok figured, but because of a good intention. War with the humans had to be avoided.

"That same A.I. we failed to discover in any of our recon was our downfall!" Zylok said, standing and pointing at High Chancellor Volorom.

"That's it. You've frenzied everyone for no reason, Captain," Volorom said, standing up. "This trial is over! Guards, bring him back to temporary holding!"

Captain Zylok didn't fight the guards. He had just about accomplished what he wanted to. Still, what had happened ate away at him. He too was arrogant during the invasion. Having never lost did that to a Yarill though. It seemed like just yesterday he was giving his crew a speech, telling them: Humans don't appear to be to advanced. They haven't even discovered intergalactic travel, should be a simple invasion." 