I recoil in shock, blood suddenly all over my clothes, my face, my everything. Andrew’s body falls to the ground, lifeless. 

He’s gone.

My best friend for my entire life is now dead before me, and in a sick, twisted way, it was me who killed him.

It dawns on me that what happened wasn’t normal, and I turn to the murderer. He’s not that old, around mid to late 30s, with a hint of gray already showing up in his long, unkempt hair. He’s wearing jeans, tennis shoes, and a lab coat with a t-shirt underneath. He seems to have a gunshot wound in his left side, and it looks to be untreated.

“It’s finally... done.” He says, and then collapses to the ground.

“Hey... wait...” I manage to sputter before taking a seat myself to think about what just happened. 

“I just saved your life, kiddo! Can’t I get a little gratitude?” The older me asks. I shake my head, still in a state of utter disbelief. He coughs a bit, then speaks again.

“You may not believe me, but this is for the best. He was going to kill you, eventually.”

I finally get my thoughts in some semblance of a comprehendable order, and manage to say, “What?”

“Your. Best. Friend. Was. Going. To. Kill. You. With no remorse, might I add.” He chuckles a bit, which turns into more coughing. 

“Why did you shoot him?”

“I already answered that. Twice.”

“No, wh... what happened that convinced you to shoot him?”

“Again, I’ve already told you that. And again, I told you twice.” 

I get up and make my way to Future Me, and grab him by the collar. 
“WHAT. THE. FUCK. JUST. HAPPENED.”

He grins. I notice that he hasn’t brushed in a while, and he has multiple scars on his face. 

“Alright, alright, I’ll explain. Just let me go first.”

I let go, and his head falls onto a rock.

“Ow. I probably should have expected that.”

He gets himself into a seated position, then begins his story.

“Alright, so, the deal you just made, about the time machine? I invented one first, and I went public with my invention. What I didn’t know is that he’d”, he points to Andrew’s dead body, and continues. “send a group of mercenaries after me in an attempt to steal my work.”

“Andrew would never do that!”

“Of course you’d say that.” He says, seemingly to himself. “Look, something changes in him. He goes to Europe, comes back to grab his stuff and tell me goodbye, only to leave for who knows where. Never hear from him again, until he shows up to my door one day with a gun pointed at my head and a group of more Andrews behind him. God, I’m almost making it sound like some gay fanfiction...” he mutters.

“Okay, wait. First of all, you’re losing a lot of blood, so we need to do something about that, and second, what do you mean by *more Andrews*?” 

He chuckles. “Kid, I’ve just erased my future, and I’ll be erased soon, too. No point in trying to get help.”

I think about his statement. It does make sense that he’d be erased along with his future. However, he has yet to answer my second question.

“Again, what do you mean by ‘more Andrews’?”

“I... no wait, you... agh, *we* created time travel, but while we were busy with that, Andrew was busy with cloning technology. See, Andrew wanted power. He wanted to control the world, which I know sounds clichè, but Andrew knew how to do it. He cloned himself until he had an army, and then took over America from the inside. With America’s weapon tech in the future, taking control of the other countries was an easy job.” 

“Wait... you said you never heard from him again after he told you goodbye, yet how could you miss the world being taken over by an army of his clones?”

He shrugs. “You know as well as I that we hate the news, and tend to avoid it at all costs. Besides, it all happened within a week. There was nothing anyone could do.”

He looks at his hand, which has started to vanish. “Ah, shit. I’ve still got so much to warn you about.”

“Woah, wait, this is how people get erased?” I ask, my surprise limit for the day reached long ago.

“Okay, listen closely. Don’t try to build a time machine, it will always end in grief. As a matter of fact, stay away from science in general. Do teaching instead. I always wanted to be a teacher. Secondly, be wary of April 3rd, 2026.”

“Why? What happens?”

“Don’t have time, just be careful on that day. Finally, don’t be a coward. Stand up for what you believe in. I always regretted not doing that.

I blink, and he’s gone. The only evidence he was ever here is the puddle of blood on the rock he was sitting on. 

As well as the body of my dead best friend.