“Did she really have to take the dog? Like, really? It isn’t frickin’ enough to break all my hearts?”

He flailed his tentacles to emphasise the point, but he was more morose than angry, and he did little damage other than sending a couple of empty shot glasses crashing to the floor. It was ok, he tipped well enough to cover that. I waited until he returned to his pensive state, staring holes into my bar counter, before I sidled up with a glass of water.

“Drink up,” I said. “You’re stronger than this, you know that.”

“But Al,” Cthulhu said, “I’m not, I’m really not. I look tough, sure, but I’m just as soft inside as any other cosmic entity, man. Hit me another one.”

“No more neutrino-vodkas,” I said. “Water, first, then we’ll talk.”

It was quiet today at the Galaxy’s End, the bar I inherited from my grandfather, which meant that I could afford a bit more one-on-one time with Cthulhu. Very few of my patrons are actually interested as to how a human came to run such an establishment at the edge of reality, and I can see why. To all these cosmic wonders, and horrors, who stroll in on a regular basis looking for brief respite from their realities, they couldn’t care less about who, or what, was actually behind the counter.

As long as the drinks were good (they were), the service was reasonable (it was), and there was a listening ear (always).

“So, you gonna tell me why you insisted I come in today?” Cthulhu said, after he drained the glass of water.

“Because I heard about your thing,” I said. “Break-ups are hard for anyone, even eldritch abominations like yourself.”

He laughed at that, and I calmly wiped the counter top, clearing away the stray gobs of mucus which escaped his maw. “Really? Big Al, all worried about lil’ ol’ me?” He slapped a tentacle on the table, finagled a peanut, then popped it into his mouth. “Bull! There’s gotta be something going on, I’m sure. Maybe you’re here to kick me while I’m down, laugh at the cosmic jelly who can’t keep his girl?”

“No, nothing like that,” I said. “Just wanted to make sure you had someone to talk to.”

He puffed his chest out for a while, and I watched as his scales turned grey. I’d read somewhere that that was his battle armour, for whenever he had to duke it out with another of the elder gods. “Never! I am Cthulhu! Ravager of Worlds! I consume galaxies for tea! I poop the bones of vast civilizations!”

“If you say so.”

“… I twist the threads of fate! I crush the… *oh who am I kidding*,” Cthulhu said, as he slumped forward. He had turned back to a rich turquoise, which I had also read was the colour of his pyjamas. “It hurts man, it does. I’m not young anymore, man. This is my third millennia as a frickin’ elder god, man. You know what Nurvovos said when I called him?”

“What?” I asked, as I tried to recall which elder god this was. I had a vague impression of a sentient gaseous cloud, composed of filaments of time and stitched with the souls of dying suns. I didn’t have that strong of an impression of him, so he must only have been an average tipper.

“Nurvovos said he couldn’t meet me for drinks! Cause he had childlings to watch! Said his lady had been griping about ‘equal responsibilities’ or ‘fair distribution of work’! I said I understood, of course. But he’s not the only one!”

“Others too?”

“Yes!” Cthulhu said. “Everyone else in my clique! They’ve all settled down man, even Juloxies, and he’s got a face only his mother would like! I’m the only one left, man. It sucks, really.”

I reached under the counter, pulled out a bottle of the good stuff, 25-eon Hudubu rum, then poured him a shot. “On the house,” I said, as I slid the glass across. “This one’s strong, but you’re going to need something to get out of that funk. And quickly too, if I should add.”

“Why should I,” he said, as he obliged by downing the shot. “There’s nothing left to live for.”

“Cthulhu, buddy, why do you think of all days I asked you to come down here to my bar?”

“I dunno, Al,” he said, “why don’t you tell me?”

“And why do you think I didn’t take no for an answer? Why do you think I asked your buddies to make sure you came? Where did they go? Why’s the whole bar empty?”

That got his attention. He perked up one eyestalk, swivelled it around, then realised I wasn’t pulling his tentacle. He was literally the only entity in Galaxy’s End. 

“What’s up Al,” he said. “You know I don’t like surprises.”

At that moment, right on cue, the door to my bar burst open. High-pitched screeches filled the air, but I already had my mufflers on. You don’t survive long at the bar without knowing how to deal with your clientele.

What strutted in could have driven any other human mad by sight alone, but I had some time to get to know them, and the Space Vixens of Guguba are far friendlier than they look. There were ten of them, all dressed to the nines, chattering incessantly amongst themselves. The one in front, she had a tiara on her heads, glittering stones which appeared to be the husks of decayed stars.

“The bar’s booked tonight, Cthulhu,” I said, the grin leaping onto my face. “Hen’s night. One of them’s getting married, so I cleared out all my other customers, kept the place exclusive for them.”

“Wha… wha…” Cthulhu stammered, ever the suave, eloquent romantic.

“Stay away from the hen,” I said, as I prodded his tentacle, “but I hear that some of her friends are single. Who knows man, you’ve got to get back out in the game, put yourself out there! There are so many abominations out there in the cold darkness of space!”

The Vixens had settled on the opposite side of the bar, still squawking at their supersonic frequencies. I’m no judge of non-human beauty, but I had been told that they were the fittest from their planet. Or at least, the most popular, if Spacetagram was to be believed.

“Coming!” I yelled at them, in response to a few raised talons. “One round on the house! Oh look, so many glasses, so few hands I have! I’ll just have my friend here send them over!”

I turned to Cthulhu, then shoved a tray of bubbling shots at him. 

“Don’t screw this up,” I said.

“Man…” he said, as a couple of tears rolled down and into the glasses, which I disapproved as proprietor of a fine establishment. “I won’t forget this…”

“Just be the best monstrosity you can be,” I said.

He toddled off, and there was a spring to his sloshing that wasn’t there before.

---

/r/rarelyfunny
