I uh, I've never believed in an after life... or God. I never went to church, I didn't believe in any of that stuff. I didn't think there could be with all the shit that's happened in my life. Countless sufferings I've endured throughout it all. How could there be a God in such a shit world. A world where a parent dies giving birth to her only son. A world where a father is allowed to keep a child despite still being deeply affected by the death of his wife and turning to booze. A world where CPS sees nothing wrong with the bruises or the child's living conditions which contains not a single toy for the child to play with. Instead of toys the child turns to torturing bugs which run rampant in the tiny apartment that CPS deemed as "good enough." A child who is bullied by other kids over the fucking over sized thrift shop clothes, bought on the 75% off days where the clothing options are more limited due to them restocking the next day, that he wears. Also bullied to the fact that during recces no one would go near him let alone play with the kid so he would play in the mud with the worms and ants that live there. Perhaps everyone saw it coming that "bug boy" himself would become an exterminator. Not just bugs though, rats, raccoons, the occasional possum or two. I mean who expected more from him? Not his father of course, he died years before I got the job. Last thing I remember of him telling me is if I can drive his old man to the hospital, claiming he had extreme pain in his upper right chest area or something. I still remember his yellowing skin and eyes looking at me, in pain and with fact that he knew I wouldn't. He was holding onto the photo of my mother before they were married. I snatched that photo away and I left home that day, he stayed there and died on the couch. I found myself in New York city, with nothing but $20 in my pocket and a few pairs of dirty clothes I changed into every couple of days. I tried begging and finding work to no avail. Finally found a job that was in high demand and required little training, exterminating. Everyday something new and crazy. An entire apartment complex, an office on the 76th floor, even in the million dollar hipster homes in Brooklyn no where was free of pest in New York and I loved it. Sorta got a thrill from killing bugs and animals and shit. After a few years didn't get any thrill from trapping a family of rats and suffocating them in my plastic bag. Bugs were nothing to me, just things to be stepped on. Then it occurred to me that I might of mastered the art of killing pests and that I should try to move onto bigger fish. I quit work, after working there for so long working harder and longer then anyone else I had made a fairly large sum of money. It would last me a few months a year if I planned accordingly. I figured I start off small. A kid, would be a prefect starting point. So I went to the park, and picked out my target. A young girl, maybe 6 or 7. No parents or adults in sight. I went for it. I quickly crossed the street, running straight towards the child. I picked her up and tried to cover her mouth while heading back to my van. 
"HELP, MOM! MOMMYY."
I look back to the park searching to see if anyone noticed the screaming as a I cross the street. I hear beeping of a car as I turn and see a truck ram right into me. Pitch blackness.
I wake up almost instantly. I feel like I'm laying on a cloud. I stand up uneasily.  
"NOW LET THE GAMES BEGIN!"
Booms a large voice from the sky, and cheers echo around me. I turn around to see a large gate open. 
Rats, possums, roaches, ants, raccoons, mice, pigeons, and spiders rush towards me at full speed. They take me down, begin covering my entire body. biting my body and entering my ears. I scream in pain, before I pass out I see my mother and father ripping at my throat. 