"Promise me...

promise me you'll never die.
Not like me..."

I nodded slowly, fully appreciating every second with her.
I grasped her hand and gripped it tightly for a few seconds, letting her know I was still here. However obscured my eyes may be by the tears that drip so frequently down my face, my mind knows that what is there, beyond my blurry vision, is still there.

Though my heart was in sync with my soul, aching for her to come back, my heart and my mind were out of sync.
My heart told me I must stay- stay and grieve, lay upon the ground with her cold hand in mine and reminisce of the times we had together.

My brain, on the other hand, told me I must stand. This I did, for to my mortal body and my aching heart my brain still takes precedence.
Sadness no longer resides in my damaged heart, and instead anger plagues my body like a drug, pulsating in my veins and heightening all senses- particularly the sense that there is someone out there with a rifle, somewhere on this war stricken battlefield, that must give the world to me in an attempt to make up even half of what she meant to me.

Of course, that was 200 years ago.
I don't know how much love I felt that day and whether that gave me the power to fulfill her wish, but still I stand on our Earth.
Her death means no less to me now than it did then, and as such every action I take pales in comparison to her death.
Why could I not have joined her? There, on that battlefield in 1918?
Why was that bullet fired several feet to my right?
Numerous attempts to find meaning in my life have failed, and numerous attempts to accept the emptiness of my life and leave it behind have failed as well.
No matter the situation, death chooses the person down the street or three feet to my right.
I miss her.

Since then, I've gone off to fight in wars and secretive missions. I've risen the ranks of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, become President of the United States, earned numerous degrees from countless colleges, and breathtaking amounts of medals from defending my country.

Though I live through tragedy and triumph, hope and despair, all feelings are dulled compared to the pure rage of losing her.

*Hey! I hope you enjoyed my piece of writing. If you did, I'd appreciate any constructive criticism. If you're interested in checking out my other pieces of writing, go take a look at r/storiesfromaguy (my own personal subreddit for my writing prompt stories!)