It was one of those charity "raise a child" things. Throw a few dollars a month and their village gets a goat or whatever worked best for them - that kind of thing. 

He knew, from the moment he saw the picture and letters they sent back, that this family had 'the one'.

He didn't press his life into theirs. They didn't have skyscrapers, cars or Starbucks; despite the wonders of the modern era, the village still didn't have Internet, but he looked forward to the handwritten letters describing the changes to "his" kid. 

First it was the goat and chickens, and how his family finally gained some strength and money when she started producing milk and eggs. Then it was a well, which freed up the girls of the village (including his two sisters) from trekking through the bush every day to fetch water. He upped the donations with the caveat that both the boy and his sisters go to the local school, then bicycles for all three of them when he found out how far it was.

The biggest shock was getting a small windmill built, out of junk and outdated parts, and finally bringing the world to the village. It took forever to figure out how to connect, and the connection was kind of spotty, but to finally hear the voice behind the countless letters and photos of excitement.

He learned so much in that first video call. How his mother scrubbed their uniforms with pride, and the life his grandmother showed now that she had a purpose in caring for the animals. How his sisters excelled in school and their anxiety in going to the capital to further their education. How his father had died years before the first donation, and how the boy looked looked up to him instead as a male figure, the unseen guardian of not just their family, but the whole village. This man was responsible for their new existence, past subsistence farming and fear of getting past today.

Years passed. The boy, appreciative of the gifts the man donated, regretted not getting further than the local school for education, but stayed in the village to spread the bounty of seeds, water pumps and animals and safeguard his elderly relatives. His sisters, so much smarter than him, had progressed past high school. One was studying in the national college to become a nurse, but the other had been accepted into a university - *in America!*

"We are coming in sixty-two days!" he exclaimed wildly in their latest video chat. "She is afraid of being alone, so I will come with her, and stay with her for a while. But I was thinking, you are an American, and the university is not very far from you - could you look after her? You are the only one there I can trust with her safety!"

He knew who the girl was, and as he stared into the boy's eyes, he wondered whose world he would destroy