The watch on my wrist vibrated, indicating a new message. I glanced down, trying to act nonchalant. An unfamiliar number. Probably a new client. I took my coffee and strolled back to my office, enjoying the fall breeze and the crunch of leaves under my feet.

I let the air ruffle my curls one last time before I stepped into my office and locked the door behind me. I synced my watch with my computer and checked my message- true, this was the old school way, but after all, I was a bit old school myself. 

My newest client was requesting a quote, so I replied and directed them to meet me at a nearby diner in an hour. I could eat. I'd need to leave in 45 minutes, so I decided to fix some broken equipment. Maybe it was time to give up the old business. 

The woman was wearing a grey sweater as promised, and I sat down at the table with her. "Hello."

She smiled with relief. "I'm so glad you came."

"Of course. Anything I can do to help." The waiter came by and we waved him off. "So. What brings you to need my services?"

She sighed. "Oh, it's my kids. And grandkids. And some of my neighbors. Now that I'm 687, I'm hogging resources. Being selfish. Half the neighbors act like I'm a menace." She choked back tears. "I don't want to live this way anymore."

I nodded. "That's understandable. When do you want to be done?"

"As soon as possible."

"Today?"

She gasped. "Today? Really?"

I leaned forward. "You can be gone in an hour if you want."

"Yes! Oh, please."

"Nothing to take with you?"

"I've brought everything I care about." She indicated a small bag on the seat next to her, and I found myself impressed that she was so optimistic.

"Let's go, then." I stood up, allowing her to follow me back to my office. I locked the door behind her and she stared around in awe. 

I let her gape for a minute. "So where do you want to go, and who do you want to be?"

She thought for a few minutes, then picked a new name and a new location she'd always wanted to try. I got to work making her a new ID, stating her new age (mid-thirties), creating a birth certificate and passport. I handed them to her twenty minutes later and watched her place them carefully into her bag.

"These are amazing. You'd never know they were created. How did you learn to be this good?"

I pulled out an ancient wallet, where I kept my very first drivers license for sentimental reasons. I held it out for her examination, and she smiled in amazement.

"Well, thank you. I see you've done this a few times. You've helped me so much."

"Yes, you're welcome," I replied, and saw her out of my office. I gave my license one final look before stashing it away. 2016. Hard to believe that was 1500 years ago already.