First time post here. Feel free to give pointers! 

 Getting pulled in to the back of a van was honestly nothing new for me. Heck, getting pulled in to the back of a van while restrained wasn't even new and really only produced some boredom and mild annoyance. Still though, it was only a Monday so what could I have expected?  The driver though, now *he* was interesting. He must have felt some measure of ease while kidnapping me. Leaving me trapped back here in a dog kennel with my eyes uncovered was risky. Anyone who watched even two or three movies involving kidnapping could tell you that. 

I curled up in the corner of the cage, quietly watching the top of my captors head as he drove to pass the time. We'd been driving for what felt like hours.  This van smelled like pee. Gross. You can get used to the smell of crap pretty quick but you never go noseblind to pee. Well, I suppose those people that hoard fifty cats in a shoebox are the exception to that rule. Also gross. We made a turn on to a road that was either dirt or really crappy pavement. Each bump we hit smashed my head against the top of the cage. I scowled. 

The drive on the crappy road was thankfully short and ended in us pulling in to a garage. My captor waited until the door completely shut before getting out and opening up the back of the van. I pressed back further in to my pee-cage.

   
"Come on out of there girly," he murmured with a weird smile on his face. I shook my head. No way did this guy deserve any kind of verbal response for calling me 'girly'. I was wearing a freaking name tag even. 

He didn't ask again. Instead he grabbed me by the collar of my dress  and ripped me out of the cage, scraping the tiny wires at the opening on my cheek and neck. The quick flash of heat before stinging pain told me I was definitely bleeding. Without another word he frog marched me in to the normal looking house and down to the less-than-normal looking basement. 

I'd gone to a haunted house one time that had a section that looked like a butchers shop, complete with a hanging dead pig that smelled like that stuff they use on dead bodies. This basement kind of looked like that with big hooks and saws. A really fancy refrigerator with a glass door was sitting in the corner. It was stuffed with what looked like steaks wrapped in brown paper. 

He clamped a huge collar around my neck and snapped a chain with links almost as large as my wrist on to it. My knees nearly buckled at the surprise weight suddenly hanging on my front. He cut the ties off of my hands then and quickly stepped back. I just ran to the corner and sat down, pulling my knees up to my chest. 

"You know, your daddy is gonna pay me a lot of money to get you back." He said, pulling out a cell phone with a chuckle. My heart sunk. 

"No he's not." I told him quietly. He glared at me.

"Of course he is! Pretty little girl like you, blonde hair and big blue eyes. The cute ones always are worth more." With that, the man pressed a button on the phone and we both listened as at rang. 

*"Hello?"* It was my dads voice. If my heart could sink any lower it would have. 

"Missing something are we?" My captor crooned in to the phone.

*"Wh-what do you mean?"* My dad asked. I could tell he had put his full attention on the phone. 

"Oh you know, short cute little blond girl. Quiet as a mouse." His eyes were staring right at me, that stupid smile still on his face. 

*"Ellie? You have my Ellie?"*  

"Yes. I have your precious little Ellie." He laughed outright then at the worry in dads voice. "Of course, you can have her back. But first, I'm gonna need a little something from you." 

*"What is it you want? Money? Connections?"* 

"Mmm money, definitely money. How does fifty thousand sound?" My captor had begun pacing in front of me.  

*"Anything. Can I talk to my daughter? Just so I can know she's okay."*  Wordlessly my captor came and stood above me, holding the phone down by my head. 

"Daddy?" I asked, eyeing the phone. 

*"Hey honey, its gonna be okay. You uh, remember that nice lady that comes to see you on Fridays?"* 

"Yes daddy. Daddy he put me in a cage that smelled like pee!" hearing my dad sound worried was starting to freak me out. I wanted to tell him to come get me but I knew I couldn't. 

*"I'm sorry about that honey. Do you remember what the lady said about bad eggs?"* asked my dad. 

"Yes daddy." I nodded emphatically. The man above me looked confused. 

*"You aren't a bad egg sweetie. He's the bad egg."* my heart soared and I smiled. 

"Okay daddy. I love you." the man had apparently heard enough and brought the phone back to his face. 

"You ever want to see your little girl again you'll pay me. Otherwise I'm going to turn her in to veal." My captor snapped the cell phone shut and smiled down at me. 

"I lied you know. I'm gonna turn you in to veal anyway." he laughed and I stared up at him. He shouldn't have lied to my dad like that. I felt angry then. The lady that comes on Fridays said I should always try to explain why I'm angry so people can understand me better. It usually helps. Especially if I'm trying to explain to dad why my brother Josh and I were fighting again. 

"I didn't lie. Bad eggs lie and I'm not a bad egg!" I said, yelling the last part. 

The man squatted down in front of me, putting his face inches away from mine. I cringed away from his stinky breath. He put a hand on my wrist, gripping it almost too tight.

"And what did you tell the truth about?" he asked. 

"That my daddy isn't going to pay you." 

I leapt at him then, wrapping my arms and legs around him in a bear hug just as I sunk my teeth in to his neck. He yelled for a moment and desperately tried to push me off. I shook my head to help tear off the mouthful of skin my teeth had found purchase in. It flung to the side and I wasted no time in biting down again, this time I could feel myself tearing through the rubber textured arteries. Like warm squishy rubber bands. 

The fight seemed to have gone out of my captor as he sunk to the floor, only making faint gurgling sounds now. I snuck my hand up to the hole I had made in his neck and stuck my fingers inside. I liked feeling them trying to swallow and breathe. It just felt so silly squeezing around my fingers like that. I giggled. 

Remembering what daddy had told me to do if this ever happened I crawled off the man and took off my right shoe. A small square with an even smaller button fell out. I pushed the button and put my shoe back on. Retrieving the fallen cell phone I dialed daddy's number. 

*"Sweetheart?"* 

"I got rid of the bad egg. He lied to you! Said he was going to turn me in to something called veal anyway." I told him proudly. 

*"Good girl honey. Can you get outside on the street? I see you remembered to turn your tracker on."*  dad asked me. 

"No, he has me chained up like Puppy Chairman. I can't find a key." I smiled thinking about my dog. He was so soft and fluffy. I couldn't wait to see him later.

*"That's alright sweetie. Daddy will be there soon."* 

"Okay daddy." 

It might have been just a Monday but this Monday was special; it was my birthday today. I was finally ten. A big girl. Daddy said big girls can get rid of two bad eggs a week instead of just one. This was only my first egg of the day and I didn't even get to pick him out. I wondered: was this guy going to count for my birthday eggs?