8 years have gone by since the day Elon lost his first crew. 8 years since he shut everything down. 8 years is a long time. No one knew where he went. Some speculated he killed himself in embarrassment. Others say he went mad and is in the crazy house. Turns out they were wrong. 
I have always enjoyed Elons work. He was a brilliant man changing the world. But after he lost that crew I thought I'd never see him again. The look of deviation on his face when the Dragon blew up once in low orbit. The anger he faced when he realized the cameras were still going. 
I was at RDU Airport in North Carolina. I just finished up teaching another kid how to fly to gain my hours as a pilot. I was towing the plane on the hanger when a female came walking in with her heels clicked on the floor. I finished securing the plane when she finally made it to me. 
"Hello Mr. Smith." The woman said. 
"Hello?" I said with a confused face. 
"My master wants me to give this to you." She handed me a golden ticket with an address, time and date on one side of it. On the back of the ticket, only 2 letters. 
E.M.
I looked up to see the woman was gone. I found it odd I didn't hear her leave. 
The time and date was for tomorrow. The location... Well that was going to take all night. I went inside and talked to the owner of the plane telling him I needed some night flying. He approved. 
So I packed a few things up wondering what I was getting myself into. 
As I flew through the night, my mind was racing with what this all meant. Why me? Why now? Is this Elon Musk? Who was that lady? 
As I flew, I started to see a glow of lights ahead of me. Right near the location of where the ticket told me to go. I prepped for landing and landing on a runway that's been neglected for 8 years. Once out of my small plane, that's when a weird cold breeze hit me. I secured my plane and put my backpack on. 
As I walked towards the factory, I noticed a door. It was different than the others. Somewhat glowing. I walked to it in a weird I need to go there type of feeling way. Once I'm at the door it had a place for me to insert the ticket. I put it in the slot. 
"Greetings Mr. Smith."
The door opens. 
I am blinded by bright white lights. 
I walk forward and enter the factory. Once through the door, it slams shut behind me. The lights then turn off and it's pitch black. 
I yell, "Hello?" 
I sharp pain on my neck develops. 
I feel tired... So tired.... 
CRASH. 
I pass out to the sight of 2 people approaching me in what looked like Hazmat suits.... 

Thank you for reading! My first one! If you want me to continue let me know! Open to feedback as well! 