“See you tomorrow.”

I had been expecting this, of course. A letter a year, every November 26th, delivered to my door between the hours of 12:00 and 1:00 am. Every year since my birth. “See you in 35 years.” “See you in 34 years.” “See you in”...and so on. 

I don’t know what the significance of the date is. It’s nowhere near my birthday or anything. The only noteworthy thing that’s happened to me on November 26th, ever, is that I’ve never failed to receive a letter. 

There have been investigations, but they’ve never led anywhere. The letters show up with no prints, no witnesses, and no identifying marks or any kind. The envelopes and the stationery are as plain as can be, with the former only bearing my first name on the flap—David—and the latter bearing only the aforementioned words. 

Even installing a camera on the front porch had turned up nothing. At first, it had been placed over the front door, looking out at the street. My parents found the next letter placed neatly between the screen door and the main door. Nobody turned up on the footage except for my parents themselves, leaving for and coming from work. 

In response, they moved the camera to face the front door and the rest of the porch, mounting it on a pole just next to the walkway (with a little plastic cover to keep the rain off). 
Well, that stopped the letter from appearing at the front door. When we failed to find it, my parents cracked open a bottle of bubbly to celebrate. I even got a glass, although I was 16 at the time. 

Then my dad had gone out to the back yard to have a smoke, and found the letter wedged in the rear screen door. 

We tried more combinations of cameras after that, but the letter always found its way to an unwatched, but obvious, spot. One time, we even found it sitting nearly on top of one of the cameras. After I moved into my own place, I just sort of gave up. I couldn’t really afford to pay for twenty cameras, and anyway there didn’t seem to be any threat behind the letters, so I—with help from a therapist—stopped thinking about it. I lived my life. Got a girlfriend, went to school, got a job, got a cat, and just lived. For 34 years.

But as the fated date grew closer, I naturally began to think about it more, and grew nervous. It weighed on me. What was going to happen? What would this unseen person do on November 26th, 2018, between 12:00 and 1:00 am? 

I bought every lock I could find and attached each one to my front door. I barred the only window in my apartment. I stopped having guests over, I went out less, I telecommuted. I...I bought a gun. 

On that night, I could not sleep. As the dreaded hour grew closer, I lay in bed, quietly freaking out. Eventually I took the gun out of its safe, loaded it, and just sat upright, listening for any noise. The fact that my cat is a night-owl did not help my fried nerves. 

But...nothing. Nothing between 12:00 and 1:00 am, nothing for the rest of the night. I waited and waited, and waited some more, but nothing—absolutely nothing—ever happened. No mysterious visitor appeared to my eyes, ears, nose, or any other sense.

Morning came, and I finally worked up the nerve to leave my room. I trembled as I slowly approached my front door. My gun shook in my hands, and for this reason I did not switch off the safety. 

I peered out my peephole, and saw the hallway outside my apartment. After about a minute of watching for any sign of a disturbance, I finally decided to open the door.

I slowly unlatched every latch, slid back every bolt, and at last came to the final lock, on the knob. With my heart hammering in my ears and throat, I turned the lock, then turned the knob, and flung the door open, gun pointing out at...

Nothing.

I looked down. At my feet sat an envelope. Addressed only to “David”. 

I opened it, pulled out the letter which sat inside, and read it.

It read: “It was nice to see you. Goodbye.”

And that was it. It’s been three years since then, and I’ve gotten no more letters.

I just...I mean, what the fuck, right? 

Oh well. 