“… and that’s why I think it’s just not the right thing to do. Sure the penguins are cute, but do we really need them around to survive.” Sarah lectured, sitting across the table from Hector Wellington, a suave, twenty-five year old man, single, trying his very hardest to change that fact.

“Oh really? That’s a rather … unique view on the survival of an entire species.” Hector replied, feeling a bead of sweat trickle down his neck. It looked like Hector had gotten himself into another doozy of a dating situation again.

“Thank you!” Sara said, ecstatic, a big grin on her face and her eyes popping open in pleasure. “It’s nice to finally meet someone who understands me. You wouldn’t believe all the weirdos out there who just scoff at my penguin sustainability plan. You see, the thing is … “

Sarah continued to drone on, ranting about this and that, waving her arms and spouting inane conspiracy after inane conspiracy. Hector nodded along, grimacing, as he reached into his pant’s pocket.

Underneath the table, Hector pulled out his phone, and began to text an old friend for help; a desperate SOS if you will. Around Hector and Sarah, a busy, rather fancy, restaurant hustled and bustled. The soft murmuring of chatter and chewing filled the air, a lovely backdrop for Sarah to drone on and on about how you can reduce carbon emissions by burning penguin carcasses with environmentally friendly coal. Really, it shouldn’t have been any surprise to Hector; Sara’s father was a rather eccentric coal baron after all.

With thumbs clicking desperately, Hector Wellington sent off a quick message.

“*Help needed. Request rescue immediately.*” Hector gulped, and sent the message.

Pocketing his phone, Hector brought his elbows up to the table, and clasped his hands together.

“And then the feathers can be used as—“

“Heather, please!” Hector exclaimed, cutting Sarah off.

“Um, excuse me?” Sarah asked, a look of disdain and hurt on her face.

“Oh, sorry; Brittany. Listen, it’s been fun, but I really need to be going.” Hector said, rising up from the table, his food and drink almost untouched, a bit of a waste, but that was life.

“It’s Sarah.” Sarah replied with ice in her voice.

“Sure, sure.” Hector replied, staring off into space. A smile spread across his lips as the sensation rolled over him. A feeling of urgency, a feeling of lightness, of emptiness, of need, filled Hector’s stomach and mind and chest and body. With an open laugh, Hector ran around the restaurant, enjoying his few moments of freedom, of pure, unchained bliss and unrestricted ability, before he was taken away.

“Excuse me sir, but you can’t …” A waiter scolded, addressing Hector as the man ran around the restaurant.

Hector didn’t care, didn’t notice. He let out a quick laugh, and closed his eyes as the weightlessness came over him. His world turned black, turned silent, turned unfeeling, as Hector felt his body float up into the air, float up into the sky, float up into the emptiness of nonexistence; a lack of existence.

Just as quickly as it had come, the sensation died down. Hector felt the ground beneath his feet, the air in his lungs, and the breeze on his face. Opening his eyes, Hector looked around him. He was standing on an apartment rooftop, amidst the rising steel, concrete, and glass towers and buildings and monoliths of the city. At the edge of the rooftop, on the precipice of life and death, fall and flight, stood Heather; the woman of Hector’s dreams, or at least, she had used to be.

Heather’s phone was held in her hand, a wedding ring was sitting upon her finger, and a scowl was sitting upon her lips. She hopped down from the edge of the ledge, and stalked over to Hector, noticing the gleeful look on her old lover’s face, and his fancy dress.

“And what mess have I gotten you out of this time?” Heather growled, facing Hector.

Hector let out a small laugh, a giggle. “Probably the worst date ever. This crazy girl was talking about killing all of the world’s penguins. You wouldn’t believe … “

“Yeah whatever Hector.” Heather interrupted, folding her arms in irritation. “You can’t keep on abusing Aphrodite’s curse, okay? We’re adults now, we can’t keep on playing these stupid little games with each other.”

“B-but Heather.” Hector replied, a mischievous grin on his face. “You’ll be my one and only, forever.” Hector said with mock sincerity, recalling their moment, when they were young lovers, and their confessions to each other. It was on that day, as Hector first conveyed his feelings of love to Heather, that the goddess Aphrodite blessed Heather and Hector to always appear by one’s side in a time of need. That blessing, however, had turned into a curse three weeks later when Heather and Hector had broken up; at the time, the feelings had simply been puppy love, the unknowing of adolescence.

Heather rolled her eyes. “Shut up you jerk.” She said with just a hint of a smile, pushing past Hector.

Hector watched the first woman he’d ever loved walk past him, towards the door leading to the rooftop. He took a step forward, and raised an arm in the air, his mouth open to speak. Ever since their curse, their blessing, their relationship had endured after all these years. They’d become excellent friends, and despite the bickering, the teasing and joking, they’d become rather close. He’d even been a best man at Heather’s wedding last year.

A tear trickled down Hector’s cheek, and he dropped his arm. The door slammed closed behind Heather, leaving Hector alone on the rooftop. Despite all the joking, all the goofing and false indifference, he couldn’t ignore it much longer. Hector shook his head, and stared off into the skyline of the city. The wind ripped at his clothes, and ruffled his hair. That puppy love, at least for him, had matured into something more; appreciation, dependence, need. Maybe if he had told her earlier, things would have been different. But he’d been too embarrassed, too nervous about what she’d think after all they’d been through, to break the status quo.

And now, as Hector stared out across the skyline, and felt empty and lost, just like he always did after seeing Heather wearing her wedding ring, it was too late.

“So much for Aphrodite’s blessing.” Hector muttered to himself.

------------------------

Hope you enjoyed the story! I've got tons more over at my sub, r/ThadsMind, if you want to subscribe to that.