I smile a wide shit eating grin as I slam on the gas. Speeding down the highway. I could see her in my review mirror sprinting and screaming. Three months ago I was smoking weed in my apartment and was on a occult forum. I saw this post that outlined the old myth of bloody Mary. Only this time there was a pdf. In the PDF there was a small ritual outlined and a strange symbol I had never seen and couldn't find with any reverse image searches. According to the PDF the symbol needed to be carved on the mirror and a special elixir was needed for her to appear. Then on the night of her alleged death if all the steps were followed all I had to do was say Bloody Mary three times and she would appear.

So out of boredom I decided "what the hell". Now given the amount of horror movies I have seen I figured she would probably murder me. While trying to think up a way to test the ritual I heard some screaming outside. I stepped onto my patio deck and I could see in the building parking lot some Russian dude going at it in with his girl friend. He had done something to piss her off since she was throwing rocks at him from the back entrance and he was in his car. Every time he got out of rock shot he would shit talk her and she would come running screaming what I can only imagine are the worst of Russian profanity.  That's when it hit me....

So now I am laughing my ass off as I watch her barely keep up apparently with all the supernatural powers of the living dead, but the unfortunate maximum speed of a middle aged malnourished woman. Sipping the tomato and vodka potion. Looking away from the review mirror I see something in the bushes ahead. A large buck trots out and I swerve to miss it and land my car just off the shoulder, my back tires in the ditch. Behind me I can see the deer and the unholy re-animated staring at each other with unbroken eye contact they began to circle each other. The deer attacked first impaling bloody Mary on his antlers. She released an ungodly wail and they vanished into the bushes. I hear rustling and swearing from the bushes. Then silence.

&#x200B;

Suddenly from the bushes bloody Mary bursts out on the back of the deer using her own intestines as a bridle. "Jesus fucking christ!" I whispered, as she began to charge me. I slam the gas and my wheels spin as she speeds towards me. I feel the antlers smash into the side of my car. The force jarring me spilling my drink.  I slam the gas again and I get traction ripping the antlers out of my car. I speed down the road with bloody Mary pissed off riding a deer bareback in hot pursuit. I swerve onto a main road, cutting off an oncoming truck driver. Bloody Mary ramming him. She punched through the window ripping the poor dudes head off laughing. I slow down and watch as she plunges her fingers into his eye sockets and then looks at me smiling. I hit the gas and she jumped into the drivers seat pushing out the corpse.

&#x200B;

The deer got away traumatized. Bloody Mary slammed the gas and was now chasing me down the midnight highway. She comes up beside me on the turn and tries to take me off the road. I speed up and she clips my bumper and I fly into the nearby gas station. I jump out of my car and she rear-ends it. The truck and car now totaled she jumps out and chases me around the gas station. I grab a nearby propane tank and throw it at her. The tank smashed into her face and she fell flat on her back moaning. I rush inside the station and lock the door.

"What the fuck are you doing?!" The attendant screamed. "Man there is a motherfuckin demon bitch out there!" I replied. The attendant quickly pulls a shotgun out from under the desk and aims it dead at my face. "Mother fucker you high or some shit?!" He exclaimed as bloody Mary full body flew through the glass door. "HOLY FUCK!" I scream and run into the back looking for anything to defend myself with. He lets off both barrels right in her face and she just takes it like a champ. She grabs the gun from his hands and rams it down his throat. Then jamming both thumbs in his eyes.

She grabs the gun and some shells putting some in between her tightly packed breasts held up by her Victorian dress. Ripping off the skirt revealing her nude ass. She loads two shells and chases me into the other side of the store. I had found a chain saw and I turned. She smiles and I dive behind a shelf as she shot. Canned beans splattering up the wall as I run out the second door and she lets another one off into the window. I run up to the single pump still intact and begin to gas the saw up. I see her limp running out of the building barefoot on the broken glass. I jump behind the pump and she lets off a round. The pump stops working but it doesn't matter I got enough to get'er done. I run away and she comes around the pump takes aim and pulls the trigger. She blows the fuck out of my leg and ignited the gas pooling at her feet from the decimated pumps. The explosion lighting up the night sky. I hear the sound of further shots as her boob rounds explode. I turn around with a limp and her burnt breast splats down beside me.

A now charred and pro-breast cancer bloody Mary walked from the flames. She screamed and we charged each other. I swing for the head and she does a perfect 90 degree bend followed by a sticky back-hand from hell. I fly and the chain saw lands just beside me. She kicks my leg getting on my back grabbing my jaw and starts pulling. I barely reach the chain saw and as my neck began to crack I swing it up impaling her head. I can feel her shake and spasm and I roll over. I push and pull as she cowgirls ontop spewing her foul bloody all over me. I finally bring it to her hips and stop. She relaxes and slumps over falling off me.

"Now that's what I call a bloody Mary.." I say standing up as I wipe the blood from my face. I walk away from the burning wreckage of the gas station and walk into the night. So take my advice dear reader. Bloody Mary is real...

\--Excerpt from BloodyMary\_Real.pdf