I knew that I'd picked the wrong person to call out in a duel when the barrage began.

I mean, this guy's dragons were maybe two-footers. Tops. It didn't matter how well they were trained, it'd take dozens of hits to penetrate my drakeguard armor. And that at close range. 

My blue four footer could ground a bolt the length of a dueling circle, and the metal plates you needed to stop dragonbreath only made it easier to hit your opponent.

I laughed when he came out...in traditional lacquered armor. Any protection meant he was a walking lightning rod, his trio of Eastern Reds a decorative curving symbol that allowed the arm to still flex gracefully under it's protection.

Leather. Silk. Bone. But not a scrap of metal. A hard shot, but nothing human would survive when it landed.

My Caucasus Azure rested her stubby neck over my shoulder guard, claws firmly on the back harness and the leg protectors on the back of my thighs. It'd be the hard way, then. My armor would easily hold up at range, and when we were close enough, nothing but crackle, thunder, victory. Brzati and me went back two generations, she'd been with my father, and now with me. We were lightning.

Or so I thought. As the flag came down, he jumped. Leaped, the triple 2-footers already letting twinkles of heat cover the long space between us...only it wasn't streams of flame. No, tight shells of plasma and heat that barely lost a lick of coherency when I twisted to put my left side guards between me and my dragon.

The impacts were small, but...so many! So fast! So accurate! Gobbets of metal vaporized, taking the heat with them and leaving my shield arm ugly with bubbled paint and dents, *dents*.

Brzati and I turned back and she let fly with a beautiful shot, but only a few stray forks managed to catch the samurai as he went into a cartwheel, his dragons never seeming to stop to inhale as the flashes and bangs threw our aim off just enough to only near-miss. A few strands of silk blackened and snapped, leaving one leather string of scales to peel halfway off the backplate.

The stream dipped lower, and one ball of flame hit me where a man keeps his pride. Even through the belt, I flinched, and the rest walked down my leg to hammer the knee joint, fusing it solid. I stumbled.

Brazati hissed in agony as I exposed her harness and the seamless assault blinded her with a direct strike to the snout, then tore support straps to spill her to the ground. We fell then, a tangle of half melted armor and half stunned dragon.

By the time I could flip face up, the samurai had his arm resting lightly against my helmet.

The three maws opened, and I could see death in their glowing gullets.

"Surrender", he said.

And I did. Three steps from where I'd started.