"The motorcade is travelling towards you. Mehmedbašić, roll for initiative."

"4."

"The car drives past before you have a chance to act."

"God damnit."

"Don't worry guys, this is why we have backup in place."

"Čubrilović, it's your turn."

"I get... 2. Shit."

"You also fail to do anything before the Archduke's car rolls past. Čabrinović?"

"I get... 14! Ha! I throw my bomb at the Archduke's car."

"The bomb sails through the air. Roll to see if you're successful."

"8, what happens?"

"The bomb bounces off the convertible cover on the back of the car, and explodes beneath the trailing vehicle. The Archduke's car speeds off and you see the guards converging to arrest you."

"I don't want to give my party up, they still have to finish the mission. I take my cyanide pill and jump in the river to commit suicide."

"Roll."

"Roll? For suicide?"

"Yes. You're being chased by guards. You don't need to get anything good".

"Ok. It's a... It's a 1."

" Oh wow, that's really bad. Ok, you fail to die, and are beaten by the surrounding civilians before being captured by the guards and taken into custody. The bomb also caused the driver to speed away, driving past the rest of you before you have time to act, and Franz Ferdinand has reached his destination to give his speech. Princip, it's your turn."

"Fuck this, this isn't going to work, the dice are against us. I go for a drink."

"Oh, come on man, don't be like that."

"Nope, screw it, you guys can carry on if you want, I go to get a coffee and enjoy the rest of my freedom before Čabrinović gives us all up. Do I need to roll to see if I successfully drink my coffee?"

"Sure, if you want."

"Fine. I get... a 20. How the hell did that happen?"

"Really? You wasted a 20 on successfully drinking coffee? Come on GM, what happens?"

"Alright then, so you go to get a coffee, but as Archduke Franz Ferdinand is leaving his speech, his driver takes a wrong turn, and his car is now parked directly in front of you undefended."

"I shoot the Archduke! I get a 16."

"You hit and kill the Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife. You succeed in your mission, and inadvertently start World War One. Good game, well played."