Waking up felt like being drawn from a well; a gradual and wet rising to consciousness.  At last I realized the damp aspect was because I was standing in a grotto, with gentle waterfalls all about.  That was curious, but not *as* curious as the array of a dozen winged women, clad in armors ranging from bound leather to modern riot gear.  While their array of equipment varied greatly, they all shared the same proud and exotic facial features.

"Welcome, Steve of Ohio, second-born of Frank, to Valhalla - the Hall of Heroes."

These words seemed less likely even than the winged woman who spoke them.  On an impulse, I glanced at my reflection in one of the grotto's pools, illuminated by some source I had yet to spot.  The reflection I saw was scrawny of build, pasty of skin, sickly of constitution.

"I'm a fallen hero?" I said, rubbing my weak jaw.  I could feel the rough texture of mild eczema.

This caused a few uncertain looks to pass among the winged women, who were no doubt Valkyries.  One regained her composure, and stepped forward "It is true! You are a warrior with a calling, who has died in battle... technically."

"T.... technically?"  Had I fallen asleep at the observatory again, after one too many comics?  Hmm.. that was interesting, I remembered an observatory, and comics.

"Your deed in battle was of noble purpose...probably... and so you have been chosen." She began walking, and I followed, leaving the grotto and the other Valkyries behind.

"You don't sound entirely certain.  I don't mean to sound ungrateful, but... are you sure?"

Frowns don't become Valkyries at all.  Well, a frown of anger might; it would be terrifying to behold.  But a frown of uncertainty didn't sit well upon that proud countenance.

"There isn't an easy way to say this, but... warriors?... of your... sort.  They don't make it here to Valhalla very often."

I certainly didn't feel great deeds marching through my veins.  In fact, thinking back to my life, I mostly seemed to recall... a sense of panic?  Running in the dark?

"So why am I here then?"

"Because we found your deeds worthy.  Possibly on a technicality.  Behold!" We stood before a giant steel sheet in the dim cavern, the Valkyrie's arm and wing raised towards it as if presenting something.

There was the drip of water, then a cough.  "Behold!" She repeated.

"Sorry, it's just that there's... not much here?" Came a timid voice from somewhere in the shadows.

Ah, I had been correct about the angry face being terrible to behold, for I beheld it now.  "Just play what we have!" She hissed back at the darkness.  Then she cleared her throat again: "Behold!"

Suddenly an image burst forth on the steel sheet, like a heavy iron cinema.  The man whose reflection I'd seen (me, I suppose) burst from a door into a darkened alleyway.  His (my?) distraction was evident, and I could see what he (I?) had missed: the two men lurking in the alley.

"Here comes our payday now" growled one of the men.

"Jimmy's gonna need tah cook us a double batch with this score." said the other.

The scrawny man that was me backed up, fumbling for his wallet.  "Sure, sure..." I muttered.  "Just as long as you're quick, I have to..."

"As long as we're quick?" came the faux-haughty reply of the first man.  "Here that?  He got somewhere better tah be."

The laugh of the second man was the guttural bark of a predator.  "Sorry, fam.  But you're not goin nowhere quick.  Or at all.  The scratch they pay you ain't worth near as much as the kit in yer head."

I felt the base of my skull - the me here in the grotto mirroring the actions of the me there on the metal plate.  I could feel long-healed scars from the implanting of the neural interface that allowed me access to the raw astronomical data.  There was no way for even dedicated surgeons to remove it safely from my head, let alone two guys in an alley with a knife.  They meant to murder me and sell it.

"N... No!  You don't understand, I have... there's..." the men closed relentlessly with the me-on-metal-screen, until his back was against the wall.  They paid no heed to his chatter, but I could feel the desperation, and the meaning.  He had something important in his head, not just valuable - knowledge the world needed.  And they were just going to cut it out of him-me for drug money!

Abruptly sheetmetal-Steve's face showed resolve, and I knew he had decided we had to fight to get this knowledge out.  He gave a pathetic warcry, and threw himself at the closer of the two men.  The man caught him, and laughed.  He tossed him to the other man, to make a sport out of it - when fate intervened.  The second man slipped on some sludge in the alleyway, and went down, with Steve falling on top of him - on top of the knife.

I could feel the warm fluid gushing around my hands, but when I looked down, they were clean, there in the grotto.  On the screen, I heard the man swear to make me pay, and watched as I ran from the alley, to shepherd my vital news to...

To the front of a bus, which saw me too late.  I could feel the thump as it hit.

The image faded, and the indirect light of the grotto came up just in time to see a small creature bearing a tray of food.  The Valkyrie waved it away, and as it left I thought I heard it mutter "Sorry, usually I have more time to bring the feast..."

*drip* came the sound of a drop from the roof of the cave, as the Valkyrie composed herself.

"So you have slain a man in battle, for noble purpose" She said proudly, as we began walking again, "but your time is not yet up.  You are to return as a hero of legend."

"I'm sorry, but can I be direct here?"  my voice sounded small in the cavern, but her smile this time seemed the most genuine expression she'd had yet. "Most warriors are" she replied.

"That's probably the bravest thing I've ever done, but... surely half the cops in the city have performed more heroically than I did.  Why am I here?"

She drew up short, and I watched her wings slump as she sighed. "Like I said, your kind of hero doesn't come around very often.  So when one does, and we need one, sometimes... Well.  Sometimes a technicality is enough."

"My kind-" but she waved me on, into a large room, before I could ask more.  Around me were all the weapons of legend, with a Valkyrie beside each.  It was like comicon on steroids in here, with every weapon of every hero in history - from David Bowie's knife to Athena's legendary bow.

"A weapon will choose you, and you shall return, to shepherd mankind through this troubling time."

Suddenly I remembered: the meteor.  The deep space telescope had picked it up, but it was moving too fast.  It was an extra-solar object, moving well beyond orbital speed.  This unusual fact meant the automated systems had missed it.  I'd only noticed by chance.  What could any Earthly hero do against such a thing?  Or was I to be the hero after it hit, for whatever was left?

The Valkyrie next to me blanched as I touched Excalibur, and seemed relieved when I moved on.  I actually laughed out loud when I passed the Babe's bat, unable to ignore the mental image of saving humanity that conjured.  But as fascinating as each weapon was - and even their existence, here in Valhalla was, none of them spoke to me.

This seemed to cause the Valkyries much agitation as I reached the end of the hall.  Mutters of "so much for  a technicality" and "worse than when we nominated Custer" made their way to me through the strange acoustics of the hall, but most of the muttering was lost.  Feeling defeated myself, I sat in what appeared to be a crude leather-and-iron version of an office chair.  Only the Valkyrie that had brought me here still held her face passive, the others were fidgeting and gossiping.

On impulse, I opened the drawer to the desk.  Silence filled the hall in a rush, as I pulled out four wooden slats, covered in arcane markings, bound together in steel.

"I was right, he *is* the one" the voice of the Valkyrie who had brought me here was scarcely more than a whisper, but it carried across the crystalline stillness of the cavern air as clearly as if she were still next to me.

No Valkyrie stood here, to tell me the history of this weapon.  No murals depicted its use.  But I knew.  I could feel its power, a power that had ended more lives than all the weapons of all the warriors this hall had ever seen.  And it was mine to wield, now.  Mine to defend humanity with.

I held Oppenheimer's slide rule.

"I am become death... this time, saver of worlds" I muttered.

--

You can read more of my stuff at r/thefeshywords