It was the same route I had always taken out to my favorite spot, out of town and away from the city, a small dirt and gravel trail up a hill that would overlook the entire valley. It was still another hour's drive along the highway before I'd make a sharp right onto the quiet side road where it would eventually lose the asphalt and the signs of civilization. The radio was starting to get the normal cross-talk when the regional stations changed over, I reached for the button to change to a different frequency.

"Stop."

The words weren't drowned by the radio static, it was my gps unit on the dash. An alert across the screen stated 'Route Updated' but I had not changed my destination. I hit the button to turn the radio off, still not confident of what was heard. I tapped the screen on the gps, trying to see what changed.

"In 400 yards, turn left..." The gps chirped as the screen showed the upcoming arrow to turn off the highway.

No, not left, my turn is right and not for miles... I put my foot to the brake and slowed as the indicated left turn approached. I brought the car to a stop along the shoulder of the highway. A car zipped by going the opposite direction. I reached for the gps to correct the mistake and get back to the right course. Before I removed the device from its cradle, it chirped again.

"It is time you discovered the truth. Turn left."

I pulled my hand back, the bright little screen still urging me to turn down this other road. I had driven this way many times before to get away from the busy town where I had lived and worked my whole life... I had never paid any attention to this other road before, never cared where it may lead.

"Turn Left." It was insistent on the new course.

I jumped as a semi-truck wooshed by my side. The highway was otherwise fairly clear. I could ignore the alternate path and keep going, I've driven out to that spot on the hill often enough to know the way. I don't know what is down this other road.

"Turn Left." Persistent little thing.

I flicked on my turn signal and checked for passing traffic as I accelerated back onto the highway. The left turn approached quickly and I pulled the wheel over to get off the highway onto this new road. The arrow on the gps followed my car's path and then straightened out.

"Continue straight." No distance indicated, not even the screen displayed my final destination. I was headed away from the landmarks I recognized and the highway I thought I was so familiar with.

[]
