"A musket? I mean, a chain gun I could do something with but... this old thing? What am I supposed to do with this? Smother people in rust??"   


I'm panicking. Not panicking. I'm damn near hysterical. I've about 20 minutes to fight the rest of the mortals for the prize of immortality, omniscience, control of reality or whatever is gods get these days. (I'm really hoping teleportation, its a bloody pain to get to this... ethereal realm). My sponsor, who insists on calling himself Rudy - he says his real name is just too hard for an A-me-rican to say. I'm not sure whether he's just trolling me by adding the 'me' there but that's how he says it.  
By this time, i'm gesticulating wildly. I pick up the musket. It's old, like I think it was literally the first gun ever invented old. I'm sure it was quite beautiful when it was new but now even the wood bits have sort of rotten off exposing the skeletal structure of the weapon. The trigger was rusted shut until Rudy put some oil in it. If guns could be undead, this would be the shining example of one. Well it would be if it was shining. I swing towards Old Rudy, the barrel directly point at his little head. His tiny eyes open wide showing the blacks of his pupils.   


"No point!! Nein!! No point barrel at Rudy!!! " 

  
Rudy seems scared, terrified actually. Wonder why. I've never seen him so terrified. To be fair, I've only known him about 2 weeks now. 2 weeks since he chose me to be his representative in Mortal Combat tournament. Ha, Mortal Kombat. Hey, maybe if I win, I can be the God of Computer Games. Oh wait, Gaben already has that title. At least it was Elderitch Antonius. Fuck that guy.   


Rudy scuttles near me. If I were to compare him to a pop culture icon, I'd say he looks like Yoda. Well not really. His mannerisms are the same though. He carefully lowers the barrel, staring up with me and squints,intensely. "Point barrel at non-friend! Then Shoot shoot!" He mimes aiming and shooting at a target.

it's about this time, I'm beginning to think that maybe he isn't the all powerful lord of Death, life, or like some awesome power of nature.  


"Um, Rudy, buddy.. What did you say you were god of again?"  


"Rudy? oh, Rudy dist de god of.. how you say in your sprechen.. you know.." He points to the bar.   


"Oh! awesome! you're a God of Booze! Fuckin' A. This is going to be..."  


"Cup!" Rudy looked tremendously proud of himself as he remembered the English word for "cup"

  
"Say what?" There's no way there's a culture that has a specific God of... cups..  


"Rudy, God of Cups!!! That's right!or Boxes! yes Box box! "  


"I'm dead, oh God, I'm dead". Before I have the time to properly die of a heart attack, I'm whisked away from the locker room. My mind is a rush,I can't hear myself think. I'm sweating so profusely I think I've created a swimming pool where my feet used to be. Um, WWTRD? What would the Rock do? What would the Rock do? I guess he would act like he knew what he was doing.   


I've been ushered into the arena. There must be a million people there. Through some, um cough cough, favour found with one of those (greek?) goddess, I've made the quarters without actually fighting. By right, I should be fighting someone really useless. I'm hoping a feminist or one of those other hippies.   


The crowd roars as I come out. Luckily, since I'm technically in between death and life, I got to choose my body form and I decided to go with that of Thor... movie Thor. Or that sort. Point is I'm super muscular and not the total nerd I totally am not on Earth.  


"AND THE FINAL QUARTERS OF THE NIGHT!!! MARCUS VON ZUCKERBERG vs..." Damn asshole got my name wrong, There's no Von in my name, I'm not a Nazi... I'm so upset I don't hear who I'm facing.   


I realise too late that pulling strings, looking like Thor and having all the money in the world isn't enough when you're facing....  


Iron Man? oh God, no.  


"E-LONGGGG MUSSSSSSSKKKKK!!!!!!!" The crowd goes wild as the fan favourite emerges from the other side of the arena. He zips out in a suit that looks like Batman melded with Iron Man. A metallic Devil Bat. Black.   


I look up towards the walls of the arena where I am. I catch myself on the screen. Gods do I look good. Its like the most handsome I've ever...  


My thoughts are rudely interrupted by a LASER beam narrow sailing over my head. It singes my manly hair. That's it! This is personal.   


There's no way this musket is going to do anything. I run around, scouring the battlefield for trinkets. Weapons, anything that can do anything. The musket flies out of my hand as I dodge beam after beam of pure energy. The thunderdome shakes from the power. The masked murderer's flying towards me. I move just in time as a portion of the wall crumbles. Despite the looks, the Thunderdome's walls are nigh unbreakable. Or so I've been told. I grab a hammer that's inside a pile of ashes. Can hardly lift it. I feel power flowing through my veins. Thunder! Lightning! I call it all down upon the Musk.   


The dome goes as bright as the sun. Everything that wasn't singed before becomes a pile of ash now. Surely that would short out his suit. The Musk is down. I'm right! there's a chip in his suit. I walk towards him. Screw you and your stupid musket, Bob.  


The black figure stirs as I charge towards him, yelling my lungs out. He turns towards me. Oh God, I made a huge.. huge.. Musk's power isn't his suit at all. It's him... Oh, God the lightning must have super-charged his previous form. Oh God, he's become pure energy. Oh God oh God oh God, he's about to go nuclear. The suit was a containment suit, it wasn't a power suit. How could I have been so stupid....  


It's just then as I heroically run in the opposite direction of the bomb that my foot stubs a familiar object. it's the musket! As I, um, duck and embrace the ground. Nope, didn't fall there, I never trip and fall!   


The stadium is kinda in full panic now as everyone rushes towards the exit.   


Well, nothing to lose now. I close my eyes and shoot the thing at my opponent. Well at least if I die I...  


Nothing. No boom. No loud catastrophic universe destroying disaster. just a small plop and there in the middle of the stadium, where he used to stand, I now see a box. A small little box.  


I later found out that that's what it does. Just collects everything into a flask. Rudy is apparently the God of all containers, cups, flasks, boxes. Oh and apparently, pocket dimensions and all of space. And that's the musket he uses to create or contain any force in the world.   


Well, when I'm All Father of this town, I'll be sure to promote old Rudy, or known by his long German name of Erwin Rudolf Josef Alexander Schrödinger , to something much higher.  


Still, I wonder what ever is inside that box.... 