I woke up in absolutely excruciating pain. My mouth felt dry and completely devoid of moisture, my head almost ringing from a headache, and my stomach churning away, waiting to empty its contents. However I felt... Well I’m not sure how to explain it. Something was different, some balance had shifted; under the pain I could just barely sense this new stirring of energy or power. I dragged myself to a sitting position and it felt as though all my cells groaned in protest. I realized that after whatever had happened last night, I somehow made it into my apartment and just collapsed right there in the entrance hallway after managing to close and lock the door. Suddenly, I heard movement in the kitchen. Confusion hit first and then terror. I could barely even move; plus I’d never been in a fight before so even if I had been 100%, I still would’ve been useless. A lady of about 25 with fierce red hair and piercing grey eyes walked out of the kitchen and squatted right in front of me, a smirk plastered on her face. Who is this woman?! Is she going to kill me or did I manage to convince this absolute beauty of a woman to come home with me or... I tried to speak but my voice came out as a rasp. She laughed, such a light and happy sound that contrasted with the intensity of her stare. “Do you know what happened to you last night?” I shook my head and winced in pain. “You are quite the drinker. 10,000 liters of wine is... well you should have died quietly in your sleep. Yet here you are. Pitiful looking but alive. How you even got here is a miracle.” She peered at me, those grey eyes hiding a quizzical look within. My eyes widened in confusion. I drank... however much wine that is? She seemed to read my mind. “Yes by yourself. Usually when one of you complete an act there’s not a lot of fanfare but for you... Let us just say everyone was quite impressed. Come, let us get you some food.” I stared in disbelief as she sauntered away back towards the kitchen. To my relief the pain wasn’t nearly as bad as it had been moments ago. Carefully I stood and wobbled my way to my little dining room table. I realized I was still drunk. Well that’s probably why the pain has been ebbing away. The woman came back with a plate filled with what looked like lemon squares and a glass of dark liquid. “Here. Eat. Drink.” She stared intently and I involuntarily shivered at her gaze. Something felt off about this. I tried to speak but she held up her hands, silencing me. “Eat. Drink.” I picked up one of the squares and bit tentatively. I tasted every wonderful flavor imaginable and none of them clashed. The food melted on my tongue, filling me with strength and vigor as it settled in my stomach. Eagerly I sipped the drink. It too was unimaginably delicious, reminding me of those warm glasses of milk my father would give me right before bed. Within minutes everything was gone, not a crumb left on the plate nor a drop still in the glass. The pain had completely left yet I could still feel the effects of the wine. My brain felt mushy but good. The internal warmth I usually feel while drunk was there. I smiled at the mysterious woman. She smiled back, mischief twinkling in her eyes. “Usually we do not offer nectar and ambrosia to you mortals after completing an act. We have enough muscled idiots and rambling story tellers as is on Olympus. But you see, Dionysus renounced his godhood centuries ago to brew beer and run a winery in southern Italy among you mortals and we haven’t found his replacement. Until you that is.” I sat slack jawed at what had to be a prank. “I am serious. I am Athena. Why they pick me for this orientation I do not know but here I am. You are now the god of wine, fertility, ritual madness, and a host of other things. Welcome to the family.” She smirked and giggled. I finally spoke. “Will I always be drunk but in like a good way? Because if so, I’m perfectly ok with that.” Athena rolled her eyes. “Yes. You will always be drunk now. It is time to go. We have missed good quality alcohol on Olympus and you have to get to work.” “Wait so I’m like immortal now right? Always this age?” She sighed and handed over a thick book. “Read this. Everything you need to know will be in here.” I straightened myself out, the wheels turning in my head at all the new possibilities. Being drunk probably gave me the courage to ask too. “Can I stay here on Earth? I’m not giving up this divine stuff at all but I kind of want to stay here for a while... You know, walk among mortals I guess. Let me get the hang of this god stuff here on Earth. I don’t want to disappoint you guys.” Athena looked thoughtful. Angry but thoughtful. “I do not know why you would not want to come to Olympus right away and just train there but I will convince Zeus to allow you to stay. Just do not cause any trouble.” “Scouts honor.” She shook her head in disbelief and started to dissipate into golden sparkles. “10 years you stay. Then you come home.” Her voice echoed as she disappeared. A single owl feather was left where she was standing. I closed my eyes and willed a glass of red wine to appear. I took a sip and smiled contently, reveling in the taste. I snapped my fingers and noticed out the corner of my eye vines starting to creep around my apartment. That could be a problem but didn’t Athena say something about ritual madness? Maybe I can convince the landlord to see things my way so to speak. Always drunk with none of the negative effects? Ability to conjure the best wine on demand? Probably some way of getting other people drunk simply by using my mind? This is going to be a fun ten years. 