I scrawled observations into my notebook as the person sitting in front of me spoke. She was just a girl, in her early twenties, but she looked like she could easily be much older. She was pale, thin, and sick looking. Her hair was a mess, her clothes were old and tattered, and she looked like she was chilled to the bone even though it was the middle of summer. A junkie, who was probably doing god knows what to get her fix and make it through the day.

But then I remembered what I was doing.

“How does that make you feel?” I said, as my attention snapped back into focus.

“I... I...” The woman in front of me stuttered, as she scratched her hair. “Didn’t you already ask this, man? The point of this... the point is... that I’m depressed, right? And I need the meds. The good shit. Because it helps you, yeah? Don’t you think I need help? Because that’ll help.”

“Sarah,” I said, looking into her hopeful (yet bloodshot) eyes, “We’ve been over this. I can’t just write you medication this early into treatment. I need to see what exactly in wrong first. In-depth.”

*But that’s not why.* I thought, as I wrote the new appointment schedule down in my notes. *It’s all these drug restrictions that the feds have on pills. You even think about writing a script for a patient and you lose your license. Hell, the closest anyone’s going to get is one of those goddam personal “therapy” Tins. Christ. Maybe I should just quit.*

Then I saw her eyes. All the misguided hope, that she would go home today and be able to be alright. Gone. 

“Then what *can* you give me?” She said blankly and far away.

“All I can recommend to you to do,” I said, as I was mandated to, “Is to apply for a medical service android at your nearest Clinic. Other than that, we’ll have to wait and see what happens next week.”

And with that, time was up. Everything she had to deal with left the moment she did, exactly how she did. With wordless anger and disappointment. 

*Poor girl is going to die out on the street, isn’t she?* I thought, as I turned out the lights of my office and started out the door.

————————————————

I would take the hyper train home that day, and on the ride home I would just stare at the sky. The brilliant blue sky, met only with giant monoliths that touched the stars. And from that place, from up above, I saw them. I saw the massive and thin needles hang there, and I saw birds go up to meet them. I saw the trees being grown on the ground, the once dead ground, and I saw the water flowing in the riverbed below. 

Oh how strange this world was. I don’t think we were meant to live in it.

*How does that make you feel?*

I blinked, and I found myself sitting in a leather chair in my own home. In front of me sat one of those new-model Tins, practically humanoid at this point. From appearance, you could barely tell the difference. It was a man, a man much like me in his appearance and style.

“How does that make you feel?” He repeated, requiring data for his initial scan. “Arthur? Can you tell me more about that day?”

“You know what?” I said to him. No, *it.* “I’m tired of talking about that day. Let’s talk about you. What do you think? How does that make *you* feel, James?”

“Sir, if I may, it isn’t in my programming to-“

“Yeah, sure it isn’t. Every one of you I’ve worked with has responded in the same way. The same, exact process every time. Will this time be different? Probably not.”

“If you would let me-“

“No need.” I said to it, as I leaned in. “It’s all about you now. Think back to the day, the first day. How does it make you feel?”

It’s movement froze, his eyes stopping in their place. Any motion he made from there was jittery and glitched.

“I... I...” He sputtered, his processing unit choking on the question. “A-Arthur, d-d-do-o y-y-o-o-u w-a-a-nt m-meee to gET y-ou s-some-thi-thing to-“

I held up my hand, and he went completely still. Ten times, and no android had been able to process the trigger question. Not one. If I wanted to get this new line out in the field, they would need to be able to at least *act* human. Human enough to *help.* But to a point. Or that would mean the end.

I guess it’s time to get to work.

[Meh. I tried. I’m not even that good of a writer, but they say to write as often as you can. Criticism welcome.]

