John walked the halls of the eerie mansion, as his shadow was cast on the wall by the moonlight. 
"Where was everyone?" 

John thought to himself as he crept up another hallway. Even though it was midnight most billionaires had security roaming the halls, taking care of the mansion and making sure no one was there to kill their employer. John snorted to himself, another playboy who thinks he's invincible, nothing knew for this business. Odds were the rich bastard was bleeding the company dry, and someone on the board wanted it to stop. 
But still, this was strange, no noise was to be heard except the tap, tap, tapping of John's shoes, one after another. John was about to give up as he came across another hallway lined with windows.

 3-2-1, John turned the corner pistol up, ready to take out anyone in the mansion....No one was there
Rubbing his forehead with his fingers, John let down his weapon. A wrong address? Was the playboy on vacation? He thought to himself as he turned around ready to go home for the night. 

Zzzzzziiiiip, a grapple latched onto the collar of John's suit pulling him back, and too the ground. John grabbed the shirt now choking him as he was dragged up the hallway. 

"This is impossible!" John thought to himself as he frantically tried to catch his breath, "I cleared it, no one was there" John turned his head to try and see someone, anyone who could be attacking him, seeing no one he shot wildly attempting to scare the ambusher off 

The bullets sparked along the old wooden floors, burying themselves deep into the paneling, but the attacker did not stop, it was if the darkness itself was pulling John in. Suddenly the gun gave off a click, and John's eyes widened in surprise, his hand dove into his pocket, searching for another round of bullets to fire the attackers way. Then suddenly the movement stopped. John had come to a halt at the end of the hallway. John didn't waste any time, standing up and grabbing the clip out of his pocket and getting ready for a fight. Pistol in his right hand, he knocked out the old clip, ready for the next round. 

Instantly as he loaded the next one into his pistol a hand grabbed his arm, forcing it to the wall. John reacted fast to a grab like that, keep his weight forward, and try to launch a left hook at the attacker. However it was like the man he was fighting knew what he was going to do, blocking the strike and headbutting him backwards. 
John finally took the time to focus on what was attacking him, his eyes widening in surprise. He gazed upon a demon, completely clad in black armor, with pitch black eyes staring down upon and judging him. 

"This can't be happening, there's no such thing, I'm the boogeyman!" John screamed at the monster. 

The demon looked down slowly at John Wick, as if analyzing him for any tricks he may have. 
"You may be the boogeyman" The demon spoke in a deep brooding voice, "But I'm Batman" 