I simply don't get it. 

So few people are lucky enough to receive the opportunity I had, and I had to throw it to waste. 

Could have asked to find true love or to have enough wealth to sit on my ass till I'm 6 feet under the ground, but no, "Give me a productive 2017" I said like some kind of imbecile.

Not only is it bad enough that I practically threw away the only shot I had at finding some ease in this life, now my entire day's productivity is condensed into a single minute late in the day. 

Now don't get me wrong, that minute is *amazing*. The rush of adrenaline in my blood gives makes me feel like I could accomplish anything. From climbing the Matterhorn to a wrestle with a bear concluding with me as the victor... but it's simply not worth it. The moment 20:18 hits, so does the exhaustion. More often than not, the excruciating tiredness causes me to collapse on the couch until the next morning. It's as if my body exerts more energy in this single moment than any human being could possibly exert in multiple days.

It's been a stress-filled Thursday at work. My boss, Eli, approaches me at my desk and says: 

"David, what's with the chart I asked you to make? it's been already 3 hours since I told you to do it...are you slacking off again? You sure as hell haven't made a good first impression here"

It's true, I've only been at this law firm for 2 months, but believe me it was no simple task getting this job. The pay might suck and I do have a boss that yells at me from 09:00 to 18:00, but it sure beats living off of the canned tuna and corn that my welfare allowed me to afford for the past year that I was unemployed.

"You're gonna need to stay late today. If you're gonna be lazy at work you'll have to pay the price" Eli adds.

"Fair enough" I murmur at him. It's clear that we don't get along, but that's fine, how often do bosses and workers get along? 

"Good. I want to see the chart in my mailbox before 21:00.And don't you dare leave the office before it's done" Eli angrily states as he exits the room.

Good riddance. At least I can look forward to a whole weekend without seeing him once i'm done compiling a table of the office's expenses on plastic cutlery this past year. Sometimes it feels like i'm given tasks that were designed to drive me insane and feel like my life is devoid of meaning. 

I've never been at the office this late. There's a good reason for this. I gotta make sure I get home before 20:17, or else I risk falling unconscious here on these wooden floors. 

I look at the bottom left corner of screen and what do I see..? 20:14. Oh god, it's too late. 20:17 arrives... my senses may have been elevated to a godly level but the only thing on my mind is the emanating crash i'm about to experience. 20:18 hits, and I've never felt so drained and lethargic in my entire life. 

No thoughts cross through my mind as I lay down on the floor, in fact, there's a certain calmness in me as I enter a long night of slumber in my cubicle...