The hall went dark and the emergency lights went bust too, a split second later. 

"Here we go again", though number 3, and mentally prepared to withstand...

...a flash of impossibly bright light entered their perception. The light slowly faded to reveal an upright biped in a curious, partially revealing, metallic shell.

"Get him!... it!" hissed number 1.

"It's not really there in front of you, citizen", explained number 3. "This is like the projections we experienced yesterday. Apparently, they can broadcast them too."

"SALVE, I am Marcus Iulius Orator, Decurion in the III Legio Astralis. I am seizing control of this planet in the name of the Empire, one way or the other. Shall it be the peaceful way?".

You wish, thought number 1, but damn, we need more time to figure them out. 

"Dear sir, it is not in our power to answer your request, this is a democracy, and the general assembly has to..."

"Democracy is not feasible in your society and you know it, citizen. I am pretty sure to be addressing the ones in charge. "

"We simply are the ones drafting financial regulations, we don't..."

"Money has been made to rule every aspect of your corrupt social order, we know the trick. Most of the underdeveloped planets are like yours."

"And you do not have any need for our money, general?"

"Not at all. And, I am no general, a decurion is in charge of just 10 airships. Enough for this place."

"You are vastly outnumbered, so may I ask what kind of weapons are you going to employ against millions and millions of fully autonomous, fast as lightning, control units?"

"One weapon. Knowledge. Your system is based on ignorance, your people are ignorant about energy generation, about culture of the mind and body, about alchemy, about God". We are going to change that, and your weapons are useless against this process. Your system will collapse overnight, because artificial scarcity will cease, the mandatory therapies to survive in your polluted environment will not be needed, and people will love to do without the byzantine bureaucracy that keeps you in power no matter what they vote."

"THIS WILL NOT HAPPEN PEACEFULLY, COMMANDER OR WHATEVER THE F*CK YOU ARE", said number 1, shaking. "WE MADE THEM, WE EITHER RULE THEM OR DESTROY THEM. YOU WILL RULE ABOVE WASTELAND".

The light enveloping Marcus Iulius became strong. But his voice remained unaltered.

"You are not able to do that anymore, number 1. You cannot escape to reality and interact with it. You refuse the peaceful way. You could have helped out, but you just chose to antagonize Rome. So the lot of you will be confined until you can witness what your planet can blossom into. Then, you will end up your days living, well, surviving, with the uncooperative. VALE!"

Number 3, struggling to keep his eyes open, shouted "You LIAR! You will get us nailed to the cross, I know it, I heard the stories".

Marcus Iulius had to suppress a chuckle, so he broke contact, raised from his armchair, and went for a glass of wine, thinking among himself: "Life isn't fair eh, Rome? You normalize countless planets, defeat hordes of barbarians of every kind, shape galaxy after galaxy, and what are those critters talking about, when they mention you? the one damn time you nailed to a cross the wrong guy. Go figure."
  

