A plaque over IG HQ was mounted over the entry way to the briefing room.  It was black stone with brass plate text, with standard issue oil lamps lighting the plaque.  "Every intelligent species in the universe shares a common ancestor."  Mirnen mulls this over before the squad briefing.  Wondering whether it was actually true, that there were no independent species out there.  A lot of modern day natural philosophers thought this unlikely, but none had been found yet. The forekirk, who had taught every species the secret to hyperdrive, medicine, and agriculture, were the common ancestor of all the known species.  We knew this because of their beaks and long, flat fur.  Mirnen wondered if there was a species in the world that didn't share in the gifts of foremen.

"The humans don't appear to be advanced, they haven't even discovered intergalactic travel, it should be a simple invasion" said Mirnen, polishing a brand new musket and looking toward the IGPS.  The musket was his duty arm, but it was also a prop for the briefing. The green recruits were nervous.  The peacekeeping squad had never had much success against Talkak invasions. 

"We will be there to give the humans aid, and, hopefully, guide them to victory and lasting participation in the galactic community.  Talkak forces seem to be focusing their efforts on a few urban centers, and so we will try to beat them to those places"  After this, Mirnen continues the briefing, describing tactics and strategy in the defense to come.

After the briefing, a young Sek troop from the squad, Larkak, if Mirnen could remember his name, came up to Mirnen.  "Um... Sir... what if the humans ... um... don't want our help."  asked Larkek.

"You're worried about another Morgan massacre?  Well, we plan on arriving before the Talkak, to learn about the humans and hash things out.  If you're worried about attack on contact, we plan on hovering out of attack range until we establish peaceful contact.  They won't too different from us, we do all share a common ancestor after all."  Replied Mirnen.

"But... but... Kirkfolk used to war with each other all the time, and the Talkak still war all the time.  I mean, thats *really* why IG founded the peace force, right?  to keep the Talkak expeditions under control?" asked Larkak.

Mirnen mulled over his exact words for a moment.  "Thats is a popular opinion, and one not without some merit.  But their stated mission is to protect all Kirkfolk in common peace."

The IGSS Starleap traveled at several times light speed.  Mirnen saw the small blue orb that orbited Sol.  It was a strange planet to harbor life.  Most Kirkfolk can't deal with that much nitrogen in the atmosphere.  Mirnen shuddered at the thought.  A few years ago Mirnen had been exposed to earth-high levels of atmospheric nitrogen.  It pooled in his blood, and caused so much pain.  Supposedly after a few days it builds up to lethal levels. The peace force had been issued thin masks that could lower the nitrogen levels they inhaled down to tolerable levels, so long as the cartridge in the mask was swapped out every few hours.  Mirnen hated the things, but, he supposed, it was better than Aldrin's pooling syndrome.  

The ship's captain, Aldrik, approached Mirnen and asked "whats the plan?  Should I land it over one of those bright spots?"

Mirnen snorted. "Of course you didn't read the course directions.  You never do.  I aught to send a formal reprimand sometime.  We hover near the edge of one of the bright spots, flickering our lights.  We don't know what this planet was seeded with, or how it has evolved in the seven hundred years since, we need to avoid surprising or scaring them.  They know we exist, but we don't know what they've come to think of outsiders."  

The craft closed in over its objective, its ceramic plated hull reflecting the water of the bay below.  Mirnen and the soldiers looked out the bay window for the firm time since entered the atmosphere.  He was too late.  There was a Talkak expedition ship, with its black-steel hull, on the ground near a building on shore.  Mirnen panicked a little when he noticed the ship was... damaged?  Had the humans repelled the Talkak attack on their own?  Maybe they had decoded the more advanced knowledge the Forekirk had left them?  But not hyperdrive?  Its sometimes difficult, because Forekirk tablets were in code, only detailed how to build a hyperdrive, and not the principals that make it work.  Hell, even the Sek scientists hadn't entirely figured out how hyperdrive worked, although there were a few accepted theories.

Then Mirnen looked closer.  The Talkak ship wasn't damaged.  It had been rendered completely destroyed.  There were bits scattered all over the ground, and there weren't any Talkak to be seen.  There also weren't any human war machine parts around.  Mirnen became pretty sure that the humans knew more than IG thought they did.  

It was at that moment that a human... something... flew over to the Starleap.  It was cabin, with two rotors.  A horizontal rotor spinning above the cabin, and a vertical one behind.  It seemed to have an armament hanging on flanges to it side.  It hovered in front of the Starleap.  Aldrik asked for orders.  

Mirnen barked "Ready the sulfur rockets.  But don't fire.  We don't want a war, but if the humans can drop a Talkak ship without major losses, then we need to be ready."  Then Mirnen sighed when the human craft turned and flew toward a clearing on the ground.

Then, the craft came back.  Then it returned to the clearing.  Then it came back.  And then returned to the clearing.  Eventually, Mirnen saw little... somethings.... robots? Vehicles?  Drawing a Starleap shaped outline in the clearing.  Then Mirnen understood.

He turned to Aldrik and said "Land on the outline best you can, I think they want to talk."  And Aldrik did.

-------

So, what does everyone think so far?  This is my fourth entry to r/writingprompts so feedback is nice.  I'll write more if people seem to want it, but I'm not sure where I'm taking it exactly.