Fireworks glitter off towers of polished metal, the drone of densely packed bodies celebrating permeating every corner of the city. The bitterly soothing taste of stim gum fills my mouth, giving me the energy to keep on for another day. How long had it been since I last got a full night’s sleep? Forty days? I popped another piece in my mouth, just in case. The crowd below writhes as people celebrate with wanton abandon.

Today marks ten thousand years of co-existence between humans and the undead. 

Co-existence is a funny word to use, given that relations between the two groups have always been a little... strained to say the least. It all started as a disease, taking the fringe colonies of humanity by storm given they had no militaries to speak of. In the core worlds of the League, though, it was almost hilarious to see how the virus failed to take root. A few city blocks is nothing in a population of quadrillions. 

That’s not to say it didn’t take its toll. The shipyards around Jupiter were turned to slag, one trillion souls lost to undeath because one fella couldn’t leave behind his daughter when he fled from some backwater colony. Those tight corridors were open season for the feral undead. 

So the disease adapted, unlike anything humanity had ever seen. It realized that turning our brains to Swiss cheese wasn’t the best course of action in trying to survive against an entire species that hated you. First it made its hosts smarter, repairing the damage to the brains of hosts who it raised from the dead. Brain death wasn’t exactly a good starting point to compete with humans. 

Soon, the undead were at a level of consciousness and intelligence that rivaled the living. Interestingly enough, the disease never corrupted the memories or personalities of those it revived. It was a fresh start into immortality for all the infected. 
Negotiations were launched after three thousand years of conflict, and peace was established. Now we just pretend like those years never happened, no matter how deep the scars they left were. 

So here I stand on my home planet, Lanier. By all accounts an unremarkable world, previously dedicated to agriculture until we bled its soil dry and turned it into a hive world. Only two thousand years and it had a population of nearly five trillion, tucked onto a hunk of rock the size of Mars.

As the relationship between man and monster developed, more laws had to come into place. See, people realized that fellas who had murdered their great great something or other were walking free, with three consecutive life sentences. The big wigs on Earth didn’t take kindly to that, so the boots on the ground made a special division to investigate undead characters who needed to serve out some more years. 

Conveniently, there were no laws regarding ethics on imprisoning the undead. Undead slammers are the worst were as bad as they got, and they fought like hell to stay out. Being in those places were enough to make a fella go feral. 

All this puts me here, tracking down a perp who was supposed to have been incinerated in a hail of plasma fire eighty years prior. A rebel on the undead side, under the impression that turning a dozen naval academies into craters was good protest for undead rights. 

Had the nickname, “Dead Ringer” for his likeness to our benevolent leader. I figured he just chose anything over his Spraxlee Brand. Some settlers get it in their heads that because they’re on a fringe world they should give their kids a stupid name. Heh, at least I get a kick out of it. 

I’d tracked him across seven worlds and three sectors, dropping a couple million in government issued funding along the way. He must’ve ran out of favours for me to get this close. 

Suddenly, my buddy Sprax emerges from the end of the crowd I’m facing, right on cue. My informant had told the truth. I almost regretted breaking that bottle on her head. Almost. 

I spit my gum out side of my mouth and vaulted the ledge, the flight tech in my jacket easing me down. Neat stuff, that. Makes you want to throw up after a while, but still. Neat. 

I land with a dramatic roll right in Sprax’s path. I’ve always been one for theatrics. “Spraxlee Brand, I’m here to take you in in the name of the League of Allied Systems. You’ve got some years left to serve, pal.” I amplify my words through my helmet, drawing a hush in the throng of people around me. 

Spraxlee is a big guy, and I’ve come unarmed. Try to make a point to bring in my targets alive, and he’s running alone. He takes one look at me and a toothy grin covers his face. Doesn’t quite reach his eyes, though. Bastard’s filed his teeth into points.

“Oiy, es thet soo?” He drawls out, his thick fringe world accent making him sound like he was speaking a different language altogether. 

“Yes, that is. Now, will you come quietly or will-“ A table slams into me, cracking my visor. Okay then. 
Funny quirk about the disease, it didn’t stop developing at intelligence. After peace had been made, the undead became faster, stronger, some better in every way. After years of culling these mutations, the undead population across the board was essentially equal to humans in terms of quality. Still far, far more living humans though. That being said, somewhere along the line these mutated strains were preserved and produced. Ask the right people, and an undead could become a bullet proof juggernaut capable of catching a helicopter blade and outrunning an original model Tesla hover car. 
In that instant, I realized my friend had indeed talked to the right people and gotten himself hooked up with a strength strain. 

I rolled with the table, letting it throw me end over end until I flopped down with a resounding crack, leaving my helmet behind somewhere along the ride. I got to my feet, shaking my head and wobbling. 

Must have looked convincing, because Sprax let out a laugh and reached out to grab me by the throat. I slid out of the way, locking my hand around his wrist and swinging my foot into his bionic leg, severing it at the knee. Before he knows it, Sprax is eating concrete with my knee in his shoulder and right arm firmly in my grasp. 

“Are we done here?” I ask, leaning hard until I hear a pop. 

“‘Ow did ye do thet ye fekkin’-“ the realization clears his face of pain for an instant, and he speaks clearly for a stunned moment, “Ye hunt yer own kind, ye fuck?”

I wordlessly clap electro-cuffs on his arms, paralyzing him. I look into his eyes, and see my pale reflection. Mutant undead criminals are either killed on the spot or offered an alternative. 

The way I see it, a lifetime hunting scum is better than none at all. 




First crack at a writing prompt, felt like putting something out. Probably on the long side, but that’s alright. Typed on my iPhone, so excuse any weird formatting or possible typos. 