„Jake, what the hell are you doing? Why are you wasting your time here?”
„I’ve told you already, I’m building a church. I’ve gotten fed up, trying to climb out of this mess alone, ethically, while others make a living off our misfortune. If they can make people believe what they want them to believe, I will be able to do so just as well. As soon as this is complete, I WILL be able to get out of this miserable place.”
„You’ve gone mad Jake, the people here are not gonna start sharing your beliefs just because you want them to. This is a horrible idea, you’re wasting precious time here.”
But Jake was too busy with the finishing touches, to listen to Marlo’s rambling, he was not concerned with his opinion for the slightest. Marlo was just another one of those people, who believe you can achieve anything, as long as you give it all you’ve got. He was too shortsighted to see the world as he saw it. To see the tremendous exploitation of people. To understand, that you can NOT become anyone in this world, if you don’t leave your honor behind. *I may not believe in gods, but I believe in the idea, that I can make others believe.* And Jake knew deep inside, that is enough to make his goal a reality. The hard work was taxing on him recently, he spent every waking hour to finish the building. It was more of a shrine than a church. Steel beams supporting an arched roof, lanterns hanging above every bench. He couldn’t afford making a full brick building, but he did everything that was in his power, the outter walls of the shrine were about waist high, made from white bricks, it was mesmerising as the sun was shining on it. Just enough to catch the attention of the average local. The inner layout, perhaps traditional, but had one thing differ from anything he’s seen, the altar was completely missing. There was no need for one he thought, as he himself would be the embodiment of the altar. The altar in most religions represented a sacred place, where sacrifices would be carried out, to please the chosen God or a gathering place for prayers. But here, he was the voice of God and he could easily choose to abandon this part and establish himself as a semi God figure, the only connection, the only way voices would find God would be through HIM.

The sun was setting and the street lights started flickering on. It was time to take a rest, he’s worked tirelessly through the day and the place was almost finished. *I would catch up in the morning, the weather is beautiful, I could just sleep under the sky.*

Hours later Jake awoke to an unfamiliar presence at the borders of his mind. He felt an excruciating pain in his bones, as if winter set in and he was being frozen alive. He could not tell where he was, thick mist covered the surrounding area, perhaps he was still dreaming. *No, that’s impossible.* He shook his head and stood up, the mist was thick. You could barely see the pillars of the shrine, but there was one thing, he could make out crystal clear. A dark figure, standing exactly in the middle of everything. Menacing, it’s arms stretched out as if he was preaching himself or ... just admiring the scenery. Emanating darkness around itself, from afar you would say it was a hooded bishop, but from this close, you could feel in your bones it was definitely NOT human. Even the talismans in Jake’s hair started to shake. These small iron lockets, created by alchemists to ward off ghosts and malicious creatures, for the first time, seemed to actually function. Perhaps he was just hallucinating, but now curiosity was driving Jake, even if this was not real, mayhaps he could profit from this, even if it was just a vision. He slowly started walking towards the entrance of the shrine, cautiously, not to draw the unwanted attention of the dark figure. He tapped his jerkin, his knife sitting gently in it’s pocket as usual. He may not know what that being is, but he will not go in there without a weapon ...

*What a foulish thought Jake Perhall. You’ve built your church with sweat and blood, in the pursuit of fortune. And now you’re planning on shedding the blood of a divine ...* Jake has this awful sensation that the entity in front of him is smirking at him, although he can not make out a face from under the hood. * As if you could ... Tell me mortal, do YOU believe in the divine?* Jake froze in place, it was just now he realised he didn’t hear voices, all of this was in his head. It asked him if he believes in the divine, what kind of sick joke was this? Of course he did not believe in the divine. By now, his talismans were not just vibrating, they lit up with blue flames and illuminated the fog and the walls of the shrine, but the darkness remained unpierced. *Aaaah, I see you’re not just an ordinary mortal, it seems someone left you wards you’re unaware of. And here I thought you were just a fool, perhaps you still are, but nonetheless a lucky fool.* „Enough of these mindgames, who are you?!” Jake’s voice echoed through the air, distorted, as if he was in a huge empty chamber, all alone. The being seemed to shift, perhaps it was turning around, you couldn’t really tell. *Oh you miserable man, would it really really overload your cognitive abilities to think for once, perhaps remember the passages you father made you study every day?* 

The voice changed, it seemed 
high-minded and a bit angry or maybe tired. „That which walks in the darkness, two hounds watch her every step. On her journey, only suffering will erect. Children of the Seat, beware, the Queen of the Night, will always prevail.” Jake slowly mustered the old words into the world once again, the rite filling him with even more fear, than before. „It could not be, these are just stories to scare children. You CAN NOT BE the Queen of Skulls and Night.” *Lower your tone human. I’ve not yet come for your life. I’m just here wondering, why you people are so obsessed with the divine, yet defy every ancient law.* Jake was lost, he could not handle this situation, if this being spoke the truth, then that meant. On that night, it was reality, he wasn’t just dreaming, his world shattered in the matter of seconds. *Now tell me human, after this enlightment, do you wish to renew the ancient laws and claim what was once your birthright? YES or NO?*
